I’m 15 looking for hopeDon’t think that I have gone through some bad shit or anything, because many of you would consider me to be extremely blessed. Only child, I don’t have to do anything for the things I have, and many other privileges. I just felt like sharing since I thought I was getting better, but I’m starting to get sadder and emptier. 

I went to a private Catholic school for grades 1-8. It was a a small school, and I had an avg 16 kids in my class throughout, and even that was the biggest in the school. I don’t know when things went wrong at that school. Maybe grade 6-7? I don’t remember much from around that time, and I’m glad I don’t. 

I didn’t fit in so I wanted to change. A lot of us started using social media too, although I’ve never really used it, even today. I guess it was a mixture of peer pressure and other factors that made me develop a different personality just for school. It was incredibly tiring. I wanted to go back, but at the time I realized, it was too late to just revert to a personality I couldn’t even remember. I guess I was an attention-seeker, according to my teachers. I did stupid shit just for laughs, like banging my head against my desk, eating disgusting stuff, or laughing incredibly obnoxiously loud when we were watching a video as a class just for some other “friends” to laugh. I got in trouble for a lot of the shit I pulled off. Looking back it was incredibly stupid to do this for people who never contacted me outside of school. The amount of times they talked about some meeting or gathering that I wasn’t a part of was numerous.

Thinking back on the “girlfriend” I had at around 8th grade makes me want to die so I’m gonna skip that. These last two points are also relevant to the prank call I got from the same girl a while later. It was at a party I wasn’t invited to... I remember being excited thinking we were gonna get back together or something but.. yeah. I was very uhh down after that.

It was around the end of eighth grade that I decided to just alienate myself from the class. I got a lot less sleep just so I could sleep during the first period of the day to not talk to people. At first I would just pretend to be asleep with my head down, but I could still hear them talking about various things...  so I really wanted to just sleep. I wasn’t bullied, so there wasn’t anything anyone could do for me. It was truly a situation I put myself in. I used to be a really social kid as well (maybe I should’ve started with this). I even had a fucking girlfriend in kinder. Like we kissed and shit, both of our parents knew. No one believes me now obviously but I also can’t believe how I was such a social butterfly when I was little. Where’d it all go wrong...

Then came high school. For some background info, I moved somewhere else in 6th grade but still went to that private school since I was afraid of public schools, and at seventh I decided I could tolerate another year. But once I graduated 8th grade I went to a school near me and I naturally knew no one. I joined the basketball team just so I wouldn’t be alone the whole year. Well, I ate lunch by myself for the first 2 months anyway since my teammates were popular. Luckily, I found like 3 ok friends and I hung out with them for the year. Oh and I was absolute ass at basketball by the way. It was natural since I had no talent and was doing it for friends. Never going into games didn’t really affect me though since I never gave a shit about it in the first place. 

Anyway we move to the quarantine stay at home order. Needless to say, I didn’t even need to adapt to  it since it was incredibly similar to how I spent my winter and summer breaks since no one would talk to me and I’d stay at home all the time. The only difference is that I occasionally text one friend that I hung out with at school. One thing I’m afraid of though is that I’m gonna get too attached to this guy. One time I thought of him dying and I started crying uncontrollably... like I’m not gay but knowing that this guy, who probably thinks nothing of these occasional texts, can make me so emotional at the thought of them dying makes me feel really bad.

The loneliness is something I like to think I’ve gotten used to. Anime is really important to me as it got me through grade 7&amp;8. The reason i think I’ve improved is that I don’t even watch anime anymore. Well, I did have two breakdowns this year (never had them before) so maybe it did have an effect on me, but that’s in the past. I’ve learned to live with my pitiful self. A line from an anime I’ve seen was “if you don’t like yourself you might as well kill yourself.” It sounds incredibly silly, I’m aware, but it drives me to find anything, literally anything about me to like, since I can’t kill myself. Maybe that’s why I’m still able to go on.

With all that out there, can someone give me hope? I don’t know just something to hold onto? I feel so aimless right now. I honestly wish I could switch bodies with one of you because I feel like I’ve wasted this life. I have fucking everything I need and more but literally no one knows me. And I’m scared. I’m scared of changing this seclusive lifestyle of mine. I don’t want to wear that mask I wore for so long. Every time  I meet someone other than my parents I put on the same fake smile I used to have, and fuck it dreads me to have to be someone else again. Right now I feel like a hollow husk with no soul dwelling in my body. Who  even am I? I don’t know anymore. 

Am I over my head? Is this normal? Am I exaggerating? There are so many questions I have unanswered since I have never opened up to anyone before. If you’ve made it to here thank you for listening to this pathetic boy’s summarized story. I know I’m truly gonna be alone since I plan on taking this story to the grave, so at the very least this post will relief some of that loneliness.