If he leaves I am certain I'll kill myself. Is it wrong to tell him that? This is sort of a long story.

I have been with my current S/O for 2 years (almost to the day) and over the past year I've cheated on him more than once. I am not unhappy in our relationship. I've never been happier. He is the only reason I haven't killed myself yet. When we started dating I was extremely suicidal, had plans and everything. I slowly got better. It was really rough but he was my saving grace, he was and still is the most perfect person for me. I strongly believe that I will never find anyone who will treat me better. 

I cheated on him for reasons I now realize are pathetic and I regret every single instance of it. I felt lonely because he lives several hours away (though he visits at least twice monthly, if not every week.) I felt lonely and, due to my social anxiety, I find it very hard to make friends or pursue social situations. When I realized boys would talk to me when I was promiscuous, I started flirting more, and eventually sending nude pictures, etc. until it progressed to actual physical acts. It felt good to finally have people pay attention to me and text me asking about my day, even if I knew deep down they only wanted one thing from me. I felt guilty all the time. I knew that if he ever found out it would most likely end with a break up. Still, being selfish and undisciplined, I continued to flirt with different guys because I felt like any attention and "relationship" with people would make me feel better. It did for a while, I thought it was fun when they would invite me out and want to "hang out." I pushed my real relationship out of my mind because I didn't want to feel guilty about something that felt good to me. I didn't enjoy being promiscuous with them, I felt nothing when I made out with guys, I just wanted the company. 

Eventually my S/O found out about one case of cheating. It exploded in my face and I realized that I was going to lose him if it ever happened again. I was fully aware of that fact and I contemplated killing myself again. I was too afraid of being alone, losing the most important person in my life over people that meant absolutely nothing to me. He forgave me and I was remorseful and things went really well for about two months. Then I met someone who was really warm to me. He liked me for me, but I still didn't know how to be good friends with him without being unfaithful. I tried, but eventually I started flirting with him as well. Only a few months after being on the verge of suicide over cheating, I was doing it again without thinking. 

My S/O checked my phone when he was visiting soon after the flirting started. I understand that he had every right to do so, being unsure and not having enough trust built back up with me. He confronted me about it and now I've come clean to him about all the times in the past I cheated on him. He's too hurt to forgive me this time and I know that he will probably leave me. I have been desperately trying to fix things. I've closed all relationships with anyone who I've been tempted to or have been promiscuous with, including the most recent one. And by closed I mean deleted numbers, told them not to contact me, etc. I'm willing to give up anything to keep my relationship. 

I genuinely believe I will not be able to handle losing the man I've always loved and wanted to spend my life with. I've already self-harmed, and although he's still trying to make decisions and hasn't broken anything off yet, I'm already planning how I can off myself before I have to go back to work this week. I feel like I'm losing the only thing I'm living for because I was too selfish and uncontrolled. I will give anything to make him take me back, including giving up everything I have. 

I've told him that I don't think I can go on living without him. He knows that I'm not just uttering empty threats, and he's seen me in this state before. I feel like I am forcing him to feel he has to stay. I don't want him to feel forced to be with me, especially when I know that I am 100% the one in the wrong here. I just don't want to lose him. 

Can anyone help me fix things, or at least give me some hope?