I don’t know even know what I wan’t anymore.I am 24 soon and I have never kept in touch with people I’ve met, I don’t have any friends I’m the oldest of my two siblings, I never feel like I fit anywhere I work, I get along with everyone because I’m scared I might indirectly hurt them and I’m more reserved than most people but I always felt like the odd one out like I should not be here, the people I even talk regularly (if you can even call it something like that) which is only at party’s never anytime else.

I was always picked on from my younger school years to high school and college but I didn’t let that bother me as long as my siblings were doing fine. I can only hold a conversation for more than a few minutes with either family or from my younger siblings who introduce me I still never talk to anyone I can’t find the words to strike up a conversation with anyone I even feel safer and more relaxed if I can not talk to as little amount of people as possible, I am constantly getting a nudge from life to go out and do things.

Now I’ve grown up a bit more since I was younger I just want to be an ordinary guy but i don’t know what that even means I think as I feel I’ve done all I wan’t to do I don’t feel like celebrating or attending birthdays weddings anything like that, I sit in my room with my door locked and just sleep I get so  sad and feel like such a stupid asshole that people are dying everyday and I’m just feeling like I wanna just die.

I’ve been close to doing it but I can never push my self all the way (I’m not sure if I’m allowed to list them here) I hate my self so much it hurts but I know that if I do I would leave my younger brother and sister without a brother and that tears at my heart that I could feel so selfish but I feel like I’ve done everything I’ve wanted to do.

I feel like there’s nothing there left to keep my life flowing down the river of time and it’s now just a pointless struggle to exist everyday It might sound weird but feel so sad when I eat or drink anything or when I even walk or lay down I feel like I’ve killed something that my eyes cannot even see like I’m taking something away from the universe by even being alive.

I’ve seen others posts and feel like I can finally unbottle these feelings I’ve had for awhile I could never express, I always have had to have bottled up, feeling like I could explode and collapse in tears.

I’ve always tried to keep to myself afraid to hurt someone’s feelings by saying the wrong thing or inadvertently being the thing something that would lead to someone being hurt. I’m honestly not sure how long I can keep on day after day just drifting... before I try ending myself again. I’m not looking for friends or pity just needed to write this to see if it helps.