Not currently suicidal but used to be. About to turn 30 and in desperate need of advice...Hi, so I originally posted this on r/advice but it never appeared publicly so I came here instead. I’m guessing because it mentions how I used to be suicidal? Anyways, I really would like to give this another shot.

[Warning] This is my first time posting and I apologize in advice if it isn’t a very good post or if the wrong subreddit. I will do my best to keep this brief and interesting.

I [29F] am happily married to my husband [30M] of 11 years and a proud mother of a soon to be 10 year old. In about 7 months, I will be turning 30 years old, which I am having an incredibly difficult time coming to terms with for some reason.

Life has been interesting for me. I have been fortunate enough to be able to travel from Disney World to an all expense paid cruise to the Mediterranean. At the same time, I have been through hell with mental and physical abuse to the extent of almost committing suicide at 11 years old and being put in a mental institution.

As of currently, I am working as a shift manager at a McDonald’s. I have been successful enough at my job to be able to finally afford a place of my own after living with my in laws for 9 years of my life.

What I am struggling with is how to proceed with this new chapter. I have not formed many friendships other than my husband. I currently resent my mom for being absent the past 20 years of my life and only meeting my son once. I currently resent my dad for putting me in a mental institution at 11 years old for having suicidal thoughts, sending me to live with my grandparents in Georgia when I failed fifth grade, and kicking me out of the house when I secretly got married at 18 even though I was severely depressed at the time and marrying my now husband is what kept me going. I resent my sister for the horrible things she would tell me as as young teen and the self esteem issues I suffer because of it.

My point is I am trying to figure out how to move forward. Some of you may suggest therapy, but that is currently out of my financial range. I so desperately want to move forward with my life and learn how to make connections with people. I see other moms making friendships while I am still very shy and awkward because of my confidence issues. I am hoping maybe someone else has or is going through a similar issue. I know I am growing as a person but feel as though something is still holding me back and would hate for that to prevent me from moving forward career wise. Even posting this is a HUGE step for me. PLEASE any advice and/or criticism is welcome.

P.S. In an effort to keep this post from getting too long, I have left out a great deal of details. I am more than willing to answer any questions if necessary.