A month to liveNext Friday I start school as a senior and while this would normally have someone excited or at least relieved it is their last year, I'm dreading it. I guess it's normal to dread going back to school, but I don't think everyone is feeling the same dread as me. 
A little backstory from last year is that I tried to drop out so I could finish classes online, but I live in Illinois so online classes don't even fucking exist. I tried to drop out because there was a girl always picking on me and I almost got into a fist fight with her, I hate everyone, (That's not exaggerating, I only like about 10% or less of the people in my entire school) I'm too stressed out, I already have some mental issues I need to resolve, I'm trying to find someone that will love me when I can't even love myself, and I'm sick of all the rumors about people. Maybe it doesn't seem thay serious because most things listed happen at almost every school, but maybe I have a weaker mind or something because I almost killed myself. 
I tried to ask my friends for help/ideas of what to do and they told me, "You only have one year left just suck it up." "Drop out? Are you stupid?" Dropping out would only cause you more problems." "Everyone feels like that, get over it." "Life's hard, you'll get used to it." There's plenty of other things, but it's basically all the same. 
So, I told my friends I wanted to die and they told me to suck it up because life is hard and that's just the way it is. What's the point of me getting an education if I don't live long enough to make use of it? Am I surrounded by idiots or am I the idiot? I don't know! I'm so angry and I'm suicidal all the time now and I can't do anything about it because nobody is taking me seriously! I told my older sister (who is currently 20) that I thought I needed to see a psychologist or a doctor or something because I'm having a hard time and she told me it's a female thing. She literally said all girls feel the same way I do because it's a hormonal thing. 
I'm giving myself about a month to live because this is ridiculous and nobody seems to actually fucking care for my well being. You would think I'd know what's beat for me, but whatever. 