Suicidal thoughts, experiences, and other contemplations.\-1. I've posted this under a different title in r/venting too. Not sure if it's relevant to mention that.  


0. I'm planning on posting this un-anonymously to my Facebook feed. This post is being made in preparation for that.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm expecting a lot of people who respond to this to suggest seeing a therapist or a doctor. I believe these types of people (therapists, doctors, etc.) will only encourage me to sink further down into the world that seems to be supporting the life of the problems I seek to kill forever. I also do not believe these people actually want to help anyone, and only want to create honeypot/money-tree, eternal-patients. Change my mind with irrefutable evidence, please.

&amp;#x200B;

I have been contemplating suicide for years now. I've ideated plans involving pills, jumping off of buildings and other tall objects (in one instance ending up on top of one, and feeling no urge to jump), and now suicide by multiple gunshots, namely, one to the chest, hopefully piercing my heart, and one to the head following that, shooting myself in the heart to inflict a fatal wound that I could potentially muster some amount of effort to double the fatalness via a second shot to the head. This would be accomplished by calmly a cheerfully accompanying my brother to a shooting range such as he frequents with his girlfriend's father and her, and by telling her father that I'd like to shoot this time (following up on me turning down his previous offer to let me shoot some during my first visit to the range). I'm sleep-deprived and have been drinking way too many caffeinated drinks daily for way too long to get much needed good rest that I need, tonight. Through the processes of introspection, contemplation, meditation, psychedelic experiences, etc., I've been able to identify a pattern in all of this, namely that these kinds of thoughts occur more often when I am sleep deprived. I tell myself that I end up feeling this way because I feel trapped in a cycle of sacrificing time to employers for survival, sacrificing energy to things I do not care about at all, losing the precious time I have in this life to do what I truly care about doing and would willingly do as much as I physically can, every day, were I able to forget about performing actions to trade for menial income from employers who have no empathy and no reason to care enough to help materially free me from these cycles, partially because they have probably been caught in the same sorts of cycles themselves for very long times.  


I could theoretically kick caffeine tomorrow, but do not want to, because I am obsessed with achieving lifelong material abundance as quickly as possible. I have thoroughly convinced myself through much introspection, daydreaming, journaling, experience (normal, meditative, and psychedelic), etc., that the only way to solve the problems through doing so, through performing some sort of master-stroke of an action that nets me all of the exchange power (money) I will ever need for literally everything I will do in this life. So, I feel like I cannot let up even for a single day to rest, and this feeling has expanded into feeling like I'd rather just never participate in any holidays, birthdays, or any other sort of cultural/national even of the like, because participation in such things disrupts my workflow, which is suboptimal. It's even gotten to the point where I have imagined breaking up with my loving and intelligent and wonderful significant other, and have contemplated that I might only be staying with her for potential future material gains and minor present benefits. tldr; I have convinced myself that having all the money and resources in the world, RIGHT NOW, is the only way I can solve my problems for good, and I continually attempt to actualize that moment, producing a track-record of continually failing.  


And if I didn't already say it, on top of all of that, it feels like no one cares. I feel like empathy is a worthless emotion until some kind of material help has been actualized in reaction to that empathy. Or in other words, I don't need your pity or your empathy, I need your goddamn money. Right now. I've even been contemplating conversations with employers and interviewers where I lay all this out on the table for them, for example, "I don't give a damn about your business, I am just here to perform actions in exchange for your cash, and if I could, I would liquidate your entire business right now and take all of the profits for myself. So, fucking hire me, train me to do the highest paying jobs in your place, and let me finish those jobs faster and more effectively than anyone you have ever known, NOW, so I can fucking leave this hellhole of a probably environmentally destructive institution, please." And on top of all of that, even I have begun to stop caring about the things I once thought I cared about, especially the moral imperatives presented by climate change and environmental destruction. I find myself slipping further and further into daydreams about prominent figures in cross-hairs and extreme accelerationist activities that softly speed the world into the destruction it is already headed for.. And the best I can contemplate doing when I feel this way is to aggressively make everyone's lives I can less enjoyable by transferring my plight and "negative" viewpoints and emotions and experiences and crises onto as many people as I can, because if someone else is in crisis then no one should be able to live a happy life until no one is in crisis. And even furthermore, I feel like I can't talk to anyone close to me about any of this, and that I'm probably likely to get my IP flagged (if it already hasn't been) by prominent authorities. The list goes on and on and on.   


Please someone help me.