Dear AllI've been following this page for about a month. I'm not sure if I followed it due to the fact I deal with my own suicidal thoughts or if subconsciously I enjoy reading suicide messages in some sick, twisted masochistic manner.

I don't usually vent to my friends about anything that goes on in my head, the only person that knows about my suicidal thoughts is my ex-girlfriend. I don't share these thoughts with people because I don't want them to assume that I'm overreacting and that I'm attention seeking, I don't want them (ones that care) to worry and also I tend to be the person that people approach for help and advice so I like to lead as example and appear to be strong in order to inspire/motivate them.

Sometimes I don't even need to be sad to feel this way, sometimes I just get tired of my own existence, sometimes I just want it to end so I don't need to put in anymore effort. I never act on these thoughts and I don't think I ever will so I'm okay, but I thought to myself today; what if the people around us feel like this and are not comfortable to share these feelings with us?

Too many people suffer in silence due to the fear of being ridiculed.

I know a lot of the people here suffer with their own problems but today I would like you to take time out of your day to message your friends/family and ask them how they are and if they're okay. Message the ones that show signs of depression and also message the ones that seem happy; the ones that appear to have everything figured out. Make plans, ask them to go out, if it's obvious that they feel too sad (or uncomfortable) to go out then work around that and make plans at your house or their house. Prepare them a meal, do anything to take their mind off their issues; do anything that might give them purpose.

I don't even know why I'm still writing this and if this will actually help anyone but I would like to see people act on this and assist their friends/family before it's too late.

If you're not fortunate enough to be surrounded by people then perhaps even chat to a stranger at a bus stop or something, compliment them on their shoes or other attire; things like that can get stuck in someone's head for a full day and make them feel better.

If your friends/family feel suicidal please DON'T say something cliche like "imagine how your family will feel if you commit suicide". Guilt tripping them out of suicide won't work and even the smallest bit of guilt is capable of killing a person. Show the people around you that there's more to life, don't show them by telling them; instead lead as example and prove to them that life is worth living. We are all we have and if we're not there for each other then no one else will be.

I've seen a lot of good supportive people on here and I always enjoy reading your comments, the fact that there are people that take the time out of their day to try and talk a stranger on the internet out of suicide regains my faith in humanity.

I don't know how many people will read this or if it's even articulate enough for the message to be received properly but I'm posting it anyway.

One love!