Losing everything that mattersI’ve been unhappy for a long time. I’ve never been “well” ever. I grew up in a pretty bad home situation and my young adult life had other traumatic experiences I was never able to deal with . I met someone, and felt like I had a shot at a normal life, normal relationship, normal family, normal job. We have a beautiful flat in a quiet neighbourhood that we put a lot of time into decorating together. Shopping for groceries together and cooking meals together and looking at dogs and houses with fences for dogs. I didn’t have a real meltdown for 3 years. Everything I wanted-stability, normal.

Hes left to his parents. He’s tired of me being too emotional and not making as much salary as he does. I lack ambition.  


I need to be out of our place in a couple weeks. I don’t have family or friends to fall back on. I’m losing his family too. I’m supposed to start at a new job too so there won’t be a paycheque for 4 weeks. I have a lot o debt, and I can’t afford more than half a rent alone. I don’t have enough to cover a new lease anyway even with roommates. I’m terrified of living with a stranger. I’m terrified of going to a shelter.  I looked at one place that had a shared bathroom and there was black stuff all over the floor and it was still too expensive for me.  he won’t speak to me on the phone, I’ve been living in our place by myself. He’s taking our cat, Which really hurts because I’ve had her for 8 years and she’s probably the only being who still loves me but it’s not fair to her if I can’t provide adequate food and home.

Thursday night he had me sent to psych emerg. They showed up with 3 police cars and all the neighbours came outside and then I had to sit and cry in a public hall way because there were no beds and they told me if I ran away I’d be arrested, it was completely humiliating.

When I got out on Friday night I realized he did it so that I’d be out of the house so he could come pick up more of his things. I’ve been taking sleeping pills since that and only get up for the bathroom. 


I don’t understand how you can love someone for three years and build a life together and then cancel it.


I just don’t see a way out of this. The public mental health options weren’t helpful.  I’m scared of death but my life feels like a mean joke right now and I don’t see how it can improve. 

I’m sorry the post is long . I might delete it later I don’t know 