I really want to do it, but I know there’s another way2 years ago I finished first year university, I had a girlfriend of almost 2 years, just made the dean’s list at my university, and was on the best workout routine I’ve ever been in and was a jacked as I’ve been so far. Then that September hit, I’ve smoked cannabis every day except for 3 days since then. Usually in the evening before bed, but at some points 3-4 times a day. My motivation deteriorated and so did my mental health. Kept taking it out on my girlfriend unfairly justifying I didn’t have enough time for everything. My marks have slowly gone down but 2nd year I still made it on the deans list. Last year I was starting my classes for my designated major accounting... and this is where my mental health started slumping into more depression than just being depressed sometimes. I hate the work now, it feels tedious and not something I can do forever. I’m in my 4th year and barely passing classes, I’ll be lucky to get a job after I graduate. Just dropped a class due to being some damn far behind and my graduation will be delayed another semester. Not to mention my girlfriend dumped be a week before quarantine started in March. Continues to say I was emotionally abusive, I know I was, I’ll take that blame, but she wasn’t perfect either. These days I cant get out of bed before noon, and spend half my day watching TV and surfing the internet, the other half panic studying. I don’t know what to do, this isn’t what I expected adulthood to be. I thought I’d find a fulfilling job that allowed me to be creative or work in athletics (was a multi sport athlete at the highest levels in my city during high school). But here I am, in June I would’ve graduated 4 years ago, I weigh less than I did in high school weighing 155 pounds at 6’2”, used to weigh 190 with 8% body fat after 1st year university. Other than kill myself, what should I do? I need some advice because I hate the way I’m living my life with no self discipline being lazy as shit.

Sorry for formatting as I typed on my phone, big thanks to anyone who took the time to read this book.