Planning on going through with it tonight, no backing out this time I'm beyond sick and tired of living like this. I want this all to come to an end. What's the point of hanging on when nobody even ur family cares about u? My whole life I've been both physically and verbally abused by my parents. I didn't even have a proper childhood, I spent most of my childhood in my room bc that's where I felt the safest. I have vivid memories of my dad coming home drunk and beating me til I was gasping for air. Those memories still haunt me to this day and what keeps me awake at night. I don't think ill ever truly recover from that trauma. 

On top of that I have no friends. nada. Maybe a few acquaintances but they make it very clear they can't stand talking to me, so I just leave them be. Also I fucking when ppl dismiss my problems and act like I'm making this up. I really wish I was so I didn't have to live through that nightmare. whenever somebody shares their story whether it's about sexual assault, abuse, depression, drug/ alcohol abuse etc, people automatically think they're making that shit up for attention/ want people to feel sorry for them. That's not always the case tho,  Which is why a lot of people are afraid of sharing their story bc of ignorant people like that. 

I'm almost finished with high school yet I barely made friends or went to parties. I can't help but to feel jealous When some people don't gotta work a day in their life and get everything handed to them on a silver platter.  I have to work harder than everybody else to get where I want to be in life as I'm a WOC, This puts me at a disadvantage at life. Honestly this post is all over the place and nothing I'm writing is making any sense. I'm writing this on my bathroom floor crying uncontrollably contemplating what my next move will be. 

It's 4 pm rn and I spent the whole day like this, it's pathetic af to say the least. I'm ready to just give up altogether. I'm planning on actually doing it tonight and I'm not going to back out this time. I heard ODing on alcohol is the least painful way to go, hopefully that's true. Ill finally be free of this horrible ass life. I know absolutely nobody is going to read this shit, so what the point in wasting my time writing this? I guess it helps getting if off my chest idk. I won't be leaving behind much and I'm sure my death would be a wish come true to others. I only have a few hours left so i'm guess I'm done writing here.