I guess this is a cry for help.When it comes to depression everybody deals with it a little different. I'm one of those types that likes to isolate. Deal with things myself. I don't usually cry for help, don't like to be comforted, that whole deal. Today is a little different. 

I've been suicidally depressed for 8 years now. 2 genuine attempts that only failed due to medical intervention. 1 more attempt that I abandoned halfway through. 

I apologize for the lack of structure in my post. My head is spinning right now and I'm finding it hard to think straight. I'll just get to the point. 

I'm on a beach right now. A vacation. Supposed to be a little relief from the stresses of "the real world". 

The thing is, I'm looking out at the ocean and I have a desperate desire to swim out as far as I can and just let the waves take me. It's pitch black, decently windy, and I know I have it in me. I know I do. I'm entirely capable of...walking into the water never to be seen again. (Does that count as explicitly mentioning methods? I can remove this paragraph if it violates any rules). 

I...I'm scared that's what I'll do. I'm in a bad place right now. I won't go into the specifics of what happened today that led to this little meltdown, but I'm in a really bad place. 

I don't know where else to turn. I don't have any friends. My family are...trying, but they don't get it. I can't turn to them for help. 

I just...I'm sitting here and it really is taking everything I have not to give up. There's still that tiny voice inside my head begging me to keep fighting, but I can feel it growing fainter. 

I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. 

I've been sitting here with this typed up for 20 minutes now, trying to will myself to post it. I don't know what I'm expecting. I can't think of anything anyone can say that will help. I just don't know where else to turn, and I...I don't want to die. I feel like I have to, but I really don't want to. 

Can...can someone just tell me it'll be okay? That I'll wake up tomorrow and...won't feel the need to die. Lie to me if you have to, I just need to hear something. I'm sorry. Please, somebody help me. I'm sorry. 