I don't know anymore.I just feel the need to write down some things if/before I do anything stupid.

So, I'm only 18 but I guess age is nothing when it comes to sadness and depression. 
I'm pretty sure that I have been depressed for at least 5 years, never had gone to psychologist or psychiatrist so I have never been diagnosed. I won't get too much in to the details about how it started. All I'm gonna say about that is that in 6th-7th grade all my friends turned against me for no apparent reason and my best friend started ignoring me and then I was bullied. And then I was ignored by everyone. Didn't have even one friend for 2-3 years. Since then I've had bad time making friends but I get really emotionally attached to strangers who show slightest bit of likeliness towards me. And I have screwed up my relationship with my family and it hurts me. They do care about me but I feel so distant from them. I don't want to hurt them.
The closest I've ever come to suicide was when I was 14. But at the last moment I thought that jumping out of 5th floor probably wouldn't do it and I realized that I have my family too. And then I guess now the suicide thoughts have returned again. I've talked to Samaritans and that helped at first. But now I don't have a solid reason for ending my life. I'm just tired of everything. What am I going to tell them " I'm tired" and when they'll ask ''tell e more about this'' I just won't have anything to tell.
So I guess I could write a little bit more about my situation - my relationships are crumbling. I just got dumped by my boyfriend not too long ago, for summer he went to Iceland to work and I went to the states and I guess that's why. But he did it in a pretty shitty way. He ignored me for weeks. And then when I needed him he said "You need help. I can't give you that. We're done." So that broke me. We had been dating for 8 moths. And then I met this guy on Tinder. I was supposed to stay in the sates until August but I got sent back to Latvia because I got in an argument with relative. So I couldn't spend more than a week with this guy.And as I said before, I get really attached really quickly as soon as someone just compliments me and likes me. (That's probably because I was ignored for so long in my past and now any kind of attention feels good.) So now the guy's like ''I like you a lot but we'll never be anything. it's impossible. But i want to continue talking with you and I care about you" I mean. I knew that was going to happen.
 I know that every time when I'm somewhat happy I'm gonna get hurt and sad again. So I don't know how much longer I can take that. There hasn't been one time in these 5 years where I've stayed happy for more than few weeks. Maybe there has been very few exceptions but I can't remember that. I feel like I'm just bothering people and whenever someone is slightest bit interested in me I scare them away with wanting to talk with them too much. And that's because I literally have noone to talk to. As i said I feel distant with my family and my only friends are that one bestfriend who ignored me but she says that she regrets that. And another friend but we talk only once in a blue moon. And I guess that guy. But I'm pretty sure I just, at this moment, fuc*ed it up with him too. So back to two friends with whom I talk once a week or once a moth. 
I'm really hoping that life will get better. But I just don't believe that it will. I think I've messed up too much.  

I guess I'm writing this to maybe find people who feel similar way? I really don't know. If you have any questions - feel free to ask. I don't know.