Every dayi waste these years and months and weeks away, doing nothing and thinking about nothing in particular. Everyday is the same, there is hardly anything i have the energy to be interested in anymore, and at the end of each day i can only think about dying. 

In the past, i had things i looked forward to, with the hope that someday i will get better to the point where i am enjoying my life and do not think about ending it. The arts were my passion, and i wanted to work hard to become an illustrator and share my ideas and emotions and thoughts with others. I loved the little things, and the little things often touched me to tears and i felt inspiration and hope each time i found that bit of happiness or beauty in an otherwise living hell.

But in those years i couldn't even work towards what i dreamed of. There was so much i wanted to do, instead I just slept my days away because i was so tired, i was so damn tired just from doing nothing. just from existing. For years I couldn't make art, i couldn't write, and my imagination has died out, now nothing makes me feel inspired or touched to where i want to cry. I can hardly cry out of sadness either, even if i want to. Not even listening to music feels right. I used to love lying down and closing my eyes just listening to music, there were many ambient songs that made me cry or start stories in my head, the music sounded so hopeful and beautiful. Everything sounds the same or it's more like a chore to listen to anything now, and that goes for everything i used to enjoy. I do not let myself enjoy anything anymore, because i know it will be shortlived each time. 

Every year i only became emptier and emptier and im so depressed i can't put it into enough words at the moment or ever. I'm so depressed it has affected everything i do or say or think or feel or see or experience, all the components that should make a life worth living. any hope i once had is now completely absent, all i want anymore is to die, that's all i want when it comes to my life in this godforsaken world. Life will always feel bleak and miserable and i will remain jaded, even where there may be good days or moments, even if i do ever manage to become the artist i wanted to be or do the things i wanted to do.

several years ago i denied that i am depressed, i cant be depressed, how can i be depressed? Then it got worse and worse, up to this day where i know i am just so severely depressed that i end up feeling empty more than anything else. no matter what you tell me, i know it will always be this way. for as long as i live, there will always be that feeling of emptiness and hopelessness and despair with a plea to not exist anymore. I wish I were still depressed and inspired at least, instead of depressed and empty inside. It's the kind of sadness that i know will never completely disappear, and the thought of living with that is killing me everyday that i am still here.