I'm tired of everythingI was conceived by accident and well, abortion is illegal in my birth country which meant my mom couldn't just get rid of me, I caused her a lot of stress, she had me when she was in college and barely ate I could survive. My father left me though I still visited him, years passed and he became a shittier person to me. All my life I was bullied but one of the worst years was when I was in 5th grade, absolutely everyone from 4th-6th grade bullied me talked shit about me and all that fun stuff, I only had like 3 actual friends, that year I got my first ever "A" I was always a bad student and I was really proud of what I accomplished so when the summer came I told my dad about it (for a little bit of context my grandma was the principal of the school) he told me my grandma paid the teacher so I would get that grade, the feeling was horrendous.

Like I said I've always been a shitty student specially in most recent years, my stepdad my mom, all of my family and friends know this, I have nothing to be proud of, my mom is the closest person to me and willingly pushing her back because she thinks I could be successful but I know deep down that she's way smarter than that, she knows that I'm an absolute failuere, I'm way beyond the saving point and I will not graduate from high school.

I was a really social person when I was little but that changed overtime the more bullied I was, the more shit people talk behind, and the more I realized I wasn't liked by anyone, people take advantage of me, and I have very little friends and I can't seem to be making more thanks to my social anxiety and non existent skills.

I have hurt many people in my life too, I was such a shitty person to my ex and I wish I could take everything I said back, she was such a lovely person and I was an absolute asshole who did not know how to deal with his own shit.

The only thing that helps me cope with my depression and stress is playing videogames or watching netflix, I don't do homework because it just gives me flashbacks of that time where my parents would beat me to do it and yell at me for being such a fucking failure in everything, school work, sports, everything.

I've tried to develop hobbies and learn new things but just when I'm about to make something that could actually improve my life and my mental state the schools sends an email with all my F's and then my parents come into my room with that face that makes you wanna cry everytime because you know you won't get that little piece of paper that says that you're an actual member of society, and then you stop doing what you like because you just can't find any reason to continue doing it, its pointless, I feel miserable.

I've set a literal deadline for my self, once I turn 18 I will end it all but depending on how my life goes I'm gonna decrease that deadline so it happens sooner, I don't really see myself living beyond that point, existance is shitty, our world is shitty, and the entire universe is shitty.

I'm gonna be honest, writing this post made me feel a bit better, and I wish I could put all the problems I have here but I don't have too much time. I have to "do" my homework.