Good time to off self?

Has anybody actually felt satisfied or unsatisfied with life that they found that ending their life would be the absolute best option for you and everybody else? 

Stupid question, but I feel like I am almost there. 

Every time I feel like I want to kill myself, I think about the aftermath. "What would my parents think?" ... since they had no idea that I was/am depressed (and have been for most of my life). You would think they would have noticed... especially during my high school years where it was evident, but I can fool them now with my fucking 24/7 chipmunk grin :) 

Anyway, why now has been better than previous years: 
1. I actually think I may be suicidal now. Before, I was fucking depressed and a cutter, but I don't think I ever wanted to actually end my life. I still think I don't, but the feelings and thoughts are definitely getting stronger. 
2. I finally fucking graduated :D Yay! This is an accomplishment more so for my father than myself, since education is *extremely* important to him. I always thought he was ashamed of me, since I dropped out of high school years back. I almost OD'd back in college, and the only think I could think of "What would my parents think?" and "Man, so close to graduating... and I couldn't even do that" It reminded me of when I dropped out of high school when I was two classes away from graduating. (i havent gotten the official emails, or diploma yet, but it soon. this is one of the accomplishments i want to complete.)
3. I feel like I have my mother's blessing now. My brother told my mom that he was going to kill himself, and she said that she wouldn't cry because she knows that if he kills himself that is what he wanted. Strange thing to say. My mom has always encouraged the suicide of my brothers. Don't get her or me wrong, she's the best! :D 
4. My brother is back on crack. I hate that shit! He has always been my best friend until he starts to use... then I lose him until he gets out of prison again, and is back to sobriety, but that never lasts more than a month or two. 
5. My second brother: He has a wife, a son, and two twins. He recently got out of prison, and he seems to have made positive changes in his life. No more sells and no more using (maybe just pot) even during the rough times. If I kill myself, he has a bunch of people to live for. Also, he knows that I am depressed and am trying to seek help... so he won't be surprised if something happens. 
6. oh, and my only friend in the fucking world hates me. i have never even had a good romanticrelationship , i will be forever alone, so why fucking live?

if my parents were dead, id off myself in an instant. at this moment, they are the ones keeping me alive. i dont have the heart to end it bcuz of them. i wish i died in an accident… then they wont feel so bad.

Cymbalta is right... DEPRESSION HURTS! :'( 