I don't want to live my life if I can't be happy being gay. I want to forfeit.I've struggled with this for 20 years, and don't see how I can continue on "going through the motions" while being dysfunctional and miserable. I'm reluctant to apply myself or invest into the future or long term plans. I've never been in a relationship, but have already been burnt by hooking up (HIV poz, one of only 3 times I wasn't safe). I'd rather cut my losses. It doesn't "get better". I don't want to be alternative/deviant/outcast/abnormal/reject or in other words queer.

I come off as lazy, though I'm accomplished when I apply myself, and in reality rather than lazy it's a constant nagging persistent pervasive feeling of being demotivated by the thought of any conceivable future as who I am.

I'm a hopeless romantic and would love to be head over heels with a beautiful wife and build a life together committed to each other, proud to be wedded to her. I can't see that happening with who I desire sexually, which seems to be straight boys. I recognize this is a problem. I think I want a macho guy to show me the way and I'm attracted to guys more masculine than I am. I think this is rooted in wanting to be able to have a paramour secret romance and come off as nothing more than good friends, not detected as a homosexual couple because one or both are flamboyant or ping the gaydar. I also am dissatisfied with myself and living up to what a woman who could have any man would desire. I feel there are more guys "I'd go gay for" than compatible girls I get along with that I'd "go straight for".

I've had a turbulent lonely life, dropped out after 1 year of college, in a few years I will be past my prime, and working in poverty drowning in debt while resenting my sexuality doesn't make me want to get out of bed and work towards that future. Existing isn't living. I can't see myself being happy and Out.

Idk if this is just me talking to myself or if anyone can help.
Tl;dr I'm at rock bottom mentally financially spiritually familially socially and other than a miracle soulmate or non sexual sugar daddy I can't see any light down the tunnel.