My sister in law attempted suicide last month.... Please help me what shall my family do so that it doesnt happen againMy brother was married in dec '17. We live in India, so it was an arranged-then loveish marriage. My brother works a job which requires him to live in different parts of the country,so naturally they both live away from us. 

Last month,they both went to a holiday destination with my sister-in-law's friend and her husband. Her friend always abused her husband,always fights and whatnot. They always say they will get divorced but always lives together.   
Her husband is also a  big lunatic. So,as usual they both were fighting in the resort, and my SIL(sister in law) tried to console them. She,my SIL, also has a weird personality.She gets influenced easily by her friend and then slaps and abuses my brother. When this first occurred in the resort, my brother slapped her when she didn't stay put and started tearing her clothes. Then, he said, if u want to fight, lets go home and resolve there, that he doesn't want to create a scene there.

My SIL was always roaming everywhere with her friend and so eventually, my brother and the other guy were always together. So , my SIL was was infuriated at my brother because he would not  give her attention time and went out with that Bastard. She again abused my bro and the other guy. 

Next day,in he morning, she fought again with my brother and ran to the shore. So,my brother ran to "save her" as waves were high and it was raining due to a tropical storm.Eventually all four of them were there on the beach and she hurled abuses on her friend's husband and he then did the same.She then slapped that guy and he also slapped her 2-3 times. My brother didn't interfere in between as she was at fault. They, then came in the room,and fight broke out between my bro and her.Her friend came and acted like kerosene. After an hour they again had a big fight and she again started tearing all her clothes my brother had gifted her. She claimed that my brother should have smacked the other guy's ass .That He didn't favor her and didn't take her side. In that instant, she jumped from the 2nd floor of  the resort. My brother rushed her and grabbed her hands but lost the grip. Somehow, she landed on the railing of 1st floor and then fell to ground floor.

Ambulance came and she was admitted. She didn't spoke to my brother properly for 4 days and always asked for divorce.He always said that lets go home and we will get it done.

Her 8th and 12th vertebrae column got compressed and her ankle broke into pieces. It was like she had a complete mental breakdown. She would cry at one instant,then said i wont leave you,The next moment she wanted divorce.

Her so called best friend attacked my brother verbally that he was such a loser. He was under control and didn't say much fearing the consequences. Both , her friend and her husband left that place and took a flight back home. My brother somehow, toiled her back in a train as doctor had advised complete bed rest to her and didn't permit them to use plane. Also,a complaint to police was made by the hospital for further investigations but it was disposed as they said to everyone that she fell from the stairs.

Later, she had her leg surgery and doctor has now advised her complete bed rest for a least 3 months to let her back heal. She has extreme pain where she is sat down straight.

Now, a bit about my SIL. She has done her graduation 5 years earlier and didn't pursue studies listening to her best friend. Instead she started preparing for a competitive exam and failed.She has the problem of epilepsy and is currently has ongoing medicine but no improvement is visible. She has seizures once around every 2 months approx.

She doesn't watch a single movie,tv show, has no hobby,nor does like to read,travel,etc. She,after marriage had made my brother the center of her world. Its like she was obsessed with him.

But the most importing thing for her is how other people think of her. After that incident,she told my brother to not tell what she has done and about her injury to anyone. But he did tell us. My mother got angry and sad and told her mother. SIL fought with my brother why we told her mother,that she has a heart condition and watnot.

Earlier, she also threatened my brother that she would slit her wrist as he didn't celebrate her birthday in the mall. My brother was busy that day and didn't have a single second free and offered that they both will go out next day.

As of now she is doing a 2 year course my father suggested she should do. We got her enrolled earlier this year. She completely hated this course as it was a teaching job and was not "AS WELL REPUTED" as other govt jobs for which "she failed to qualify for".

My family has decided to start her psycho therapy as soon as she gets better to cure her depression.

Today,a causal conversation was going on and I asked her to rethink about what she did and how it could have ended badly than it is now.I told her never to forget the intensity of this situation. How shw could have died,or had paralysis or other dire consequences and how my brother could go to jail and all such things.

I told her to stop caring about what other people think of her and dont let anyone else come between you two people and influence you.

She still blames it was my brothers fault that he didn't favor her,and her bitch friend who brainwashed her mind.

She do not not accept her fault.

When, I said ,if some similar fight happens between the two of you, would you do it again.

She said NO. I asked her why not. She replied,"IT HURT TOO MUCH THIS TIME AND I CANT IMAGINE HURTING MY BODY AS YOU KNOW I LOVE MY BODY SO MUCH". She is the one who stops eating,if she finds 1 gm of her  weight increased.She always go to gym one and maintains her her hair and personality to show off  to everyone. She want to be always right and think good about her. 

&amp;#x200B;

This answer of her worries me so much and I am thinking about it for the past 2 hours and hence, writing this here so as to gain a few insight of what my family should do next. I am worried for her and  my brother. 

&amp;#x200B;

Please bear with my english and other grammatical mistakes