One big mistake ends it allDear all,

I like to share with you my current feelings, as a way to vent everything that rages through my head.

Thuesday last week I had my last working day before a long planned holiday to Japan. That evening I became very tired and my temperature rose to 37.8. I went to bed early, my temperature rose a bit during the night but came back to 37.8 the next morning. I was thinking of postponing my departure, but my roommate pushed me to go. I said I didn't want to expose people to myself and perhaps pass a virus. But to be sure I called the airline company, which noted I should contact my GP. I called the GP and on the basis of having no phyiscal complaints as coughing and sneezing, I could fly. So I decided to go and take it easy in the first days. I was thinking it could be a mild cold as I had a blocked nose for days and my body was tired due to end of stressfull period at work. I think I just agreed also based on my stress level which couldn't make me think clear. I really should have called my parents for advice but didn't.

So in Japan I gradually started to show flu symptoms, although overall I felt OK during the day. Not that flu sick as could be expected during the day but more at night. However now I realized if I did turn out to have a flu, which I'm 99% sure off, I could have passed that through travellers inside the airplane. A study from 2011 shows passengers are 10% more vonuerable for virusses than outside. I went to a hospital for an Influenza test. It showed to be negative but I read that these swab tests are only 60% reliable according to the FDA.

I'm positive that I have had the flu, and don't know what in the hell I was thinking to board a plane. Im stuck here in hotel rooms and have exposed other people to a potential lethal disease. The WHO notes that annually ca. 500.000 people die from flu (related) infection, with an attack rate of 5-10% of the population. This brings me to the following max average mortality calculation:
7.3 bn population x 5% = 365.000.000 persons get the flu.
500.000 / 365 mln = 0.137%.

Although I did not cough or sneeze, the flu is also transmittable by breath. Lets presume I've infected 6 persons. Than there is about 1% chance I'm going to be responsible for someones death.

I'm usually a very responsible person and the thought of being responsible for someones death is unbearable to me. I can't live my life with the idea I might have killed someone. I'll never find out because I don't know whether and whom I might have infected. This is a burden that will never be released. I'm in so much regret to get on that plane, I have a miserable time here and my life is ruined. I want to end my life, even with the following reasons not to:
- I'm a Bhuddist and therefore suicide is negative karma (you hurt others and unpleasant way of exiting this life). I'll have a lower rebirth in the next life;
- I love my mother and know she will be devastated for many many years;
- I can't see my little niece and nephew grow up.

I tried to slow hang myself and wrote goodbye letters for my family. I couldn't puss through and stopped before getting unconsious. That was a few days ago when I had major panic attacks. I calmed down a bit and talked to my dad yesterday, although I did not mention my mental state only that I regretted to board the plane. He and my mom said I should just relax. I also talked to a friend, which was comforting. However, I lost it again when I think about my future. Ofcourse they say that I should take it easy but they don't have to carry the burden of being a murderer. I did start eating and drinking again as my backup plan was suicide by dehadration, which would be by that time in Tokio where I've booked a hotelroom for a week so I've all the time to die slowly.

I made a stupid choice and my life will never be the same again. I acted unresponsible and must pay for my sin. Im in so much regret but cant turn back the time. Maybe someone will die because of my ignorance, the chance will haunt me for the rest of my life. I prefer to end it here in Japan, why waste the time. I bought a rope today. Or I could wait till I'm back home which will be easier re my body and I could minimize the burden for my parents.

I had a good life with everything I could wish for. Now I messed it up and it will never be the same. What was supposed to be a fun holiday is the end of my 34 years of life. No perspective as I should repent the stupid life threatening decisions I've made. What have I done? Its too late now, cant turn back the time. Yes the chance I've killed someone is very low, noted that most Inluenza deaths are seniors. But any chance is too much, a needless risk I've endangered people with. I can't live with that idea and should end my life, its over, finished. The grief is too much. I want to kill myself asap but am afraid that I back out at the last moment or it will be unsuccesfull with potential brain damage. It would be better to do it back home as I can buy better supplies, but then I've to wait 3 more weeks for that. Oh what a mess, I had everything worked out so well but why did I do this. Now im sopping in my hotel room full of thoughts. I feel sorry for my family and friends. Buddhist dharma says I should focus on the future and not the past. That if the result is caused by unintentional harm and you feel sorry, its lowereing the negative karma. I should use this to further make changes to my life and generate good karma by helping others and be a genuine good person. But I can't life with my grief, my stupid mistake, which I need to carry on with me for the rest of my life and can't come to comfort with now because it will always be a question mark how many people have suffered from my action. Thanks for reading, i hope my suffering will end soon.