cancel culture loss of friends and loved onesIn August of last year, I lost nearly all of my friends. A woman I had never slept with had been telling people privately that I had raped her, for about six months, after a new band I was in started to become a bit successful. After the six month mark, a person in “the scene” wrote up a Facebook post calling me a serial rapist. It was liked by hundreds of people, and shared. Ex-partners of mine commented on it saying they were glad someone was standing up for what was right. Others shared it and said “I never liked this guy.” No one involved asked me what was going on. They took it as truth, and a year on now, I haven’t known how to respond. I don’t have a side to the story. I have panic disorder and can barely think about the subject without feeling like I’m having a heart attack. I stopped going to restaurants, to bars, to the grocery store, and everyone stopped talking to me, save a handful of good people. Luckily, I had a partner to keep me company and help me get through it.

Two months ago, my partner broke down in tears while shopping with my mom for furniture for our new home... she said “it’s never going to get better.” referring to my life after being cancelled and losing friends. That I wasn’t doing well mentally. That I was depressed beyond belief and some of my friends that stayed were beginning to leave too, because they were seen as “rape apologists.” It apparently had worn down on her. She had told me before it was difficult to be together because of the accusations. I wasn’t told about their conversation until recently.

My partner and I were engaged. Our new home was still not completely set up but was coming along nicely, and things were looking up for both of us... when... one morning, we got into a small fight about something seemingly trivial... and she just left. I wasn’t expecting it but I don’t blame her. I don’t think she did anything wrong. she left and got a job 1000 miles away that pays quite well, since she’s not had opportunity where I live and work. My fiancé and I broke up for good... That day, I called my job and told them I wouldn’t be in the next day. They seemed understanding, but they fired me a few days later.. so now i don’t have any income. I had made a great deal of plans for our future together

It’s been 49 days since my fiancé left me. I haven’t been speaking to her. I don’t know what to say. Days are running into one another. I stare at the window, I stare at the ceiling fan, I’ve lost interest in most things

I attempted to kill myself once, when I was 19. I’ve struggled with suicidal ideation since I was a kid so it’s not new to me. I know this may just be another low swing. I became worse after a best friend of mine hung himself when I was 23. I’m 26 now. I managed three years without going through with any sort of plans but have still struggled with... how I feel. what I mean is... this isn’t new to me... this being ready, knowing it’s very close to happening

I am with my parents at the moment, I refuse to go back to the home I had with my fiancé... I can’t stand to see it.

There is a loaded pistol in a dresser drawer here. 

I don’t get on the internet much but I stumbled upon this subreddit while googling my circumstances....

I can’t pursue music anymore, or film... even the people I play video games with abandoned me... I’m too afraid to go anywhere because I may see the people that think I’m a terrible human being... I can’t text my old friends and ask them how they’re doing... they think I’m a monster, probably... I don’t feel like a human being anymore. I feel completely discarded by society

I think I am going to kill myself soon... I hope this is not just attention seeking behavior... I hope this is real... I want to die. I want this all to stop. I don’t want to pussy out again and again when I constantly feel that it is necessary. That there is no other way. I want to do it. I don’t know what else to do anymore. Nothing is going to get better. I have to wait for them to get out of the house. Tomorrow morning will be the right time. I have dogs and the sound will hurt their ears, but there are woods behind the house that I can walk deep into, far enough so that it will not hurt their ears. I love my dogs more than anything. I don’t know what to do. They’re better friends than people have been it seems

I needed to write my story before I do it. I don’t want to leave a note for friends and family. I don’t know you people so this is okay. I don’t know you people and you don’t know me. It’s not very sad, really. I hope you all are okay and very well. Please be kind to the people in your life. Please reach out to people and tell them everything is okay. Please try to tell them anything at all.

I’m sorry