i don’t know how i’m going to live.my sweet baby boy/cat is 6 years old. he was diagnosed with cancer, and died today. i’ve had obsidian (cat) for almost 6 years, and is he is the main thing that has kept me from killing myself. i didn’t want him to have to wonder where i went, so i told myself i would kill myself after he died. he was supposed to be a happy, healthy boy and live to be an old man. i took him to the vet er this after noon because he was puking a lot. once the vet took him i waited in my car for 4.5 hours. the vet finally called me and said that it is probably something minimal, but they were still going to do xrays and blood work. they said that i could go home for around 2 hours to pick him up. i got the call and they told me that obsidian has cancer, and that it is serious. they told me that obsidian should probably be put down because he is just living life in pain. they said that i could see him one last time. i drove over there and spent as long as i could with him. the vet came in and asked if i wanted to be with him as he died, or not. i didn’t want to see my baby die, but i didn’t want him to die surrounded by people he is scared of. i felt obsidian go limp. he wasn’t dead. the vet said that they had to take him back to give him more meds so he doesn’t die in pain. he is the sweetest baby ever, the main thing  keeping me from killing myself, and now he is gone. i keep thinking that this whole thing is fake and they are just trying to see how i react. i am trying so hard to believe that obsidian is gone, but i can’t. anytime i try to confront my emotions, i just say no. it’s so empty in the house. i keep calling for obsidian to cuddle, but he doesn’t come. i keep seeing him trying to get into the garage, but he’s not there. i don’t know how i will live. i don’t want to do anything. i just want my baby. everything i do is for him. i have no purpose. i have no aspirations. i have desire to eat or drink. my everything has been taken away. i was other animals walking out of there fine, why couldn’t obsidian? if the cancer is so bad, how did you not notice it 3/4 of a year ago? why didn’t you tell me that it could be cancer? why did he have to die? i would have given my life to him. so why him? he was such a good baby. he is one of the only things that can make me happy. what is the point of living if everything and i you love is either just going to die on you, or live suffering? whatever happens in my life, it is not worth the pain and suffering i have to deal with. all happiness is temporary. i try and distract myself, but everything reminds me of him. i’m not getting rid of any of his things. i want to get another cat because i need obsidian, but i don’t want to replace him. i don’t want to remember what happened, but i want to remember him. i don’t want to know i will never be him again. i need him. i need him. i need him. why does he have to be the one to go? i know that this probably sounds stupid to so many people. i honestly don’t know how to justify this to anyone except myself. i love obsidian more than anything. he helps me calm down when i have panic attacks, when i can’t sleep, when i am so enraged, when i need somebody to talk to, when i need love.