Im going to end myself at the age of 21, todayHello everyone by the time you might  be reading this message, I will be dead. If you are watching CNN or something like that, you'll probably see a teen dead by falling of house. 
I don't understand what I have become in my life.
I honestly am I stupid person and don't deserve to live anymore in my life. I have no friends, no real family supporting me and no one who actually cares about me anymore.

It all started 3 years ago, when I was 15 years old. I was a fine teen just having a fun time with his friends. Then I took a bottle of vodka and drank it. I became drunk, I did super stupid stuff that someone called the police. I wasn't sent to prison or fined, they just told me not to do that again. I was humiliated and bullied at highschool, I was known as the: Gay Drinker. I am not even gay and I had to stick with that name for 2 years. At the end of highschool, I was feeling great because I wasn't going to keep that name anymore, that may have just cured my soon to be depression. I was feeling great and I thought my grades were amazing, but no..... I completely failed highschool and I had to redo a grade, after that I felt way worse. I was on the verge of depression, feeling like a total fucking dumbass. I didn't understand anymore why I did that. My mom was furious and almost threatned to kick me out of the house at just 17. My dad on the other hand was so mad, he sent me to a different school. It was good in my favor because no one would know I failed but my brother told everyone in the school about what I have done in my life. I was humiliated once again, I was feeling terrible. I gratuated college and I was a new freshman. I was starting to make friends and getting back with family. Until I decided that I should move out at the age of 18, like any other average person. I moved out into a small important, I had enough to pay rent. I felt better about my life and I was putting everything in the past. I got a girlfriend and we were happy together. I thought she was the best thing that ever happened to me. Until one day I caught her cheating on my best friend, which made me feel so sad. She didn't see me but I saw her clear, I entered my apartment to see her having sex with my best friend. They didn't see me so I ran outside and cried outside the building. Everything bad just came back to me and I felt sad. Later on my ex girlfriend blamed me of raping her and that my ex best friend saved me. I was confused and I lost more friends until I had nobody. My family was supporting me all the way until my mom divorced with my dad. My dad was cheating and going on websites where people sended nudes to him. He went to bars, got hookers and shit. I later on had no more support from my dad anymore because he decided to kill himself aswell for failing me and my mom. Later on I had no more money to afford rent so I had to move in back with my mom. My mom though had to raise me on my own from now on, my mom wasn't making as much money as my dad did. So we became poor and we had to sell our house to an apartment. I later became to poor to go to College and University and my mom had to teach me school stuff at home. Later on my mom was arrested for stealing and now I was left alone. I had no education, no family , no friends and no one to realise I am here. I am on the verge of being homeless, lonely and dead. I am making this on a library computer and of course I didn't have money for a computer. 
So this is goodbye to everyone who might still care about me. 