Give me an answer guysHey guys. I am a young man from CIS region and I am a little bit lost. 
I have been studying abroad and made a decision to change the country and the subject of my studies. I have done everything,successfully enrolled another university but unfortunately got half of the scholarship that I wanted. My mother was supporting me during the application process,also few of my friends supported me.

When I came home and got all the information I decided to tell my father and an elder brother. My brother was completely disappointed with my decision and told me that he won’t let me ruin my life. Then my mother changed her mind in 1 day,so they told me that studying business is useless, if I can’t finish my current studies,how will i be sure that i can finish my future business degree,that I am weak,a failure and made everyone suffer by being selfish,that they wasted lots of money on me, and people do things that they don’t wanna do,but they are supposed to. My family members have a lot of problems on their own and I think they have even worse problems than i do,but I just wanted to make everything better for my family and myself by doing this
 They said many other horrible things,that I would never say to them,but I understand that.

I was diagnosed with clinical depression but my brother just laughed about it, and I don’t know anymore maybe he was right,i got sick because of my mindset and stupid unrealistic thoughts 

My closest people lost faith in me...

I realize it’s my fault and I didn’t fulfill my parents’ expectations . They don’t understand my point of view anymore. They sent me back to a place I don’t wanna study,be at and I couldn’t do anything but agree. It’s 100% my fault and i was being super selfish when I decided to enroll university in a completely different country, but it was kinda my dream I would say, I planned a lot of things except this one.. 
I feel super bad,I can’t sleep,got a constant headache and I am getting a little crazy even though i am trying to stay strong. I want to disappear but it will leave the worst mark on my family’s life,it will break them completely till the end of their days. I think it’s better for me to 