Can't find a reason to live.I feel completely and utterly useless. I'm told I'm smart and have so much to offer, yet I can't specialize in any one thing. I constantly wonder what I want to do with my life and all I uncover is an empty feeling. It's as if I'm doomed to never do anything at all with what supposed smarts I've been given. I used to love to play sports and goof off with friends, but now I hardly talk to anyone. I thought I'd stick with my group of friends at least for a couple of years, but, like I said, I hardly talk to anyone anymore. No one likes me or even acknowledges me because they think I'm a self absorbed, conceited jerk because I'm always silent and have a reputation for skipping sixth grade. Maybe they're right, and I have absolutely no justification for feeling that way. But the thought of talking to them just rubs me the wrong way. My classmates are all interesting and skillful in one way or another, or at least popular due to looks, but I'm dull and useless. I quit sports last year, something I thought I might be good at but couldn't enjoy any longer, and I hardly ever use my gym membership because I can't bring myself to leave the house. I can't stand talking to my parents about anything either; it's always the same question, "How was your day?" At this point I always mumble something about a pointless assignment I did that brought no sense of accomplishment or interest that day just to get them off my back. I don't even enjoy the one thing that kept me going last year anymore- strategy video games like Advance Wars and Fire Emblem. I applied for a statewide academic program called Governor's Honors and made it to the final selection phase but I already know I failed because there's nothing interesting or unique enough about me to justify my attendance over the summer. I've never been romantically involved with anyone because I know my partner would just exceed me in every way. Besides, I'm ugly and no one finds me interesting enough to get to know me. I tell my family that I don't have a girlfriend because I enjoy being single, but I don't have a chance at romance anyways, so it's more of a way to pretend I'm happy with my life when I'm far from it. It never helps that my family is all happily married with the exception of me, my sister, and my smaller cousins, and I know I'll never get that kind of fulfillment or happiness. I'm also heavily jealous of my sister. She's successful in almost everything she does, and, since I've shared plenty of the teachers she had the year or two years before, they always expect the patented Zech brand work ethic. I don't have it. I love my sister and it hurts me to know how jealous I am of her. I can't help but feel that way even if I wish her the best of luck in life, the kind of luck I'll never enjoy. I don't feel like arguing whether it's luck or drive that determines success- I lack both and it hardly matters to me anyways. I've never owned a social media profile on account of how mundane my life is, and I plan to keep it that way until I die, whether that be tonight or eighty years of pointless struggle from now. My family is also heavily religious. One primary reason I haven't committed suicide yet is because I'm afraid of the eternal punishment the pastors and parents are always harping about. I can't even work up the courage to do the one thing I want most- to just end it all. At this point I would much rather have taken the lot of an innocent child in a third world country that died of a horrible disease when they were in an infant. At least my replacement would make SOMETHING out of these stupid gifts I'm supposed to have. I won't.  I'll never surpass or meet the expectations of those around me. I've looked around online about why it is that I depend so much on peer approval, and apparently it's because I don't rely on my own expectations and desires enough. The thing is, I HAVE no desires, save for ending this cycle of monotony and loneliness. I can't set expectations because I'll just fall short, just like every other time I've tried. I hate life, I hate expectations on me that I'll never meet, I hate the unfairness that I'll never fix, I hate that I'm a coward, I hate that I'll never give back all of the resources that were raised on my pointless upbringing, and yet I love the idea of leaving it all behind, for better or worse. I regret not working harder to make my own fate, to blaze my own path in this horrible world, but it's a tad bit late for that, isn't it?
If I respond or update, it's because I chickened out again. But every delay just lets me realize how much more useless and incompetent I am. It's like walking along a pier blindfolded- I know I'm getting closer, and I know I'll walk off the edge one day, but I'll never know exactly when it's about to happen until it does.