everything is just way too chaotic for me and i feel completely alone.nothing really feels worth it anymore, everything is too important and its overloading me with anxiety to the point where i genuinely want to die again. i thought i was better at least marginally, but i guess not.

im in love with my best friend, but both of us have partners we're too complacent with to leave. even though i know im not doing anything, i constantly feel guilty over the situation and staying in my relationship. my boyfriend isn't great to me, and hasn't ever really listened to me or tried to make me happy, but my attachment issues wont let me leave. i don't feel loved or respected, i feel taken advantage of and guilty for wanting more. but more doesn't seem possible with the girl i'm actually in love with when we both are equally stuck where we are.

i'm queer too, and i dont think many of my irl friends would be cool with that. i feel like an idiot whenever i talk to them in general, i just get anxious and feel unwanted. my roommate definitely wouldn't respect it, and i don't want to get judged over it so i just have the same identity crisis every night. i feel like a joke for being nonbinary, i feel like a joke for even typing that i am. i don't feel like people in my life would ever respect that, much less my family. they couldn't even take me being gay.

i barely have any friends at that. the ones i do have either hate my partner or don't seem to actually enjoy having me around. i know three people well in my gigantic college town, and i feel like two of them just tolerate me to hang out with each other. i need that close platonic connection i had back before i moved to college, but i feel like i have no one here. even if i knew or met someone, i'm shit at getting closer with people. i gross people out by existing, im covered in gnarly ass scars and im disgusting as hell to look at so that's not exactly a plus when looking for people to hang out with.

the election is a bust. i want to die over that as much as the next person. everything seems really pointless when no one in power is going to care about you no matter what.

idk i know this doesnt string together but im just trying to like voice how disgusting i feel :)) theres more but im too fucking tired and i hate this stupid site. i feel like an idiot for talking about this so yay that. heres to planning suicide ;p