I'm going to end my life tonight.This isn't for attention, more of a final rant and apology.   


I'm done hurting everyone around me. I ruined my only chance at true love by overthinking everything with her. She's my best friend yet I could never tell her that I destroyed her image in my head. I'm supposed to fly to her next week because I made impulsive decisions. I'm done. I'm so tired of this shit. I just want to rewind 5 months when I was happy and had supportive friends. I still have supportive friends but I lost myself and everything I am. It pains me so much that I destroyed the one opportunity of a great relationship. I feel like a narcissist but I don't know if I am. All I do is push people away. All I do is ruin them and leave them wondering. I'm done damaging people. She deserve's better and I don't deserve to live. I'm sorry Laura. The man you love isn't stable enough to love you back. I wish you well in your life and hope I taught you valuable lessons. Thank you for being the best person I've ever met. I'm sorry for ruining what would have been a lifetime love. Goodbye princess. I will miss you. The burden of hurting you will haunt me for the rest of my time. I can't go on living with the pain of hurting you. I haven't been able to live for the last 3 months. I sound very weak. I am. I thought I had a lot of courage and integrity. I realize that I don't. My whole life is an illusion. If I can't love you, I won't be able to love anyone. I fixed your heart from your previous ex and all I did was play with it in my hands. I won't ever forgive myself. You deserve better. Please remember me. These are the final words you will hear from me. I love you. There I said it. I know you've been wanting to hear it forever. I do love you. My mind destroyed everything as it always does. I'll remember you in heaven. I never loved myself. ever. I have hated myself ever since I was born. maybe that's why I couldn't be the man you thought I was. I won't be able to live with this burden. This isn't a cry for sympathy. Cherish your life because it's short. I always told you life was short and to live with no worries. This is where my advice ends. My life is complete.