I can't take the pain anymoreI've been struggling with major depressive disorder since I was about 13. Maybe before. My eldest sister physically abused my middle sister and I; my parents did nothing. They were stressed and focused on their own little things. I was overweight and bullied for various reasons throughout my academic career from k-12.

The depression was really bad at 15. I wanted to see a therapist, but my mom didn't believe in therapy. She refused to see what was right in front of her. My middle sister had to convince her something was wrong. The "therapist" was my mom's best friend... yeah...

Anywayz, college was the best years of my life. Made friends, lost mad weight, got hot, found a life philosophy I could subscribe too. Did well in school, decided to go to grad school.

Grad school isn't working out well for me, the career path I chose isn't right. Every time I try to talk to my parents about it, they refuse to hear that this isn't right for me. I've thought about suicide on and off since I was a kid. Today, I just feel worthless, helpless, and low. Sorry the prose in this isn't more beautiful or detailed. I was suppose to have my therapy appt today. my therapist's office is in a few cities over. That's usually ok, since my business off (23F here) is in the same city, a 5 minute walk away from my office, but a long drive from my apt.. I couldn't sleep last night and I felt uber-tired when I "woke up". As I walked out the door, the office secretary called to tell me all my appointments were cancelled. I decided I could move my paperwork to tomorrow... I've been feeling anxious, depressed, and the lack of sleep has not been helping. I did what I thought was best for me... usually sleeping, at this stage of my life, when I'm anxious and/or depressed is like a spoon full of sugar. I cancelled my therapy appt and laid down.

I woke up, sometimes after my appt, and still felt like shit. I called my parents, who were basically like... "Well... I don't know what to tell you..." that was my dad at least. I called my best friend from college, and a whole slew of people who were busy. 

I don't like talking to my problems with my parents, as they see it their way or the highway. I called my therapist multiple times saying I made a mistake in missing and can you PLEASE reschedule with me, I need to talk. I tried talking to my parents, but all I got was shouted at for dare suggesting something that they wouldn't want for me (in regards to my grad school issues). When I tried to talk to them how I felt depressed and anxious, they stated that I need to get over it and stop crying.

Luckily, my therapist said he'd call at 9:30 tonight... maybe we can talk on the phone for 15 minutes.

Why not suicide though? Not because my external life is going to crap... that happens. I mean because of the pyschological pain my family constantly puts me through. So what if I die? Idk y, I honestly don't buy that they won't get over it, especially after the way I was treated tonight. My life will never be "right"... I'll never not be depressed... I'll always be anxious. My outside life, though it has it's ups and downs, is overall fine. It's this inner-torture I can't take anymore. Why not suicide? Cause it's illegal? Cause it'll hurt my family? well they certainly give a damn enough about me...

The only real reasons I can think of not doing that is because 1) it may not work and I don't wanna be fucked up for life. Nowadays, more or less, I have an overall healthy body and I enjoy having a healthy body. 2) My roommate is the sweetest person in the world * she's away on a business trip right now*, I don't wanna have her have to deal with my corpse. 

I think I may delete all the numbers out of my cell phone book. Why? They don't give a damn... My parents would figure I'm being "emotional" again and that's the reason I'm not talking to them. My roommate likes clean things, maybe I should clean up my room for her.

My therapist is suppose to call in 2 hours. I wanna tell him how I feel but I don't wanna be 5150'ed. What would be the point of that? If I decide not to it'll just fuck up my school work and office work. Will the 5150 take away my pain? No...

I'm just tired of this pain.

I'm going to try to do little things to distract myself until my therapist calls...

**EDIT: I feel a little better since writing this out... maybe something in me wants to live. I'm going to do little things...**

**EDIT 2: Just eating some dinner and feeling revitalized =)... still wondering if it's worth it and thinking of asking my therapist if I should go on antidepressants...**

**Edit 3: Just checked facebook and found out this guy I liked blocked me... super... sent him a txt saying "Hey, see you blocked me on facebook. I hope you have a nice life." feel really low again...**

**EDIT 4: feel that depressive sleep coming on...**

**EDIT 5: My therapist called last night. He didn't 5150 me but he wants to check in with me tomorrow. My girlfriend in the city I live in called around 11PM, we had a long chat and she made me feel better. She stayed on until she knew I was ok and she told me not to traumatize my roommate by letting her find my dead body and that she'd honestly miss me and be upset. Another friend from college called super early in the morning. I picked up the phone and said I'd call him back. It's 9:17 now, I'll call and leave a message. I guess I'm going to make it...**