Some people are pushed too far I'm not departing today. I have a dog and I will see him through to the end. 

Mine is a wasted life. There is a saying: “It could be that the purpose of your life is only to serve as a warning to others.” Here’s your warning.

I grew up emotionally, physically, and sexually abused. Some of that came from a foster brother, a bit from parents. One parent has a personality disorder, which runs in the family. My parents eventually separated when I was around 12. Of course I ended up living with the NPD parent. I barely graduated high school. I never finished college.

My home situation is so abysmal I can’t even bring myself to write about it.

I am in more debt that I know. I’m so overwhelmed by it all I stopped paying attention to it a decade ago. There is no recovery from that.

I live in physical pain every day. I can no longer afford to go to the doctor’s. 

I have slipped through every crack there is in life. It’s too overwhelming to try and write all this shit down. It has become impossible to live with day to day.

Realistically, my best option is yet another bullshit minimum wage job busting my ass just to live paycheck to paycheck while my debt increases? What’s the fucking point? 

I am tired of it. I am more tired of it than you know. The mental exhaustion is killing me. 

I’ve been to therapy and it didn’t help. I can’t afford it anymore anyway.

The lessons to be learned here: 

Don’t neglect yourself. You are more important than others. If people abuse you, maybe no one will stick up for you but yourself, so do it. Abusers can’t stand the taste of their own medicine. And even if it doesn’t end the abuse right away, it may still diminish it a bit. Plus, it will teach your abuser they are vulnerable too and give you some confidence. And be sure to tell others, abusers can’t act when in the limelight.

But also: have thicker skin. People can become shitty when they don't get what they want. You can't always take it personally. Pick and choose your battles. 

That's all for now.

&amp;#x200B;