Self sabotaging myself, now coming to a point where it's too much.For as long as I can remember I have been having a hard time to do things. No ambitions, and no drive. I've contemplated suicide, but it just seemed like too much work. I never realized this was a mild form of depression until I talked to a doctor about it. At the time I decided not to get officially diagnosed because of the potential future career consequences that an official diagnoses entails. 

Offer high school i traveled for a few years, then I come back home and started taking out student loans. I have been going to university for the past six years, and although I really enjoyed going to classes I have not been doing so good. I started out strong, getting about 70% average, but now on my last year I'm at 52%. If i didn't already have enough credits to graduate this May, the university would have kicked me out for a year due to academic probation. 

It just seems like every time I decide to do something productive and set mind to task, I inadvertently turn around and do something worse. 

For ex, I decide to get up early, and end up staying in bed until 2pm the next day. Or I go to library to do homework, and end up doing anything but that (like browsing reddit)


Now, graduate or not, I'm fucked. In the past 6 years that I have been in uni, I have only been watching tv and playing video games. No social life or social skills (literarily, not even one friend. Video games and books have always been my entertainment, so while in theory, having friends sounds nice, it has always seemed like a struggle and too much work even maintaining 1 friend), 80k in debt, and no money to get a place once I move out of residence. 

Now, suicide does not seem like too much of a hassle. I just don't know where to go from here. It fucking sucks. 

**i am not just "suddenly" feeling suicidal because I hit a bump on the road**. It is something that has always been in the back of my mind, but now it just seems like it is constantly in my mind. 


Might not be the proper sub to post this, but not sure where else to go. 
