I'm better off dead.Okay so recently my ex(m 17) and I broke up with me (f 16). I was with him for a year and almost 9 months. In that time both of my parents died and my only grandparent left. He was always there for me, but after my moms death(the most recent) he changed. He would just sit on craigslist when we hung out. I would try to get him to go places with me instead of sitting there, which he refused. He started fighting with me more, and calling my a bitch in every fight. Things weren't the same but i still loved the old him. So a week before we broke up he wouldn't touch me, hug me, kiss me, cuddle with me, he would avoid hanging out with me, and when i got naked in front of him and tried to get him excited he would just push me off.. I knew something was wrong, but I didn't know what. Now I know that he was having other feelings for another girl, he didn't tell me this i had to find out the hard way. A couple of days before we broke up we got in a fight over text message while he was at work.. so i drove in there to say 'hey lets stop fighting i love you' Well he took me on a delivery and said 'You are ruining my social life' i said 'Well who do you want to hang out with' ' the girls from work, they asked me out drinking and i said no I cant because of kim' ok first of all when your in a relationship you should go out drinking with all girls...plus he hates drinking he would even do it with me. and hey here is an idea, you could always invite me. So after he told me that, i broke down on the way home, I always fuck everything up, I shouldn't be alive. So then we broke up, come to find out he had told his dad 'we were fuck buddies,' oh okay thanks..And also the day after we broke up he was texting the girl from his work that almost broke us up multiple times.. here are some other reddits i've posted right after the break up:  http://www.reddit.com/r/Rants/comments/xxfu5/fuck_you_asshole/ 
I hate myself more and more everyday, because I was the problem..Now he blocked me on facebook, wont talk to me, wont check up on me(even tho I'm very suicidal) so he doesn't care about me, and I can see why.. 
But now I miss him more than ever, I have all of the stuff he gave me and last night I had a dream about how we used to be happy, I woke up crying. I know people will always say, its ok move on you'll find someone better.. Well when we were happy he was always looking forward to spending the future with me. I miss everything, all of the cuddling and when he used to make dumb faces. I miss all the passionate kisses. I miss the old him. Now I'm just lost, because I gave up all of my friends to be with him. He had made all of those friends when he got a job, and I just sit here alone. All the people I want to hangout with have girlfriends, and my best friend is a long ways away. I hate making new friends when I need someone because I feel needy. I miss him, but I'm the one who fucked up everything. All I do is sit at home, cry a lot, sometimes cut,  and I cant eat because I'll throw up. I'm better off dead, I just need to die, but I want him to find me..so then maybe he will miss me back..