I got nothing to offer. No goals or aspirations. No point in being here.I'm 21. Have no career goals or aspirations. If you asked me what my dream job is I couldn't tell you. I'm in college doing bullshit online classes because of this Covid shit, not learning a damn thing because these professors are retarded, and trying to get a bullshit psych degree so I can try to just find some kind of decent job. But I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. My friend circle is slowly shrinking, my mental health is getting worse, I'm lonely, never had a girlfriend, work a job where I feel taken advantage of and unvalued, and just all around hate every aspect of my life as it is. The only reason I'm still here is because of my parents. I'm an only child, and despite the fact that I have basically wasted everything that they worked so hard to give me I couldn't bring myself to do that to them. Especially my mother. I'm not quite ready to go yet, but I'm reeeeeeealy getting there.

 I already told my mother that once she and Dad are gone then I'll have nothing left and will likely kill myself. I felt bad telling her that, but I felt like I had to. I don't see my life getting any better. Every time I think it will it just gets worse. Everyone tells me to try to be optimistic, but every time I try to see the brighter side of things something bad happens that just completely brings me back down. Every day I finally feel better I just end up back in a slump. 

&amp;#x200B;

It doesn't help that I actually am just a fucking bum and a waste of space. All I do is smoke weed, jack off, go to my stupid job at a country club where I basically suck people's dick for 12 an hour, play games, and sleep. I feel like such a burden on my poor 60 year old mother, but I never do anything to change that. I just keep doing the same shit everyday. The most painful thing for me to hear is that my parents are proud of me and that they love me. Because I see me for what I truly am, and I'm not something to be proud of and I'm not a loveable person. I'm a bad person. Just a straight up shitty human being waiting for my time to come so that I can once again take the easy road out.