I neep helpI live in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada

I need help. I don't know where to look for it. Searching "find a counselling" is probably not the best way. How do I know who to seek? 

My situation: 

I have chosen to kill myself. This in and of itself is not dramatic. This has been my plan for quite some time. I am entirely ok with and educated about the situation and my decisions. 

I have a partner who suffers from a degenerative disease and is continually wasting away. She intends to go through with a doctor assisted when it gets to that point. Researching this has made me extremely comfortable with the fact that we're all just meat sacks and well I have always quietly intended on following her out. 

So here's where I have a problem. I see it. I need help. 

I keep having thoughts of committing suicide outside of this considered event. Like my brain says, "ah fuck it why not now" 

At the moment this is particularly bad. I have always hated Christmas times and found them depressing. This one is particularly devastating. 

Without getting into it too much, I have lost millions and millions of dollars. I can't stop thinking about it. I can't sleep. I wake up in panic, heart beating, scared, for no reason. Sometimes I'll just be sitting here looking at what's left of my stock portfolio and I get hit with a crushing wave of hurt I can't describe. I'm a quiet dude and usually feel like a robot. I break out in tears even trying not to. I can't shake what could have been and how sad I am. Even when logically I know I would have just had a few years of a comfortable life then ended up paying it to charity then going up to see the aliens myself. Chances are I will remain comfortable until such a time as I can die how I first planned. I no longer have the options for longer term medical care for her that I once did tho and it haunts me. She knows I lost a large portion of our savings but not the entirety. I have no clue how to handle that conversation. This crushing regret is inescapable. I know I shouldn't go at this moment,  I still keep telling myself, fuck it. why not. I recognize this as bad. I need help. A professional. 

Now its been a dozen maybe fifteen years now but as a kid I lived in care, they provided me with a doc and for a while I was on Zoloft. I know I have actual problems. I can't remember the docs name to search them, I don't know what that particular doc is called.

I am not in immediate danger. I know these impulses are a result of bad thinking. I still keep telling myself, fuck it, blaze of glory this bitch and call it a day. How do I find who I need to speak to?

I probably have too much to qualify for assistance. I have not enough to pay a huge bill to lay on a couch and talk about my feelings either. Is there some in-between? 

thank you