Mentally I’m gone, I can’t do this anymore.Always had suicidal thoughts within the past 3 years, they’d come up, go away, and now I’m doing it. I can’t handle my life anymore. My girlfriend and I moved in with my mom and step dad for a little till I go off to school with her. The control my parents want and dictatorship and treating me like a 15 year old, treating the love of my life like she’s a piece of shit. Making every decision for me, no say in anything.  Deciding where I work due to the friendships they made at those places even though there’s other jobs that i would prefer that pay more, better hours, but if i don’t then i get kicked out. She gets kicked out. Getting texts saying fuck you you fucking dumbass piece of shit. Telling them how i feel mentally and then getting texted fuck you. I tried to talk to them nicely and that i can’t do this, that i can’t keep talking to you guys because of how toxic it is. And they threaten to kick me out and talk down more. Getting told by my step dad that my girlfriend is a piece of shit and he hates her. Getting told if i go stay with her mom and her a little (her mom is willing to finically support us and me and my Dream because she understands how toxic this is, and she truly cares about me) they said if I go there then they’ll never support me in any way financially or anything. They told me my girlfriend needs to leave and I can stay, being told to pick. Mentally I’ve reached my breaking point. They don’t care when i mention suicide, they don’t care what i say, how i feel, anything. The love of my life has been through the hardest parts with me, helped me with academics and finances more than they know. My first day back here my body was getting hot and i tried to tell them i couldn’t breathe, i had puked 9 times lost 7 pounds from that- they didn’t care. My step dad said i don’t care how you felt you were trying to turn the AC down so it was cooler in my house, and my mom backed up. This was because i had a migraine headache which I’ve had for 10+ years. I ended up going to the ER because nobody believed i was puking or sweating or hot until it was too late. They heard me puke no help, saw me puke no help. I got help when i fainted downstairs and my girlfriend called for my mom and helped then. So now it’s my turn, all this they want to do will come back. If i go to Hell, so be it. I hope God can see the situation for what it is. I can’t do this anymore I can’t. 