I just made the biggest mistake of my lifeI've been with the same woman for most of my adult life. We're engaged. She has a son that isn't mine by blood but I love and want to adopt. We live together in a place I specifically moved out to be with her in and our life has been rough but good. Money's tight but we make it work and in general we're happy.

Then this weekend her sister/our roommate brought her boyfriend over and I lost my mind. I don't know why. He and her sister took her out to lunch as a surprise and I got jealous and angry, then they wanted to have some drinks in the living room on a night I wanted to work and I got even more angry. I went to bed that night after she'd cried and apologized and I thought it was okay and that I was going to work past it.

The next day I went even worse. I called her to a park near our house and I vented how frustrated I was and how angry I was and she tried to make me see I was being a prick and irrational and I went overboard and I screamed and I told her it was over and I was going to leave. I wouldn't darken her doorstep and I wouldn't make her suffer me any longer.

I don't know why I did it. The words, the actions, didn't feel right. We were happy, we were getting closer than we'd ever been and I don't know why I said what I said. I don't know why I got so jealous or upset. And now we're sitting in different rooms in a home we share and I've tried apologizing, begging, everything. It isn't the first time it's happened. When it comes to fight or flight, my typical response is flight and she's tired of it.

I tried last night. I didn't get further than trying because I thought there was still hope and even then it was only the thought of having a chance to keep her that I didn't go through with it but now it seems like she's had enough. I don't know what to do to fix it and honestly with how things have been going in my life I just feel like leaving her might be best, because I stress this is not the first time I've put her through this.

But I don't want to go. I don't want to lose her. I know she deserves to be free from me if that's what she wants and I know I can't change what she feels or what she wants to do, because I've already said all I can.

I'm so miserable right now. I don't understand why I did anything I just did, I don't know why I can't fix it or what I can do to make it better and everything in my head is telling me to just end it all before she decides. At least I'd die still being a part of her life and not the miserable wreck I was the last time this happened. We broke up for six months and it was the worst period of my entire life. I have no one else to talk to right now, none of my 'friends' would understand and I don't have anyone in my life I can talk to in person about it or ask to help me because I don't have any good friends in my life outside of a handful who are online.

I need help. I don't know where else to turn anymore. I feel so lost and I don't know what to do, and the only solution I have anymore is the one I keep trying to convince myself isn't right. I know it won't change anything, I know I cause it and I know I should just be a man and wait for her answer and live with it but I don't want to live with it because I didn't mean it, I knew I shouldn't have said it the second I did and I've got this terrible hole inside myself now.

This is starting to ramble. Please help me.