I fucking hate everyone and everything please let me die (f13)I'm in immense pain right now. I feel like I want to scream and cry and crawl up into a ball in the dark. If I could, believe me I would. But I'm so numb I can't cry anymore. It's 4am and I don't want to bring attention to myself by screaming. So I'm just here in bed in the dark. Trying to think about anything other than killing myself. Even my dreams at this point have suicide in them. it's never ending torture. I've almost relapsed with self harm several times today, but knew my mom would see because I think she's starting to worry about why I'm tired all the time and my eyes are always bloodshot. I just don't want to worry her anymore. God I fucking hate myself. I'm just a terrible person, really. I don't know why I have so many friends. I guess it's because they only see the me I let them see. If they knew how fucked up I am as a person.. god they'd stop in an instant. Not like I'd fucking care. I'm moving again in a month and nobody really knows yet. God. Moving again. At least I don't have 2 days notice this time. At least I'm not going to have to meet up with my friends I've known for 7 years and invite them to see a movie only to end up telling them I'm leaving tomorrow and am never coming back ever again. Because that totally didn't happen a year ago and it totally didn't completely traumatize me. And it totally didn't cause me to be suicidal after the fact that I was already being bullied and hated myself AND was self harming because of it AND had already atempted suicide before all that. BECAUSE THAT WASN'T FUCKING ENOUGH LIFE.
I wish I had actually killed myself back then. I would have died surrounded by friends and family in the place I still consider my home. But instead I'm here. Wanting to kill myself night after night but being too cowardly to go though with it. God if I knew where I'd be now, several years since I remember being actually happy, I would have ended it way way back. I don't know why I'm posting this. I know nobody cares enough to read this anyways. I'm all over the place. I hate this. I feel like I'm trapped in my own body. I hate myself so much. I'm just repeating myself at this point. I really don't know how to end this.