Contemplating It. No Idea If I Should. (Don't read if you want. It's lengthy... so yeah.)I am 15 years old, and i will turn 16 in March. I have been thinking about suicide since i was in fifth grade. I've of course always thought it was just hormones and we going through puberty early, as i have never went through with it. I'll give a brief overview of my life and why i have been pushed to feel this way. For starters, the thoughts began in fifth grade. Mainly because nobody was really my friend, and i was more or less alone. Not to mention i was teased throughout my life. Looking back, those experiences were easy for me to over-come and compared to some of the other things people contemplate suicide over, it isn't as bad. I only really had around three friend, and two of them didn't really want me around. I sort of leeched onto them and they just stuck with me because they couldn't get rid of me. We had some great times. Always joking around about shit. My third friend, Jonathan i had known since first grade. We were great friends and i even went to his house a large number of times. He also came over to mine every single day towards the end of fifth grade. Johnathan was always superior to me in almost every way. He was more younger looking, whereas i was an early bloomer and looked older than most of the other kids. He was better looking, was more social, and had more friends than me. I wasn't jealous by any means, but i knew he was much more liked and overall noticed than i was. These feelings of feeling inferior to him only grew when i went over to his house for sleepovers through the years. He lived in a nice little house with his happy family. He had no problem with his family, and life seemed to be a breeze for him. It's hard to explain, but his life just seemed so innocent and care-free compared to some of the shit i had in my head. I've grown up being called typical shit like "ugly" Truth my told, i've always been insecure about how i looked and these comments never rested well with me. What made it worse was i could sort of see it. Right now, i just feel alone. I don't have anybody. No friends, none at all. Which makes me feel as if i cannot talk to anybody. I've talked to my mom countless times but she always tries to get me to look at the bright side of my life and tells me i'm mistaken. I'm not too close with my father as i am with my mom, so i don't feel comfortable talking about it with him. I just feel like it'd be awkward. I've tried to imagine it so many times. I have a little sister, and i feel if i did actually go through with killing myself, it would traumatize her as well as my entire family. I know it won't be my problem as i'd be dead, but i still don't know if i could ever die, knowing that outcome. I think i might be still "salvageable" but i suspect things are getting bad. I've began crying myself to sleep as well las through the day throughout this week and felt so diffrent in ways i've never felt before. I've cried a lot before, but this feeling always feels like it's now over-looming constantly. I just don't know anymore. Maybe i am confused. I suspect it's just hormones since i am 15.