Trying to get away from my suicide thoughtsI'm suicidal and trying desperately to hold on to life by searching up ways to talk to somebody face to face. But, in my country, they seem to have made so the only way to talk to anybody is by calling or texting, especially with the recent pandemic procedures. I understand the reason why those procedures are put in place but I don't want to talk to another fucking screen like I have been doing for almost 6 months. I need to have an actual conversation face to face with a professionnal or god knows anybody who would know what to do in this case. Plus I still live with my parents who are unaware of my suicidal thoughts so calling the suicide support number would be embarassing (also considering I don't even know what they're going to do if I call them). Every day I have to study more and more hours since I never seem to find the motivation to keep studying the night before. My work schedule is like a fucking cycle; I start studying, confident that I'll actually get something going but my suicidal thoughts come yet again to bring myself down and wonder if anything I'm doing for my future is even worth it at this point. None of what I study I find interesting. In fact, I've lost myself so much I don't even know what are my interests or dreams, I guess they all faded away with time... It's even worse when I compare myself to my friends and my parents when they were my age (I know I shouldn't compare myself to others but I just cannot help it when the people around me are the only thing I focus on). My friends and my parents at my age are and were all hard workers and were able to do so much in so little time, while I can't even study for one hour without whining like a little bitch about how "My LiFe iS HoRriBle AnD i'LL NeVeR dO aNyThInG ProDucTivE iN mY LifE". So, to come back to what I was typing earlier, I need somebody to at least tell me something to make me feel a little better about myself but no therapists seem to be able to speak to me unless it's on a call. Anybody have anything to propose? At this point, I'll take anything.

(Sorry for the long post, I had to get that shit off of my chest and Reddit was the most accessible place where I can keep myself anonymous.)