Not sure what to do.I'm currently a freshman in College and I feel as if I've been depressed since the end of my senior year of high school.  When I graduated, I looked back at my high school years and realized that I completely hated them.  I was always shy and afraid of what people thought of me.  I had plenty of friends, but I never felt as if I was actually really close with any of them.  Since then every once in a while I'd have suicidal thoughts in the back of my head but I never thought anything would come of them.

As the summer went on, I started smoking marijuana.  At first it was a way to pass the boredom with some friends, but eventually it turned into a way to self-medicate.  For that entire month of August I felt like a whole new person.  I was outgoing, spent time with friends and built serious bonds, and most importantly, was happy.

At the end of August it was finally time to move out and head off to college.  Moving all the way across the state meant the end of my smoking, and I didn't really think anything of it.  When I arrived I was super excited to meet my roommate and felt like I would be able to bond with him as I was able to with my high school friends, but that sure didn't turn out.  My roommate ended up being much much older than me, and did nothing but play video games.  For the two months that I lived with him all I could think about was transferring schools and going back home to be with high school friends.  Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and requested to switch dorms.  This ended up being the best decision I'd had in college.

In the new dorm, I was immediately popular, being the new kid, and started smoking with some of my hall mates.  In just a few short months I felt more connected to these people then I ever did with anyone from high school.  Everything was going great and I was having the best time of my life until I was busted with less than a gram of marijuana.  I was busted the last day of finals week, before I came home for winter break and was told I would be put on probation by the school and be tested for the entire spring semester.

Now I'm at home, and I haven't smoked since the incident in fear of losing my spot in school and I'm more depressed then I ever have been in my life.  I feel as if I've moved on from my high school friends and don't feel like hanging out with them, because it doesn't seem like anyone wants to be with me.  Every time I ask someone to hang out I get rejected, and get more and more frustrated.  At this point I really don't feel like my life has any purpose. No one wants to be around me.  I'm not about to go commit suicide but I'm not happy whatsoever and I don't know what to do with myself.

tl;dr 
I self-medicated my depression with marijuana and it totally changed my social awkwardness and created a whole different, happy person.  I'm now not able to smoke due to a punishment with the school and I don't know how I'm going to make it through next semester.  If anyone could give some advice it would be much appreciated.

Thanks.

