I don’t want support. I just want someone to listen and acknowledge what I have to say.I’m a bad person. How am I so narcissistic but also at the same time such a self-deprecating piece of shit? I’m fat, unhygienic, unmanly and have a horrible personality.

Some people like me and call me their friend. I don’t know if their standards are super low or what, but I wish I had the heart to tell them how much I appreciate the fact they like me. I wish they would ignore me and go for better friends but at the same time, it feels like a knife going through my chest when I see them talk to other people, as if I’m selfish and need approval, even if it won’t do much.

I get jealous when I see the men around me. They’re confident and responsible. I was beaten a lot by my uncles as a kid. I can tell one of them feels remorse over his actions since he’s been too nice over the years, trying to buy me expensive things and whatever. 

The abuse ripped apart every inch of manhood I had. I wasn’t strong, I wasn’t dignified and I wasn’t brave. I’ve bonded more with my sisters than any other men I’ve met in my life. They understood the abuse as they had gone through it as well, however they could be a bit stoic at times. 

Because of the abuse, I’ve grown to not trust many people and be extremely anxious and shy 24/7. I hear my family members, schoolmates, etc talk about how I lack ambition, how I’m too reserved and feminine, how I’m not as good as the other kids. Sorry I can’t speak in a room full of people, sorry if my face flushes red when my name is called, sorry I feel more comfortable being alone for days than visiting some of the family but it’s your fault for sitting back there and supporting the abuse when I was younger. Every time I took one step too far, I’d be threatened as you thought it was a good way to control me.

My father died when I was 4 and I was vulnerable. Beating and threatening me with violence are the two things you should definitely not be doing... All those punches that were thrown, tears I’ve shedded and lashes from your belts were for no benefit. And even then, my father probably wouldn’t have treated me any nicer had he still been alive at that point. 

I’m the runt of the family now. I’m stupid, weak, shy and not manly enough. Why can’t I be more like my fucking doctor aunts or lawyer uncles?! I’d kill myself if I didn’t have two sisters and a few friends who care. I’m happy for my sisters, but their success still hurts... Good job graduating suma cum laude with a 4.0 GPA and degrees in mathematics and electrical engineering. I cried tears of joy because of how happy I was for you that night. If only I could make them as proud of me as you did.