Staying alive is the best I can do right nowThis is a throwaway account because I don't exactly need the people I discuss TV shows with to know that I wouldn't mind just not waking up again. 

This is a subreddit I never thought I'd post in. I wasn't sure whether to post this here or in the depression sub. I'm not even sure I'm depressed. I don't think I'm suicidal. Sure there have been times in my life when I've been more *sad* than people around me, but then I've always managed to get my shit together. I've managed to get myself out of my *funk* and achieve my goals, no matter the cards I'd been dealt. I'm the tough one, remember? The one who never cries, the one you'll never have to comfort, the one you go to for advice, the one who's always happy and content. The one things come easily to. Right? 

And yet all I want to do right now is fall asleep and not wake up again. I wouldn't actively end my life, but if it were to just happen... man, that would be a relief.

I'm tired beyond belief. For the past three years I've been working towards a degree and although it was tough at times, having something to work towards has motivated me and given me a purpose. Since graduation I've been job hunting, living with my parents, and getting fatter everyday. I know I need to get myself out of this hole, but instead I've been getting stuck in it more and more. It's just hard to do when you have no self love whatsoever and all you want to do is hide from everyone. Having friends or my parents' friends ask about my job search is hell. I'm trying, okay? 

I'm doing my best. I know it's not enough compared to others, but this is my best right now. Staying alive, getting up in the mornings, taking a shower, going for a walk once a day. That's the very, very best I can do right now, I'm afraid. 

I don’t think I’ve ever hated my life and being alive more than I do right now and I know I need to stop blaming outside influences, but that's difficult to do when you realise you have no job, no outlook in life, no home, no romance, no savings and no friends. And no one who truly, truly cares and loves you unconditionally even when you're not being loveable, even when you're not winning at life. My grandparents were the only people who really loved me and they're gone. 

And while I hopefully gather the strength to look after myself again, to put myself out there again, to ask around for jobs... just back the fuck off, people. Pressuring me is not helping. Telling me you're disappointed is not helping. Telling me *it's time* is not helping. It's ironic, really, how little the people closest to me cared when I achieved something, yet they care so much when I don't. 

As I said, I don't think suicidal, but in times like this, Gone Girl-ing myself suddenly seems very appealing. Part of me just wants to pack my shit, book a flight and become a student of Buddhism in the Himalayas. Or go somewhere else and live a simple life. It can't be worse than staying here and not wanting to be alive.

Anyone who's been there... does it get better? Tell me it gets better. 

Love. 