I don't know what I'm doing anymoreI can't ask for help. I don't want to put my problems on anyone else because everyone is struggling with their own issues so why would I want to add mine on top of that? Thinking about it logically my problems aren't even that bad and talking about it out loud just makes it feel like I'm trivializing other people's issues. But no matter how much I rationalize it, I honestly just don't want to be alive anymore

I hate myself. I physically hate myself. I'm never going to do anything with my life because I'm a fucking disappointment. When I was little, I used to blame the kids in my class for me feeling like this, for bullying me or whatever and I mean don't get me wrong, I was harassed nonstop for 7 years at Catholic school, but as I've gotten older I realized it was all my fault. Everything is my fault. I was weird and annoying and loud and obnoxious and ugly and I should've just fixed these things about myself. 

I don't have anyone to blame for the things that have gone wrong in my life. Everything bad is my own doing. I let my grades slip, I'll probably get kicked out of honor society, I won't get into college. I'm going to disappoint my family.  I don't have any fucking clue as to what I want to do with my life. I honestly just want to be happy and it seems like nobody grows up to be happy. Everyone hates their job, or their family, or their life and it's all for nothing because we're going to die anyway. 

I can't let people get close to me. Which isn't special. I'm not special, most people have these problems. I want to be wanted so bad but anytime anyone shows the slightest bit of affection towards me I back the fuck up. No one could ever want me that way. I hate myself so everyone else must hate me too right? All anyone ever told me was that guys wanted sex. My entire life I've been told that no boy could ever love me. "Boys just want to get into you pants" the thought of being used and thrown away used to terrify me, but at this point I honestly just want to lose my virginity just so for one stupid night I can feel wanted. 

But all I am is a tease right? In every fucking thing I do. I can't follow through with fucking someone, I can't follow through with killing myself, I wimp out anytime I get close. Crying on my bedroom floor with a pair of scissors or a bottle of pills never having the courage to finish the job. I won't disappoint anyone if I'm dead.  As of right now my plan is to kill myself if I get kicked out of honor society next quarter. I won't have a future anyway, might as well cut it short. 

I'm terrible person. Months ago may bestfriend told me she was bi and that she was in love with me, I said "wow that's a great compliment" Last night I was anxious and depressed and lonely so I asked her to make out with me. Not because I'm in love with her or because I swing that way, but because I was sad and I knew she could make me feel wanted. So for just a little bit at 3am I could feel loved. 

I don't even know why I wrote this. I'm sorry if you read it. Idk I've suffered from depression for years, but I don't think it's ever been this bad. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I stopped eating again. Anytime I screw up the only thing that goes though my head is "you should just kill your self." "You should just kill your self" "nobody wants you". And I just wish I had the courage to end it all right now. I don't want to be alive. I don't want to graduate. I don't want to grow up, I don't want to spend another 80 years disappointing people. The only reason I'm putting it off is because I'm terrified of what comes after. 