Feeling worse and worseOkay, so, this is my first post to Reddit so this might be a bit awkward for me. Not sure how to start this so I'll try my best to say how I feel.

I'm 20 years old. I'd say I've been depressed since I was 15. My first girlfriend was when I was 15 and she cheated on me with my best friend.
That kinda hurt me but I would say there are worse things on my mind. I have my dad who walked out on me when I was 5 and I didn't see him again until I was 13. I made the effort to want to speak to him again and it's been on and off with him since the day I met him again. Him and his girlfriends used to abuse me emotionally and sometimes physically and I didn't really do much about it. I didn't tell anyone how I felt until I ended up bursting into tears in front of my mother. I told my mother I didn't want to see him again.

Two years ago, on my birthday, my dad sent me a card and he basically said now that I'm old enough, I should go out and have a drink with him. I went to the bar with him and he went to the toilets. I went in about 5 minutes afterwards and found that he was in the cubicle with another man, sniffling a lot. It took a minute for the ball to drop and I thought he was doing drugs with his friend in the cubicle. He comes out with white all over his nose and then I ended up feeling shocked and disheartened so I left him there.

I haven't seen him since then but he now has another child with another woman and it makes me feel really sad knowing that. I'm not entirely sure why but I hope that his child gets a better childhood than what I did without him. I remember when I used to go to school and see my friends get dropped off by their dads and wonder why my dad hasn't been around. I would say hate is a strong word and it's a word that's rarely used by me but I would say that I hate my dad. For the fact that he's never really been supportive and he deserted me at a point where I really needed him more than anything.

Like I said, I'm 20 now and I feel as though my life is at a stand-still. I can't seem to keep a long-term relationship because my sex drive. I don't like to have sex and the girls I date always seem to want to do it. I'm still a virgin and they don't seem to believe me, as funny as that may sound. I've never had a job because I've been in full-time education all my life, pretty much. More recently, I've dropped out of college 3 times because it's either

* I didn't like what I was doing
* It was a bleak and depressing environment
* The people in my class weren't very nice

When I finished high school, I failed my math exam. I'm pretty bad at math. I'm not gonna lie. I paid to retake it and I failed again. I took math again in college for my first year and improve my grade but failed still. I tried for my second year again but I had the same grade. My tutor referred me to special education for an assessment and it turned out that I have something called [Dyscalculia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyscalculia).

I got referred to a specialist tutor who tried to help me and it went okay for a couple of weeks until I felt like college was depressing as an environment. The walls were gray and the exterior was gothic. There were bars on the windows, too.

I dropped out because it wasn't something I enjoyed. About a month afterwards, my mum told me that I would have to get a job. I ended up feeling really scared because I haven't had one before and I wouldn't know how to start.

You go to the job centre and that's where you find vacancies and different jobs that are available. They can give you money to help look for one. I arrived there on my first day of looking and I found that people there weren't very enthusiastic about finding a job and just saw it as free money. I wasn't very enthusiastic but I would do what would need to be done to find one. Many don't even try.

I look around on the internet for jobs in my area and for some reason, I fell into a slump. I felt as though there's no point in trying. The unemployment rate where I live is extremely high and there's very few jobs anywhere. Usually, you'd need experience (where I have none) and good qualifications (whereas mine are mediocre).

I felt abnormally sad. I told my careers adviser that I had no motivation to look for a job and I had no drive to get out of bed in the morning, nevermind find a job. She told me to go see the doctor to see what the problem is. I go to the doctor. Tell him how it is and what my problems are. I also tell him that I struggle with sleeping in the night. I would usually stay up until the late morning and sleep until the night time. He diagnoses me with "affective disorder". He gives me the drug "Mirtazapine", also. 

He also says that because I feel this way, that I would get an allowance for it. It's the same money they give you when you're looking for a job but you just have to have a medical certificate.

I take my medication for about 2 weeks until I noticed that I had an increase in my appetite and I felt angry a lot. I stopped taking it and I felt as though I was losing control. I made another appointment with the doctor and he upped my dosage. I tried again but I felt no real difference after a month. I made another appointment but I was referred to another doctor. I told him that I don't feel any different. He said that he's going to up my dosage again. I said that isn't what's going to help and I said that I wanted an alternative medication. He told me that I said I had trouble sleeping so it's the optimal medication 'cause it makes me drowsy, light-headed and able to sleep. I felt as though my sleeping problems were helped naturally and I wanted to feel happier. 

I felt really frustrated and then he asked when was the last time I had a job and I said "Never, I've been in education for a long, long time. Why does it matter?" He said "If I didn't have a job at the age of 20, I'd be depressed too."  I felt incredibly shocked and angry and I lashed out and said that I'm surprised he had a PhD, judging from his insensitivity.

This was in December of last year. Fast forward to 2-3 weeks ago and I have a medical assessment to see if I'm able to work and if I have the capability. They ask you a bunch of questions about your day-to-day life and how you cope. I said that it's increasingly hard and I feel as though I am a right foot and the world is a left shoe. I don't seem to fit.

I have no job, no good qualifications, no girlfriend, no social life but I guess it's my own fault.

They sent me a letter to say I'm capable of work and that I have to see another careers adviser. I feel as though it's going to be the same thing again. More recently, I feel as though nothing seems worth doing and nothing is fun anymore. I feel incredibly sad, still and although I haven't felt suicidal before. I feel really close to it. I haven't self-harmed before and I don't plan to but I see suicide as more of an option every waking minute.

I'm really sorry about this huge wall of text but I just wanted to put my thoughts out in writing. Thank you for reading, if you have. I'm sure there's more things I haven't shed light on but I guess it will come in time.

