Decision timeBasic info- bipolar 2, borderline, ptsd, social and general anxiety, some agoraphobia, disordered eating/dysmorphia. Female. 24. Can't work or go to school ("yet", as my therapist reminds me). Live with and am financially dependent on my mother.

I posted here not too long ago, but nothing has gotten better, just worse.
I'm supposed to go away to a therapy/hospital place Saturday. Generally its short-term, about one-two weeks. Im in a bad depression, and last night a fight with my SO left me very triggered. I slept on it for a few hours (only to wake up crying from dreams of past sexual abuse), And while that raging impulse has subsided the utter depression and desperation is still there.
What's the point in going to a hospital for "help" when its just part of the same cycle I've been in for the past 3-4 years. I'm hospitalized multiple times a year. After getting out of the hospital/residential in early December I've been trying SO hard to do the right things for myself and make my life better. Only to end up right back here, in this horrible painful empty hopeless desperate place. I just can't see a point in doing this over again. This will be my 9th? Or more, can't remember, hospital stay within 3-4 years. Even when I get to feeling better, am properly medicated, go to my regular therapy twice a week.. the crash is inevitable and unforgiving. I don't see a point in living this way. If you had a let going in and out of the hospital, in pain, eventually you'd say "its in too much pain and its quality of life is too low, its time to give it some peace away from the pain" and you'd put it out of its misery. Even no-kill shelters do this When the animal is clearly in too much pain and nothing can be done. Well, Nothing can be done to change my reality, this cycle that never ends. I build myself up only to fall with the inevitable crash landing. There is no cure, no fix, nothing is alleviating the pain. So why can't I be put out of my misery? Why must I be expected to life an entire existence in suffering.

I have to make the decision by tomorrow, noon. To succumb to the cycle and go to the hospital yet again know that Whatever "better" feeling I get from that is temporary and will inevitably falter and give way to a biological depression, or... just put myself out of my misery.