I don’t know what’s wrong with me.From a very young age, I knew that I wasn’t normal. I didn’t like the same things that most boys did. I didn’t hang out with other kids. I didn’t feel things the same. Things that the other kids found funny, I found pointless. When everyone would laugh and play, I would sit by myself, bored. I constantly felt miserable and I barely smiled. I hated it.

I decided that I didn’t want to be me anymore. I forced myself to like things that I didn’t, and to play with everyone else. It was a struggle at first, but eventually it became second nature. As if my body was on autopilot. This did allow me to have some genuinely happy times, and I met some amazing people who I loved. Everything was fine, and it lasted for some long years.

Now I’m out of high school and I feel terrible again. It’s like the autopilot just turned off, and I can’t turn it back on again. My friends try desperately to talk with me, but I’m “just not there anymore.” “I’ve changed.” Everyone can see it, including me, and I hate it.

I’ve lost all motivation to see people at all. My friends, who I’ve grown to love and consider family, all seem worthless to me now. I used to jump at any moment to be able to see them, but now it’s changed. They ask me to go places, and it disgusts me. The thought of interacting with them makes me sick. It’s fucked up, I know, and it’s all my fault.

I want to be happy so bad, I truly do, but I don’t know how to anymore. I’ve been interested in art for as long as I can remember. I loved being able to create things and express myself. I took an art class all four years of high school, and I loved every second of it. But now whenever I try to paint or dry, I feel empty. The fun is gone. Everything is gone.

My days and weeks have started to blur together and I don’t know what’s happening. It’s like I’m sleepwalking through life and I can’t wake up.

Winter is coming soon. I loved the cold seasons, but now my brain is becoming full of fog. I don’t think of the snow as enjoyable anymore. All I can see is a way out. It sounds terrible, but I want freeze to death.

I find myself imaging just waiting for a cold day, and just leaving. Walking far into the woods until I can’t find my way back. Lying and down and just letting the warmth leave me, and the cold take over until I’m finally gone. That may sound like a terrible way to die, but it seems so peaceful to me. It shouldn’t be.

I hate feelings this way, and I hate saying this but I don’t know what to do. I want to fix myself before my heart becomes completely numb, but maybe it’s too late for that. I feel so worthless and awful about myself. Would the world really even notice if I just disappeared? Who cares if I’m gone, there are billions of other people on earth. One gone wouldn’t even make a dent.

I’m sorry.