I think I am doneMade myself a new account for this- I'd hate to have an IRL friend see my post. 

Ruin the surprise. (That's a bad joke)

Anyway... I am trying so hard to hold on another month or two- if I can get approved for SSI after my hearing I can at least pay off my debt before I die. I think I will try to make it to my birthday- I'll turn 30 and that feels like long enough to have given life a fair chance.

I have a lot of good people in my life- people that rely on me for emotional support, guidance. My family loves me, I live with my parents right now. I have a few sets of friends that regularly worry about me or tell me they love me. There are nine people in the world that I am fairly certain would miss me long term, in a way that might impact their lives. A few of them would probably miss me on holiday, but not regularly. 

I have a few distant friends who might miss me in a more superficial way. In that, we might talk once a year or so if the bug gets them, but realistically me being here or not would be a relatively minor inconvenience, made slightly more painful by the method of leaving, so they may think of me more often after the fact than they would have if I just stopped talking to them.

I am already doing my part to push away the more superficial friendships- in hopes of reducing the fallout that will inevitably result when I die.

It's a near-constant fight to not kill myself at this point. Every time I look around I see the ways -I could kill myself right now-.

I have called every therapist I can access, so far I've had one callback, they have a 50/50 chance of getting an opening soon, but recommend I reach out to more therapists. I will, I am trying not to off myself till my birthday after all. Therapy can be helpful in this goal.

&amp;#x200B;

Realistically speaking I should likely be institutionalized, but the last time I went to the ER I sat there all night until a lady came in, talked to me, sent me home. The time before that I got anxious while in the facility, and turned on the 'do and say the right things' attitude and was released before the 72-hour hold was up. I get great at manipulation when I am anxious or uncomfortable, which is most of the time I interact with other humans.

&amp;#x200B;

A little background; I am disabled, have been my whole life- but didn't realize until 5th grade. Even then I was in denial about how much it would impact my life. Freshman year in highschool it became impossible to deny- I still tried to a degree, but I started to embrace the idea that I wasn't like the other kids.

College rolls around- I've broken up with my boyfriend (With whom I am still scary obsessed and in love), I am living in the dorms, doing my best.

Trauma happens- The school counselor makes sure I know it was in fact my fault, and everything bad that happened there could have been avoided if I was a better human. (Yay for first REAL therapy interaction being equally traumatic as the trauma that triggered it, leaving me with PTSD around therapy- have fun unpacking that one brain.)

More trauma happens as a result of the original trauma and a lack of active support.

In the end, it left me with anxiety and PTSD when it comes to Police, Courthouses, An entire City, A college, A certain name, A local mode of transport, Therapy, Intimacy.

All that rolled up into a bad episode of my illness leaving me to drop out of college- which left me with about 5k in student loans, and nothing to show but PTSD.

Found myself a new boyfriend- I think I knew that if I stayed single I'd kill myself rather than just cutting. But having a S.O. makes me feel super guilty so I don't die on purpose- but I also don't really work hard to avoid death, just don't do it myself.

Boyfriend finds out I am cutting, convinces me to stop- don't cut for a few years.

We get married. Then move. Then I move back, eventually, get a divorce, I was prepping to kill myself, so pushing people away and making those I couldn't push away think poorly of me.

Nov 2014- Get super drunk, end up on chat roulette while waiting for a friend to go to bed. Accidentally let it slip that I'm planning to kill myself that night, random person spends the next three hours convincing me to go to the ER instead. Walk (Still drunk as I kept drinking those three hours) to the ER, a few blocks away from the house I was at. Spend 50\~ hours of a 72-hour hold in a psych facility. It was very nice, but I started feeling anxious that I was going to miss my eye-doctor appointment, so I went from cooperative and honest, to do the right thing, say the right thing. And they released me without much effort. I will say that I was on my way to 'recovery' taking the meds they gave me, and they had me set up to go to therapy, so who knows how things would have gone without that appointment.

Anyway life takes an upward trajectory for a few years. I get back together with my Ex-husband- we decide not to re-marry. Then in 2016/2017 depression shows up in force and I cut a bunch- leaving me with some scars that are still very obvious today, but starting to heal.

End up moving back in with my parents in late 2018.

In 2014 I started to apply for SSI, it kept being rejected, and as time has gone on I have gotten bitter and gotten better at the process- it's been mostly impossible because I have a lot of issues that make it difficult to do anything, much less the right things for SSI.

Oh and recently I've found myself in the depths of an eating disorder. I refused to acknowledge this until I got 10lbs below my goal weight. It started as losing weight for health purposes but got a bit out of hand.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway I don't know if I want help- but I needed something to take up my time so I don't go sit in the car with the windows up. Now that the sun has set... Well, that particular temptation has passed for the day.