How do you cope with the meaninglessness of life?I grew up with a pretty privileged life. I always had food on the table, and got the new videogame I wanted to play. I was babied all throughout my life, never really having to actually do anything hard. 

Now, I'm almost 22 and in college for computer programming because I thought it would be something I would like. I really don't like it at all, it's okay but it brings me no joy. This is my second run at post-secondary school and I honestly do not want to have a job in this field, I just don't like it. But, I just tell myself that every job sucks, and I'm not going to like it no matter what I do. 

I find life so meaningless. Like I don't mind having a job, but it feels so hard to get a job with an actual livable wage. You either have to work extremely hard, or get lucky as fuck and know the right person. Like, I'm probably not actually going to kill myself, but I honestly think about it all the time. I hate being alive, it's full of shitty moments with the occasional happy one that just gets engulfed by the shitty stuff soon after. Like does true happiness even exist? Because I really don't think so. The only things that truly makes me happy are: music, playing videogames and watching movies, but it's insanely hard to make enough money doing something that you love. 

I know I sound like a baby. People have it way worse than me, and fight through it even though it sucks. And I know every problem I have is essentially my own fault for not trying hard enough, but I honestly just don't want to deal with this shit. I don't want to have to work my ass for a job I don't want to do. And do that job for the next 40-50 years of my life, just so I can pay my taxes to a government that's just going to wipe their ass with it. 

I really want to end my life, but the things that are stopping me are: I don't have a gun and probably never will, I can't do that to the people that care about me, and I still want to play videogames. Other than that, I don't really have anything worth living for.

Life is so meaningless. How do you guys deal with thoughts like this? 