whyI can't stop crying. I just hurts so much. I miss her and my son every day. I wake up alone on my couch, and im painfully reminded of everything I've lost. I miss my son so much. He just turned 3 a few months ago. I've only seen him 2 times in the last 2 years. 

I can't even leave my house because of my ptsd. I'm in fucking hell, and no one seems to give a shit. I just turned 23 2 days ago, not a single person asked me how I was doing. My ex didn't even message me on facebook, to wish me a happy birthday. I sat in my house crying and listening to music the whole time. 

I just got out of the army, and I'm on leave right now. I haven't left my house in weeks, except for when I was arrested last week for my music being too loud. It was so humiliating, I have about 20 bags filled with garbage, pizza boxes and chinese food everywhere, and about a hundred half empty beer bottles sitting everywhere. I can't go outside in civilian cloths, plus none of them fit anymore sense I've been back from iraq. I've been binge drinking for months now, and no one has noticed at all. Part of me wish I would just die from drinking too much.

My life has been nothing but shit. I was homeless before the army, now I'm going to be homeless again. I have no family or friends to fall back on. My ex is talking about never letting me see my son again. 

I deployed to iraq so I could die, when she left me. I didn't die, I just came back fucked in the head. Now I can't leave the house without fearing for my life. I just want it all to end, I want it all to go away. 

The only thing keeping me here is my son, and I've already been replaced. For fathers day, another man got to spend time with my son, while I just drank and drank and drank. When will this end? When will the world change? Why can't I fix myself? Why can't I stop crying? Why am I so fucking stupid? Why can't I do anything right? 

I need to get off reddit, but I can't. I have nothing else to do, and I keep getting into arguments with people who never understand me at all. They all think im nothing more than a troll, even when I say im suicidal. It shouldn't even matter this fucking much, I don't know why I let myself get this emotionally invested in the first place. I just thought people would understand. I thought they would help me. I thought that maybe they had the answers I've been denied for so long. 

I want die. I want to die now. I want it to end now. Why can't it just stop? Why can't I just go to sleep, and never wake up again. I have no future, I have no family, I have no friends, and the only thing I though I had is nothing more than my own arrogance. I am not intelligent, and I will never be. I'm just another fucking moron who thinks he has all the answers. 

I remember the first week of her being gone. I was evicted, and the army didn't care because I was nothing but a fuck up. I spent christmas vacation ina perpetual state of drunkness, crying and wanting to die. Then I had 45 days extra duty for skipping my last extra duty to try to mend my relationship with my wife. I skipped on thanksgiving of all days, and they didn't care. 

I ruined my relationship, but so did the army. They didn't give me leave when my son was born. They put me on suicide watch and everyone rejected me. They didn't let me deploy at first because of it. 

I turned it all around after those 45 days. I went to the gym 2 times a day. MY goal was to be deployed, so I could die, and people would remember me. But I didn't die. I lived. And now no one remembers me. No one cares about me. I have no one and nothing. its all gone.

Fucking hell why can't I stop sobbing. 

I have thought about accidents. How can I die that will make it look like I wasn't selfish? I want to go out without people hating me when I'm gone. I want to die without suffering, I've suffered enough. I need music too. I need there to be music playing when I die. Something epic, something that can make me feel as if my life mattered. I need a song so emotional and filled with energy that it feels like im not dying, but being born. I want to be free of this suffering. 

I just want it to end.