overdosing tonight. sorry guys.i think i might overdose tonight. its fucking hopeless its literally fucking hopeless im a lose cause. my mom is abusive and i was finishign up an art commission downstairs and i asked when my next psychiatrist meeting is and she said “august 10th but what are you going to tell him?” and i said “none of your business” and she literally fucking said “why dont you go by yourself because i dont want to deal with your crap ok?” and i said “its not crap” and she started guilt tirpping me and syaing shes cookign my food for dinner and she des so much for m mme i fuckin  g hate eher i hate her shes oifoging to be one of the reasons i die.

i have (most of these self diagnosed because she doesnt want to get me help. please dont tell me how i shouldnt self diagnose please.) bpd, dpd, depression, anxiety, add, ocd, autism, and i probably have paranoia and delusional disorder. 

i cant get help i literally fucking cant get help. eveyrone i know is leaving me literaly everyone. i lost a best friend yesterday and another one today, and ive lost around 10 more the past month.

ill never be loved. i have to deal with myself on an everyday basis. everyhting hurts and im worthless im fucking worthless my art is shit my life is shit i believe im a god im disgusting and filthy and i abused people nothing feels right the world is going to shit and honestly idc if i go to hell as long as im  free.

im trans and feel fucking awful all the time i get dysphoria ill never be able to transition because my piece of shit mom believes in gender roles she says i cant be trans i wear skirts and makeup and dresses!!

i cant do it anymore guys. im so fucking sorry. im so tired. im so sad im so sad im so sad nothing feels worth it i miss everything i want to feel happy again but i cant without help and medication which i wont get. im so fucking sorry guys.

please dont follow my footsteps. im being selfish for the last time. im so sorry guys. idk when im doing it, probably around 3-4 am when my mom falls asleep and ill probably hit post limit because you guys will try to stop me. i jsut want peace for once i want to be happy you guys you dont understand

im so sad im so sad sim so sad

please please please dont call 911 or anyone i dont need my mom to get more angry with me i dont want to burden her with hospital bills and make her stand by me at the hospital and make her have tyhe worst day of her life.

i just want to die so bad. ive attempted so many times with liquid ibuprofen and a belt. my mom actually has pills that can /kill/ me.

ive abused people. ive done so many shitty things. its better for all of us. i want to change but no matter what i do i fuck up i always fuck up and get abandoned again. no matter what i do i end up abusing them. i want to change but i cant i literally utterly cannot change. this was my destiny.

i hope i can feel peace and love and accptance and happiness in the afterlife, if there is one.