"is it not better abort than be barren"?was doing some of my work today and revisited Samuel Beckett's poem titled "Cascando". In it he has this line and when I read it I just kinda started tearing up and I hate it that I did. For the ones wondering what it does hint at, the speaker of the poem is saying that perhaps it is better to abort (end, stop, cease) life than to be barren (empty). 

I wanted to say that I'm very tired of being here and I hate it. I had a very bad experience being friends with a person who I ended up having to travel overseas with for 5 months (see my previous post on trueoffmychest for some details) and long story short I was bullied and he was terrible to me. Called me fat, stupid, and you would think like I'm 23 years old! How could I possibly be affected by this! 

Turns out I was, more than I thought. My body dysphoria (I hope I'm using this right) is getting worse even though I've lost over 20 kgs from being 110 to begin with... I wake up sometimes in the middle of my sleep crying. Every day I think about wanting to die and visualising the ways in which I can do it. I picture what my letters to people would say, and then conclude that I won't even write any. I'm only still here because I don't have the energy to try ending it all. But each day when I leave the house I wish something will just kill me already, like a car and all. Does that make sense? I don't know. I keep crying and I'm sick of crying. Then sometimes I don't feel anything and I'm sick of that too. 

The worst thing is that I have everything. I'm in a college that provides great education, I live in a country that is sheltered, I belong to the majority race of that country, my family is middle class and we have enough to enjoy small luxuries, I have good friends and mentors, and I have some hope in my studies and in furthering it. But why? Why do I still not feel anything more than pain? I'm not looking to be happy. I'm just looking to be more content with the lot i have in life but I've tried and tried and I still can't. As each day goes by I feel like I'm closer to ending it and I want it but hate it. I'm lonely and I'm tired. Now I really just... Want to cry again.

If you read all the way I really appreciate it. Thanks and be safe, everyone.