Please HelpSorry if this isn't the right subreddit, I'm not even paying attention right now. My life has spiraled out of control. 

Here's my backstory: 
My mind works differently than yours. From what I've heard, I think it's pretty unique. I always think in the long term like 5-10+ year horizon. 
So with that, I have worked constantly. I'm stressed about my future and I worked full time during highschool and still got decent grades (85 average). 
I saved every penny. 

So I have been suffering from depression. It's hard to meet friends when I'm always busy and a bit of an asshole (I try hard not to be)

So here's the big thing: my girlfriend moved to Australia. For 5 months. It started off uneasy, I was anxious about the time difference and I was afraid (only a little) that she would leave me. 
She stopped talking to me and I pleaded to her to talk, this drive her to break it off after an INCREDIBLE 2+ years together. 

This girl was the entire package: she was so cute, funny, smart, beautiful, we had sex literally all the time (when we were together: we had a long distance thing). And after a while, she became my life. I wasn't a believer of marriage until I met this amazing girl. 

So she broke up with me. I've been getting a lot of support from a few friends and my family. I'm alone again. I love far away from my hometown.
As I previously said, I think in the long term: finish university, hey my masters, get a good job, and I wanted to be with this girl forever. 
As I previously said, I never felt like this before. I didn't want to get married: this girl changed that. 
And she left me over my anxiety issues affecting her. She wouldn't give me any closure. She wasn't supportive. She is completely isolating me and I fear that we may never speak again.

I have tried commuting suicide twice previously. Once I took pills and vodka.. I didn't think I was going to die but the possibility that I may die actually gave me comfort like I had control over my happiness. So the result of that was I got high.. I'd never been high before.. And I went to work. I nearly fell over many times, I fell asleep while working, and I can't even remember half the shift! 

The second time I drank bleach. I didn't think I'd die but the control gave me comfort. I stopped breathing only briefly and my throat felt so inflamed.

I almost committed suicide last night. Wanted to drive into oncoming traffic. Now I'm seeking help. 
I live in Ottawa and attend university at OttawaU, I know this is a but forward and you may not want to get involved with an emotionally destructive guy, but I'd be so happy to meet someone for coffee. Anyone. If you're down for a beer or coffee, whatever, inbox me, perhaps we can go through this together if you're also suffering.

I've been getting help and on the right path but I kept help but think 'I don't know if I will be alive next week' because the temptations are really hard to ignore.