The end of the roadI've never posted on reddit to be frank. My girlfriend suggested I do. So here I am, at the end of the road, with no clue what I'm supposed to do. I've had Robles with depression for about 11 years now, but in recent times I think about ending it everyday. At the very least I visualize slicing open my arm, the depth of it, the blood gushing out. It's always there.

I live in a developing country with no social security or really any kind of support system in place for pretty much anything. I am so heavily in debt that I don't even have the strength to find out just how much. I recently gave interviews and even managed to get a job which I can't take. I was hoping that job would help me with my debts, help me get back on my feet. I'm so broke right now that my checking account is in negative and I had to walk back 10k from my interview and sleep hungry because I have no money. On top of it all, I'm meant to support my brother and I can barely give him enough to feed himself, let alone give him enough to attend college. I'm fucking up his life because I fucked up mine.

My mom who stays in another country has an apartment she'd like to sell which is currently resided by her mother and sister-in-law (SIL) who are absolutely horrible to her and won't leave. As I mentioned, not a lot of support systems where I am and courts are backlogged. My whole family is in a financial rut so my mum can't come down and fight a legal battle to get possession of her own house which she'd like to sell for some financial support.

I'm made POA and am supposed to fight the case. How I'm supposed to pay the lawyers I don't know. I'm scared my mums SIL, who is known to have crooked friends will do something to me to disrupt court proceedings. On top of that I get calls from creditors every single day. With no laws governing what they can do, they are Hella abusive and threatening. Soon they'll be making visits to my house. Even if I do manage to get a job while fighting the case in court. I'm so far behind on payments that my creditors will be making visits to my workplace if I get a job (they really have no boundaries or laws governing them). If that leads to termination, I can kiss getting another job goodbye.

Thought about filing for bankruptcy to get some breathing room but even that'd require me hiring a lawyer which I cannot afford and trips to court. My girlfriend has helped me financially as much as she can. She still helps me out with meals every now and again, even used her car to go for interviews. But now I have to move to another city because the legal case is there. I'm scared of leaving behind the one person who has been my support through it all. Sometimes I feel like she deserves much better than me. My brain convinces me that she's pulling away when it's me who is pushing her away when all she's doing is trying to help.

I really don't know what I can do right now to get myself out of this. I can't take more of my creditors, and listening to how poorly my mum is treated is by her own mother. My grandmum told her she's a bitch and deserves to lie in dirt. This broke her and it broke me. I don't even think I'm in a frame of mind where I'd be able to work even if I got a job.

I don't even know what I'm looking for here. Maybe I just need to vent and my girlfriend suggested this is a good medium to do so.