"You look so innocent it looks fun to destroy you"I was told that phrase when I was explaining one time to someone who I looked up to as my mentor when I asked, "It shouldn't be such a frequent phenomena to occur everywhere I go."

Having Asian family and being the middle child, I was ignored and abused. I was bullied in school for not being a "gangsta"-clique in a school in the middle of nowhere/valley at the time. My 1st relationship ended up abusive verbally, physically, and I used to be a sex before marriage mentality until he deflowered me against my will. I finally was able to leave him when he cheated on me. (thank GOD).

My next relationship after that had pride, ego, and anger issues. I didn't want to look for a relationship but things happen -- and the worse happened with him. We never made it official but he kept me down when I was coming up as a freelancer. I left him too.

In the industry I'm in, every company or entity I've worked with was full-force sexism. Because I never had a career before and only one job I was taken advantage of and severely underpaid. Because this is a form of the music industry I've even had people offer me "have sex with me and I'll give you access to all my connections" to "I'm taking your gigs and doing them for free" to push me out. It's a full on boys world.

Now I'm stuck day after day with different companies being a freelancer in the city. A female freelancer. I tried having a part time for a few months and even ended up with a manager who is male dominant  suppressed LGBTQ who is too focused on his pride than his business to treat any of his workers well with a turn over rate of people leaving within a month or so.

I can't go back home, my family recently committed fraud and charged 500 into my name without me knowing. I have nowhere to turn to and my boyfriend cannot help me. I can't go back to school either I don't know where to go neither have the funds nor direction to do so. I'm constantly telling myself I need to kill myself because I can't escape being who I am and taken advantage of constantly.

What else am I supposed to do? I know my thoughts were everywhere. I know no one can really help me. I've been suicidal for years with very good reasons to be like this. I have so many more horror stories and every time i keep pushing through my career with 4 years of experience I keep getting cucked out of my main income for being female... my experience doesn't matter at all. I might have to become homeless soon, especially living in a high rent city. I have no where to go once all my independence slips away from my hands.

edit//: My depression keeps getting worse with each situation that eats at me with the same reoccurring theme that it's getting in the way of me trying to advance/work on myself*

My passion and self-worth is non-existent simply for being a female. I have no respect and cannot defend myself. When I do it worsens every situation. I am pushed into a corner. I am pushed into the ground. It feels like the only safe place is drowning in the waters of my depression. But it hurts all the same. if the pain is all the same why can't I kill myself?...
