My life is meaningless but everyone is trying to convince me not to die.It's been a month or so that my life has lost all meaning and purpose. From the outside, I'm a very successful, beautiful woman with a fascinating life, loving friends and family. I just nailed a new very prestigious job that most of my colleagues would kill for. It would have been the best time of my life. I was ready to move to a new beautiful house. For the first time in my life, I started thinking about having a family of my own. But none of that matters anymore, because the person I wanted to share all that is no longer in my life. I had to leave him, even though I love him and I know he loves me. 

I can't find pleasure in anything I do. Friends and family have been trying to keep me alive for weeks, trying to distract me, but they've grown tired. I don't blame them. I've become a pain. I can't sleep at night. Every passing moment I'm thinking of all the love and tenderness that my life was filled with until recently. All that love that has now been replaced by a gaping void. I haven't been able to eat properly for a month. I feel like a robot. Everything I do is mechanical. I feel detached from myself and dehumanized. 

I've been seeing a therapist. I'm pretty sure he has no clue how I feel or doesn't believe me when I tell him. You see I'm always laughing and making jokes about my misery that people actually think I'm fine.

Everyone keeps telling me that life is worth living; that things will get better. The pain will go away, something new, something better will come my way. I know this is what they have to say. It's what they want to believe for themselves. I'd say the same bullshit in their shoes. But I know myself. I know how rare it is for me to find a real connection with someone. And I know that it is utterly impossible to find someone to replace the connection I lost. I know my words sound like a cheap banality, but I know there will be no happiness for me, as I know that the sun will rise tomorrow. I don't want to replace that special place in my heart with anything else. I know nothing will measure up. But without this love, that only spoke to my heart, I have no reason to breathe. 

I don't understand why I have to keep living like an empty shell only to keep other people satisfied. Why do I have to spend every waking moment in a never-ending nightmare? Work has no meaning, I've been unable to focus and fulfill my obligations and it is clear to me that soon everyone will see how the perfectionist I used to be is no more. Why do I have to keep myself open to even more humiliation? What is the point? 

The only thing that comforts me during the day is when I think of dying. 

I don't want to hear any more bullshit about the gift of life. I would just like people to respect my decision and help me exit this world with love and dignity. Hold my hand and let me go.