My life as it is so far...I'm currently 22yrs old and living in the UK, I was "diagnosed" with depression and anxiety disorders late 2012. I'll try to be brief yet thorough in this post. I grew up a single child with a hostile violent farther and a neurotic drug addict mother, from ages around 6 I'm remember being taken to addicts houses where they would chase the dragon or even worse public toilets, it didn't bother me much then as it was the norm for me. My farthers violence was ironicly the cause of my mums drug abuse. When I was 7 she left and was put in a mental hospital. Which in return was a good thing because she was free of him. I however was not, I won't tell each incident he beat me as too many, one for instance me and my father were playing ps2 tenchu game and I had beaten him a few times on multiplayer, he lost his rag and smashed a China cup on my face. As time went by I got used to treading on egg shells until I was about 14 and met my first gf which he was totally against. By the time I was 15 and could fight back he decided to kick me out on Christmas day, from then I was homeless for approx 2 years until I turned 18 and have been working full time since. The most disheartening reality is that my mother is in an awful situation she's drug free! But has paranoid phycosis, osteoporosis and hep c. I haven't spoke with my father for 7 years and my mum is so depressed she keeps talking about taking an OD of heroine before her hep is terminal and the worst part is I can completely sympathize with her, but the whole reality of my life gets me extremely upset and makes me want to end it as all the future holds for certain is unbearable. My mum is currently paying off her funeral plans and is all she seems to talk about no real care for how any of this maybe effecting me, but I keep thinking to myself I've dealt with this shit all my life surely it should get easier, I've had CAT theorpy, counseling meds the lot. None work. Please if anyone has any helpful suggestions please speak up. Thanks.