Coming up on the 6 year anniversary of mother’s suicide... I need to vent.I’ve grown tired of the run-around honestly. I’m a 25-year-old male and have mood swings that make you think I was PMS’ing if I was a woman. Yeah I look macho, built, and some would even say handsome, but I’m my mother’s son through and through. She still to this day has been the closest person to me in my life. Next month will mark 6 years since she shot herself. I was never given the chance to grieve after she died. I was a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons) at the time and the social pressures of the church accompanied with the my father’s ridiculous anxieties, shoved me back into the mission field after only 10 days of mourning where I was told to “forget everything and be a missionary!”

I left the church for this and other reasons about 3 years ago and have been adjusting into a more customized life without it since. I’ve learned a lot since then, not just about life but about myself. Getting out of the Mormon bubble was a great decision and while I feel like I’m finally coming to terms with leaving all the Joseph Smith bullshit behind, the melancholy of my mother’s death still has lingered and Death seems to be periodically tapping me on the shoulder.

I visited a psychologist on and off for years following my mom’s suicide. He was a family friend I had known my entire life, someone I had participated in therapy sessions with since I was 12. My mother had also consoled in him often, though even he was completely perplexed as to why she had taken her life. He was also Mormon and after arguing with me for nearly a year in-session concerning my departure from the church, I basically told him to “fuck off” and went without therapy for a long while.

From there I fell into strange times. Lots of experimenting with drugs, alcohol, and counterculture as many young people disaffecting from the LDS church often do. I became intrigued by psychedelics and probably took a little too much LSD in one particular summer (dosing once a week) that introduced me to the terror of panic attacks. Psychedelia was a double-edged sword for me. I felt it helped me really open my views from the tiny box my perspective had been contained in from my upbringing. My original intent had been to use LSD and psilocybin to help me come to terms with my mother’s death, my departure from religion, and find who I was by moving on but I never really was 100% successful in my endeavors. As I said, I overdid it and while I was opened to some truly amazing and beautiful realities of nature, there was the gaping hopelessness of the universe that brought me down into stress and terror.

I would say it took me about a year to recover from my LSD abuse, but that’s hardly the case. It’s more so that I’ve brought myself to a point where I can at least somewhat function in day-to-day life, though I still at times have flashbacks of bad trips which very easily trigger panic attacks. These are almost as terrifying as the depression spells, which is where that lingering mention of Death comes into play. I feel like my time is running short, which is something reminiscent of what my mother often said the months before she passed. If I’m not absolutely terrified of dying in a panic episode, I’m infatuated with dying in a depressive episode. I feel I understand that woman now more than ever: the periodic loss of memory, the numbness, the unexplainable stress inflicting hell on my bowels, the occasional inability to do anything at all. When she took her life, most blamed menopause, but now I’m doubtful.

These depressive episodes are as surreal as the panic attacks, though in their own flavor of non-reality. Sometimes triggered, sometime hitting me entirely unsolicited. It starts with the anxiety banging around in my skull like a pinball machine, it physically hurts and I can almost feel the cortisol rushing and pooling through my body. My mind races and I become forgetful. Basic tasks become a hassle, making work and school particularly difficult, especially when I’m under the gun. My back starts hurting, my muscles lose coordination, and I focus on every little movement in desperate attempts to keep my crooked back as straight as I can situate it and my posture as flawless as possible. I feel hopeless and my mind hyper-focuses on that hopelessness: *I’m pathetic mass of cells eeking out an existence on this rock. I’m too emotional. I can’t get over my past. I’m stuck. I’m a failure. My family is a long line of failures... bad genes. I’m 25-years-old and still a sophomore in college. 7 years on and off of college and still getting absolutely nowhere. I have wasted me youth. My future is fucked.*

The strain on my psyche gets worse and worse, and the one thing that seems to lessen the hurt is suicide, or contemplating suicide to be more precise. I’ve had moments of euphoria in this state where contemplating the total dissolution and destruction of my being makes my blood rush and my nerve endings tingle in an almost orgasmic rush of endorphins. My sorrow boils over and in that sorrow some paradigm shatters where I actually find bliss in the pain. I’ve made attempts in this state though luckily they both were unsuccessful. Hardly anyone knows I’ve tried to off myself.

These episodes were a major problem this last fall and actually drove me to finally seek out professional help again, this time from my university. They placed me with a psychology student working on her doctorate and I actually saw some progress. Now that the school year is over however, these occurrences have begun to flare up again. Death seems to come to me as a comfort, especially when I’m stressed out. Like an old friend coming by to say, “I’m here to make it all stop when you’re ready, buddy.” I’ve grown irritable, a real asshole to the people closest to me and a whipped dog to those I can only call acquaintances. While I’ve sought to rectify my social situation as much as I can, I still fall short. I still have to apologize constantly and try to make up for the consistent mistakes and affronts, no matter what measures I take to prevent them. My childhood oddness has finally caught up with me.

Right now I’m up in a rural place working a summer job. It’s beautiful here. I do this every summer where I’ll venture out to some awesome place for work to have adventures and make my life beautiful, but the emptiness is still consuming me. I’m in my own personal heaven, yet I seem to carry my hell with me constantly. The episodes are growing closer together and as I recall my mother as I always do this time of year, I think I see now why she lost it.