My story, to hopefully encourage others in a similar situation.First of all, I hope this doesn't violate the rules of this subreddit. I need to get this off of my chest, and in the process I hope it might help others in a similar situation.


I started off as your typical fat nerd in grade school.  Limited friends, bullied quite a bit, etc  I went to high school thinking things would be different. They weren't.  I had no real friends, and somehow I even had made "enemies". People who wanted to harm me as much as they could. It got to the point where someone had created an entire website mocking every aspect of my life.  I found it. I found the comments section, where I could read name by name the people I thought were friends completely ridicule me. I had never felt more alone.

Fast forward to high school graduation.  From that day forward I didn't talk to anyone from my old school with the exception of my then girlfriend.  After some months go by, as my grandfather was on his deathbed and I was an emotional wreck to begin with, I find out that the girlfriend had been cheating on me for months with someone that used to be my friend in high school.  I was devastated.  

Now during these times, I had gone to psychologists at the urging of my parents. They knew something was wrong.  The psychologist diagnosed me with having depression.  She recommended going on medicine to help. I refused, however, as at the time I didn't want to be on happy pills in order to be alive. Maybe it was the chemical imbalance  talking, who who knows what, but I had convinced myself that I would over come it or die trying.

Fast forward a couple of years, still in college.  In an attempt to be social and have true friends, I joined multiple groups to feel "a part of something".  The problem, though, was that with a 21 credit course load and trying to be fully involved in about 6 organizations that had multiple meetings per week, and holding down a job, over extended me.  It was too much.

At the time, I didn't understand why things got worse. I just knew that they felt worse. From running around non-stop, but not finding the support that I needed, I was spiraling further into depression.  As any of you who have dealt with depression know, the further down you go, the faster down you go, and if you don't recognize it and work hard to overcome it, it just continues to spiral downward. 

I hit rock bottom.  Sitting in my college apartment. Contemplating what was worth living for.  I had a knife out.  I had it on my skin and I was crying my eyes out.  My mind just kept racing. I felt like I had nothing. Being a religious person, I prayed.  I wanted just one reason to not end it all.  I came up with four.

God, Family, Friends, Self.  That is the way I had always lived my life. Putting others before me. But this time it was different. I considered the effect of what suicide would have done to each of them. I'll skip the religion part, but I thought about my family. 

What would it do to my parents? My brother? My sister? All of my aunts and uncles and cousins.  They would be devastated. At this point I figured they valued my life more than I did. But I valued their life more than mine. And because of that I didn't want to put them through that. My sister had gone through her own battles with depression. Me committing suicide would not help that.  My mom, who had been wonderful all of my life, would have carried this burden for the rest of hers. She would have blamed herself.  I couldn't do that to them.

What about my friends? Sure I had a hard time naming people that I considered true friends. But there were plenty of people out there that considered me one of their friends. It would harm them to have to go through this. My reasons were personal and selfish for wanting to kill myself, but the effect was as far from being personal as you can get. None of those people needed to go through having a friend commit suicide. Trying to replay the last conversation in their mind. Playing the "what if" game to see if they could have helped. It just wasn't fair to them to have to shoulder my burdens like that.

And I thought about me.  I thought about whether I could do it.  I figured I would be able to if the time came, but then I thought about all of the things on Earth that I haven't done yet. I told myself that I wasn't ready to leave yet.  I had more to experience whether the world liked it or not.  I like to travel and I thought about all of the countries I never got to visit. The cultures I never experienced.  I thought about all of the great foods and craft beers that I would never get to taste.  I thought about the nephews and nieces I was bound to have, and would never get to meet.  There was suddenly just so much more to life that I wasn't ready to give up on yet.

Now, as those of you with depression know, it doesn't just go away most of the time.  Unfortunately I did turn to self harm. Carving and burning symbols for those 4 things into my wrist.  But I was able to work past that, using those symbols as a beacon of hope and strength.  I was able to kick the horrible habit of self harm with love and support from my family and a couple of friends.

And here I am today.  It's been almost 5 years since I held that knife to my skin.  What a fantastic ride it has been. I graduated college. moved, moved back, bought a house, and started a career.  I traveled to any place I had the means to go, including this past year doing a 900 mile road trip through 3 states in 3 days, including stopping at the Grand Canyon.  And most importantly I found a great group of friends that act as my support group. Some of them knowingly, and some unknowingly.  But I found friends that would give their life up for me. And I would give mine up for them.  This has made these last few years sweeter than anything else I had experienced in life.  I have also found some healthy coping mechanisms for my depression. This has been key. Being able to stop depression from controlling me. The last of the scars from my self harm is almost faded away.  I plan on getting the same 4 symbols as a tattoo. A permanent and constant reminder that I have gotten through my lowest point, and I have found a reason to keep moving forward.

So, if you are reading this and are in a similar situation, know that it gets better. Much better.  It isn't always an easy path, but what good thing is ever easy? Find your support group. Find your healthy coping mechanisms. And find your reasons to live.