I have an hour-long car-commute daily....(tw planning)I have been very depressed over the last year and for the last few months it has become critical. My insurance is awful and I am very poor, but not poor enough to be on Medicaid (ironically the agency I also work for) so I am unable to find affordable help. I am feeling very hopeless and miserable. more and more over the last few weeks, I have a very strong desire to wreck my car and end my life. recently I squished a fly in my house and I pondered over it for a weirdly long amount of time, like "Its over just like that, huh? No pain." That thought evolved into "Hey kind of like a car wreck." which has now evolved into "I have a very good opportunity to kms that could even look like a tragic accident to my family."

I feel oddly excited and peaceful, like planning a new project. I started working on a note, I have a plan for my cat, I am trying to tie everything up financially. I feel like I'm doing something interesting and start actually feeling less depressed, then I remember what it is that I'm planning. 

I'm so miserable, I want to die. I have gained 35 lbs since 2017. I have completely stopped talking to my friends for the last year. I make less than 30k a year at the full-time job ive been at for two years. I cant get another job, I'm too stupid and emotionally unstable for the private sector. I owe over 50k for student loans on a throw-away degree. I am a caseworker with Medicaid and SNAP and I used to love my job. I love helping people. My state's new inhumane Medicaid requirements have made me loathe my job, I feel like I am doing something unethical. my memories have turned on me too, everything I used to remember fondly has some extra stank on it for some reason. its hard to explain, but somehow in the last year my memories have all warped, everything feels painful. I cant think about school, childhood, cartoons, foods, people, relationships, pets, holidays--really anything at all w/o triggering an intrusive memory. I feel like maybe ive never been happy for a day in my life. I want to die, I really just want to die. 