I should be happy?I want to apologize before hand if this post seems to be all over the place. I haven't thought out the best way to make this post, so I may talk about one thing, and then go to another only to go back to the original thing. I hope that makes sense.

Anyways, I am an 18 year old senior and I am supposed to graduate in May. I'm not exactly sure I'll be able to live long enough to get to that point. 

I have a life that most people would want for themselves...my parents are upper middle class and I live in a really nice house. I have a room to myself, my own gaming devices, a dog, parents willing to pay for college, a roof over my head, food to eat, water, clothes, etc. I have a lot of things that I should be happy about. A lot of things that I'm sure a lot of people would like to have. I'm sorry if it sounds like I'm bragging, but this will make sense sorta soon.

I have, or should I say had, a decent group of friends. I only chose people who I felt I could actually trust. I don't like having 'friends' who drop in every once in a while when they need something from me, so I got really picky. This has left me with about 3-5 friends. Friends, as I said, I trust. Well, recently those friends have all been leaving me. One has decided that getting drunk every night is the best way for her to spend her time, blocking out the people who care about her and want to help. One was a manipulative piece of trash who almost made me lose every friend I had, a couple just don't speak to me anymore, and one actually tries to keep in contact. She is my closest friend, one I'm hoping I never lose. 

I'm not sure why I mentioned all that. Maybe because losing friends is a part of my problem? Idk.

I feel like I'm a constant disappointment toward my family, and I mean every member of my family. I always seem to let down each and every one of them...

I always seem to give my mom reasons to be pissed off at me. I don't really know how to put down examples without putting down every damn mistake I have made in my life. She has told me that she trusts me, and that I'm a good kid. But almost right afterwards there will be some reason to why I'm lazy, how I never help anyone around the house, how I can't get good grades, how I can't seem to help my parents out with signing up for scholarships. The thing is, she also says the opposites of those. One summer I spent the entire three months with my great grandparents in California, and my mom said "I didn't realize how much you help around the house. I miss you being here.""My son is about a straight A student" I also have been looking for scholarships to help me, but that really is my fault. I haven't done well in high school...I have a 2.86 cumulative GPA and scholarships tend to want something higher. At least a 3.0. I screwed myself over, and due to my parents making a lot of money I can take out barely anything for student loans. 

If my parents don't pay for my college, then I will have to work until I get the money, and it's freaking expensive. By the time I'll have the money my drive to go to college will probably be diminished. I also know that if I allow my parents to help me...they'll hold the money over my head and try and control me with it. 

When I was fourteen my dad told me that he was surprised that I was still alive. What does that mean? He's surprised he hadn't killed me yet? Well, I say Dad but he is only my legal father. My bio father left me when I was 1 and I'm pretty sure my legal father doesn't care about me anyways. I tried to show how much I hated him every chance I could...and I do regret it. But I'm sure it's stuck with him.

My autistic brother has always found reasons to insult me. My friends feel bad for me, so that's the only reason they are around. He calls me fat, which I am but I've learned to live with it and am currently trying to fix that problem. My entire family hates me, and more. He has said a lot to me over the years. He has also, on multiple occasions, said I'm the worst brother and that all he does is try to have a relationship with me. Idk if I'm missing something? It feels like he just hates me, but apparently is trying to have a relationship? I understand that he is a bully, but I have tried so hard to find something for us to be brothers, but I can't find anything. 

My sister has called me the worst brother ever...which stings compared to my brother. He bullies her too. He's just an all around dick and I try to be nice to her, but she has said multiple times that I am the worst brother ever...and then she tries to act like nothing happened. Honest to god, she will say that and then 2 minutes later try to talk to me and get mad when I am upset.

I have a baby sister though...who seems to like me. But it's only because she isn't able to understand what there isn't to like about me.

I just hate myself. It wasn't bad before, but recently I've been crying myself to sleep. I think of all the horrible things about myself and that's how I get myself to sleep. I know that everyone would be better off if I just dissapeared. If I didn't exist anymore...If they didn't have to deal with me. I mean, yeah, people may act sad at first, but they will realize that they are happier without me around. They'll realize that I was just a burden, if they don't already know it.

Before anyone asks, yes, I have tried talking to people. Not a professional, but my parents and friends. My friends just pretend to listen and try to change the subject right after I'm done talking. Or they'll say "I understand, it gets better." Yeah, easier said than done. 

My Mom has told me that she wouldn't be able to take it if I was depressed/sad in any way, shape,or form.  She has to take pills due to her depression...but she's too worried about herself to be worried about me. I guess it's good that I've stopped worrying about myself? 

I'm also one of the biggest reasons that my brother almost killed himself. The only reason we found out was because my mom happened to catch a glimpse of the cuts on his arms...and man there would so many damn cuts. They covered every inch of his arms, his wrists too. It was...horrible to look at. He even used my knife to do that to himself. Hell, how could I not notice my knife was missing?

He had a detailed plan as to how he was going to kill himself, and when. At one point he went into my fathers gun safe and pulled out a gun, but didn't find any bullets. I guess it's lucky my dad didn't put any in there at the time...

I have caused so much pain to everyone that I love. All I do is hurt and disappoint those around me. I just hide in my room now because I know the second I leave that someone will get upset with me...it's inevitable. 

Idk what the point I'm trying to get across is. I don't know why I'm posting here. Maybe it's because I have no one to talk to, so I'm resorting to internet strangers? Pathetic...isn't it. 

I also hate that I'm like this because there are people with real problems. People who have been raped, abused, assaulted, and hurt in other ways. They have had terrible things happen that make it understandable why they feel the way they do. I have no excuse to hate myself and want to die. There are so many people who have it worse and here I am...hurting all over the facts that I feel no one 'cares'. No, the fact I KNOW that no one cares. Tsk. It's stupid how I feel. And I understand that. 

I have an amazing life that I should love and be grateful for. But all I can think about is how better off everyone would be without me. Ha...I should probably throw away the knives in my bedroom. I have two, and I constantly think of grabbing them. One time I grabbed one and placed the blade on my skin...but talked myself out of it.

Maybe this post isn't getting across what I want it to, maybe no one will understand why I feel the way I do based off what I said. It doesn't matter anyways, as my previous paragraph talked about, there are people who have it worse. 

Maybe I'll get better, maybe I won't. But I'm certain that I won't make it to my graduation...not like anyone would care enough anyways.