Breaking point6 months ago I was happy and (relatively) healthy. I took a 5 day course of antibiotics that has completely changed my life. These antibiotics are called quinolone antibiotics, and they have a very under-reported side effect of arthritis, tendonitis, amongst a host of other nasty shit. Of course, I ended up with these side effects. The antibiotic in question is Cipro. A similar antibiotic called Levaquin is something I had taken previously in the year. I had a mild reaction to that but did not notice it at the time. 

For more information on this, see this non-profit devoted to removing these drugs from most clinical practice:
http://www.saferpills.org/

Anyway, I went from being super athletic, running every day, lifting weights, playing sports, etc. etc. 24 year old guy, into a 25 year old guy who is very seriously contemplating taking a shit load of ambien, klonopin, and booze and forgetting about this failed attempt at life. 

In November I took the medication and immediately had joint pains. I thought it was from overtraining. I continued the medication until it was complete. The joint pain subsided somewhat and then in December it was like a bomb went off in my body. I suffered massive tendonitis, nerve damage, and neurological effects such as myoclonic jerks and twitches. 

At 1 month out I started to get better. I thought things were looking up. At 3 months I started to play some Rugby again. Then at month 4 pains came flooding back. Dry eyes started. Tooth pain started. My gums started receeding. The neurological effects flared up. Old surgeries in my feet started aching and throbbing. I'm 6 months out from taking these pills and am again in a huge rut. My muscle is fading away. I'm turning into a flabby mess. I can't run, lift weights, bike, fucking anything. All I can do is sit around, sit at work, and fucking sit online. 

I've been to numerous doctors. They all agree that what has happened to me is due to the antibiotics. In spite of this, we have looked to see if it spurred an autoimmune disease or something similar. No such luck. I've been offered painkillers...which I really don't have a need for as I don't care about the pain so much as my inability to fucking move. 

Anyway, there are support groups for people who have suffered from these drugs on facebook and yahoo. Many people have gotten better, but many others are miserable for the rest of their life. I am wondering if I am going to end up in that latter portion. I have good friends and a girlfriend but they have no idea as to the severity of what I am going through. Neither do my parents. They just don't get how serious or life-changing this is. 

I just don't know what to do anymore...day after day after day of waking up and hoping that THIS is going to be the day where I feel better. And it's not. 

It's probably the most depressing thing in the world. I seriously wouldn't wish this fate upon the worst individual in the world. I can't imagine anything more torturous than what I am going through. 