My Situation.Hey all. I'll try to say as much as I can. I don't need help, I don't need compassion. I want to express myself because I'm boiling up with all my feelings and I want some people to know EXACTLY what might lead me to a potential death.
Let's start with me in general. I'm a 16 yo French male. I've always been shy and I've never really had any self confidence. I've been bullied in 7th grade for being overweight, and a nerd in class. After that I became pseudo depressive, kept saying I'd kill myself but all I really wanted was a bit of attention and love. Which I didn't get but anyway.
Now... today. I'm a different person. I've become the most heartless, careless bastard you can imagine. Because I chose to. It all started with a movie I watched. I won't bother to tell you what it was but I'll tell you what made me think and become what I am today.
This movie occupies a very dear space in my heart. It showed me the side of life i deeply want to discover. It's dumb I know, but it made me realize what I'm missing in my life. I'll try to make a little sum up of what I learnt. First, friendship. I think that might have been one of the biggest parts of the movie that hit me right in the guts. That movie made me question my definition of friendship. What are friends ? Do I have any? Do I even FEEL?! And yeah. Turns out I don't feel shit for anyone. My so called friends are dicks. And I don't like them. So yeah I'm alone on the friends point of view. Second, love (on all side of things). By that I mean I saw what it's like to love somebody, wether it's your family, your friends or a girl. It mad me think that I can't.. love. I just can't. I've never met any girl I loved. They're all so.. superficial ? I dunno. After all, am I not a heartless bastard ? Third, dream context. The place the movie took place in. Man.. I hate France. I hate people here. I hate myself. I want to live where people will like me and where I'll like people, in a place where even the biggest city is appealing, sunny and full of life. I think i need to trigger that something to make me feel. I think I just miss plain happiness. 
So that's what made me become what I am today. I don't think I'll change my mind. I'm going to do bad stuff I know it. Question is when ? How And most importantly.. why not?
I'll leave you on that, fellow friends. I hope you all have a great life and fulfill your feelings just like I'd like to.

EDIT: Forgot to say I don't eat or sleep anymore. So I'm on a critical exhaustion point too. Whenever it's night I cry for hours. So it also exhausts me on a physical aspect.