I just want a reprieve.I apologize for any lack of coherency on my part.

I’ve always struggled with depression and anxiety from since I was really young. I’ve been diagnosed with a few other mental-health conditions that made life even more unnecessarily harder than it has to be, and sweet Christ, I just want this shit to be over. The only thing that has ever held me back from suicide is that—to me—it always felt like that would be the most selfish thing I could ever do. I think I have such a firm viewpoint on it because my mother has constantly tried to kill herself with no degree of real success but plenty of physical repercussions. There’s a long laundry-list of mental illness and abuse on both sides of the family and I’ve always thought that suicide was just an inevitability regardless of how hard I fought against it.

My homelife has always been abusive and toxic. When I was young I made a promise to myself that, if it never got any better by twenty, I’d just end it. By the time twenty rolled around, things had only deteriorated further, but I have a co-dependent best friend who I know would be totally destroyed if I went through with it. She’s told me many times that if I go she will follow me. It’s the thing I think of the most when my thoughts go dark, and hell, even when they’re not. I don’t think she realizes that she’s essentially made me responsible for her own reason to go living, so I fret over getting in some sort of freak accident if I go outside.

Outside of that, I’ve been in a relationship since my early high school days. It started as this tumultuous, blatantly toxic thing that we both sort of fell into. Since we were both hurt and needing, we just fumbled our way through it and damaged each other a lot along the way. Recently, we’ve finally made a breakthrough and it seems like our relationship will actually begin to be healthy, but it’s come at the cost of a lot. I endured some of the worst days of my life for over a month to try and make sure this relationship survived.

I lost the only person who was a real anchor in my life about eight years ago now and I’ve never been the same since. Though he was my grandfather, he was really my Dad in that he raised and was always a place of sanity in a family full of narcissistic monsters. I lost him the day after his birthday. He had just ordered some off-brand Nerf guns for us to have fun with—he also had really bad depression and had been laid-off from his job a few months back—and then I woke up to my grandmother screaming and him just laying dead against the wall. I grabbed his ankles and dragged him from the wall so that my grandmother could perform CPR. The paramedics made it and could not resuscitate him.

Shortly after that, my grandmother started sleeping around with men left and right, demanding that I work several jobs just to keep me out of the house. Even his funeral was a joke—my biological father breezed into town as he so often does at the worst times of my life to get drunk and make it all about himself.

I don’t know how much longer I can keep going for other people. I haven’t ever really lived for myself. There’s never been any joy for me in existing, so I just strive forward for the people I care about, but I feel like there’s a void in me that just keeps eating away.

I just don’t know what to fucking do anymore.

Thanks for listening. I know this is really me screaming into the void more than anything else, but I am just so fucking lost right now.