struggling majorly and probably going to kill myself todayI have an appointment with the clinic for tomorrow morning but I just don't know if I can last until then. Everything bad is happening all at once. I managed to isolate myself from the only peer group I had after being mocked for my ignorance and seeing myself out to spare me the further embarrassment. The same day, the person whose affection I've been craving told me to the face that she never wants to hear from me again. I'm just a piece of worthless garbage and I genuinely have no reason for existing, so my entire outlook on the future is grim to begin with. Even if I manage to survive on somehow all I have to look forward to is years of therapy in order to somehow become a halfway decent person. I just keep trying to cope by manipulating more and more people into liking me but they're all smart enough to smell my bullshit. The most recent victim of my existence told me they want to be alone for the remainder of the evening. I usually try to second-guess my instincts in situations like these but I *know* they hate me and just don't want to say it.

Meanwhile the only friend I have is spending all day explaining to me about why the covid-19 is going to either be the death of us all or trigger societal collapse, and I just can't stand it anymore. I contracted *something* when I went to FOSDEM and every little cough and wheeze is making me think my lungs are about to get infected and I'll die from pneumonia. It's getting better more slowly than I want it to. I can't even stand the uncertainty anymore. Even if I somehow manage to survive, the moment we go into lockdown I'm just dead. I have no skills, no stockpiles, and no ability to support myself. I live meal to meal. I'll be the first to die of hunger. I'm convinced I'm going to die from this shit, even if it's my constant anxiety weakening my immune system that ends up being what actually kills me.

I'm trying to remain optimistic about the prospect of dying but I don't want it to be this slow and delayed. I can't stand the days anymore, distractions seem meaningless. I find no more joy in anything I do, it's all just constant worrying, crippling guilt, emotional stress and realizing I'll never heal from any of my bullshit, let alone satisfy my basic human needs. I just want it to end. The minutes are hours and every day is a struggle since it has all started going downhill. It's never been so satisfying to think about how happy it will make me to slit my wrists open. I'll pass out, bleed out, and nobody will even bother to check up on me until it's far too late anyways. I just want to lie down thinking there'll be a tomorrow except there isn't and I never wake up.

I'm sick of it all, I'm sick of life, I'm sick of having no future prospects, I'm sick of being the source of negativity in the lives of everybody I let close to me. I'm a toxic human being and I have no right to even pretend otherwise. Killing myself is the only moral thing I can do in my life, and yet I'm still so terrified about the prospect of missing out on whatever it is makes life worth living for everybody else, that I don't want to die being this.. unfulfilled. Yet I still have to. I ran out of time. 26 years down the drain and I haven't managed to accomplish my only life's goal. I kept putting it off until now it's too late and the virus is gonna take me before I have the capacity to make the only choice that could have mattered in my life. I'm a hopeless case in denial, and struggling to come to terms with it. Every passing second I realize more and more how fruitless my attempts are and every other moment is a sickening, gut-wrenching churn of sadness. I want it to end. Please make it stop.