I've wasted my life . time to end itI finally come off suicide watch and nothings better . I still have no job , barely any friends , no fucking money and debt I dont even care enough about to look into. I cant stand my pushover mom and my miserable dick of a dad. If anyone should kill themselves its him because hes nothing but a narcissistic miserable downer shitbag. I look to how things were when I'm 18 and theres no difference now at 24 . I'm still in the same place physcially and financially and have nothing to show for it but working full time . no fun stuff .no vacations, concerts , trips with friends , lovelife , anything . its been the same shit . make money , get high and get by. No matter how much I try its like I'm stuck in the quicksand while everyone else is enjoying they're youth. I didnt even shower today because I have no reason to leave the house or talk to anybody. I cant even get a job now because my dad car finally died, So there goes my transportation for anything . I've considered my last resort of getting a minimum wage job in walking distance but at this point I'd much rather kill myself. My family thinks I'm being to high and mighty by avoiding lesser work but its the honest truth. The only thing Ive done right was working . over the years I worked my way up , gained sales and customer service experience , made my way into some great companies all to have it taken away over layoffs or my constant fuck ups over being distracted from depression all day. They say your 20' s are supposed to be the best years of your life and guess what? . I'm about halfway through and haven't enjoyed shit. I'm a weak minded bisexual addict devious asshole. I'm better at doing bad then good and I honestly don't see my life getting any easier and I'm definitely seeing now that I'm just a broken person. I already feel myslelf becoming manic in this room doing the same shit I've been doing for weeks . serisouly its hard to have a postivive outlook for the future when all I've known the past few months is an all day regiment of drinking , watching tv, applying for jobs and playing Xbox . at this point I think me dying wouldnt mean much to anyone . ive pretty much isolated myslef from everyone and in no longer relavant . I'm stuck here and forced to find a job on a fucking bus route to work for months to make near nothing for a car. I don't even want to because I don't have a few more months of fight left in me . I already don't give a fuck and looking back there's no landmark events to look to . I'm done with picking myself up just to get my legs broken again. Im a broken person and will never follow through with anything,. I couldn't commit to college, my social life or any means of being successful. The thought of me sitting through another birthday with nothing to show for it just makes me want to end it all. Even getting closer to January makes me count the days    I'm probably gonna become more restless until I eventually snap and off myslef in the garage if nothing changes. Sure I've been thinking about it for years but I don't really care anymore, and the fear is gone .  the only thing thats kept me holding on is a shred of hope for the future and its gone now. I'd rather put the easy effort into dying over living a medial shitty life. Even if I do grow old I'll look back and realize I didn't do anything with my young years . I wanna end the movie before its gets too bad.