There’s just no fucking point anymore.This is the mega story of how my life went from being unbearably lonely to unbelievably incredible, and then to the current reality, a low that makes the lows that came before seem like a holiday in Hawaii. A tale of my first and last love. Skip this story if you don’t want to read it, for those of you with some time on your hands I have tried to recreate it the best of my ability however it is significantly condensed.

This is the tale of why I’m ending my life.

I have struggled with unhappiness as long as I can remember. Growing up I never fit in with anyone not even my family, I never found a group of friends that I felt like I wasn’t looking in from the outside. For the longest time I came to accept that my life was just going to be one of solitary confinement, I decided the least I can do is throw myself into school work, I start making Straight A’s. I’m the teachers pet pretty much in every class, that of course only further made it harder to fit in with other kids. Then 12 months ago today, During the start of my senior year I met this girl. She just turned 17, both of us were in duel credit and so we traveled on the bus to the college campus together, as fate would have it she was assigned to sit directly across from me, she was absolutely gorgeous. Iv felt that way about girls before but every time I acted on those feelings it simply led to deeper social withdrawal, so eventually I stopped trying. However at this point in time it had been about 4 weeks since I had spoken to another human being, and my phone was dead so I said “fuck it” and went for it. I introduced myself, she introduced herself. it was awkward as fuck but I kept at it, after that day we talked just about everyday for close to a week and a half, eventually there was a pep rally day and I asked her if she had the bell schedule on her phone, she said yes so I asked her if I could have her number so she could send it to me(I already had the schedule btw I just wanted her number) and she gave me her number.

All the while this is happening my home life is in a death spiral, I was cutting myself to ribbons every night, showering as little as possible, just enough to avoid smelling(I didn’t want to ostracize her from my life because of b.o.) I had stopped doing schoolwork almost entirely, not sleeping for periods of 4 to 5 days at a time, barely eating or drinking, I looked like hell rolled over. My parents noticed nothing, my sister noticed nothing. no one noticed how everyday I was falling deeper and deeper into the abyss. 

The only rope I had to cling to in order to avoid falling into that damn pit was my golden girl. Everyday we talked more and more. Those talks were the only thing i looked forward to. Eventually we switched to Snapchat and of course that led to a few selfies back and forth and our conversations became more and more flirtatious. I asked her out about three months after we had started talking regularly, she said yes. Cue the beginning of the happiest month and a half of my life. We start going out on dates(the first one we were accompanied by her mother which was extremely uncomfortable for me) then about three weeks in I go to her house for the first time and me,her,her father,her mother, and the dog. Are all sitting in the living watching television, me and golden girl are sitting on the couch with her laying on me and my arms around he shoulders. Her father goes outside to begin yard work(or something my memory before what happens next is clouded by what happened next), followed by her mother. Almost immediately after her mother walks out golden girl sits up, looks me in the eyes, says I have the most beautiful blue eyes she’s ever seen, and then when I open my mouth to ask what prompted that she flings her mouth at mine. This was the first time I have ever kissed a girl. This was not a typical kiss either, she was full on making out with me, I am totally and completely stunned by this action and attempt to pull back, she lets go of my head and asks me if she did something wrong, I explain to her with some embarrassment that I have never even kissed a girl before let alone made out with one and that it came out of fucking nowhere(my cheeks are noticeably warm so I know I’m blushing like a fucking loser) she apologizes and looks a bit hurt, then she turns her head back to the television, In my head I form a game plan, I remind myself that the kiss is about locking your lips together not puckering them and pushing them together like a goodnight kiss you give to your grandmother, then in perhaps the most spontaneous moment of my life before that point, I call her name, she looks at me, and I grab the back of her neck and pull her in closer and I give her a terrible kiss that is probably the most cringe moment of my life because I rammed my teeth into her upper lip. She laughs at me and tells me to try again, this time I go slower and give her a real kiss. That kiss turned into the make out that she wanted (until her little brother walked in on us about 15 seconds later and ran to tell her dad who promptly came back inside and  said that it was hot and he’d do the yard work later after I was gone because he was being a bad host)

And then I did something momentously moronic, one day I fucked myself past the point of no return. 
one Friday morning She had mentioned that she had got a new waterproof case for her phone earlier that day at school, and then later that same day while we talking on Snapchat as usual she then mentioned that she was taking me to the shower with her, I jokingly told her “pics or it didn’t happen” fully expecting a hearty “no lol”  and then to my complete shock she sent me a very risky photo of her standing in front of the mirror with nothing on but her boxers(she wears men’s underwear for some reason) breasts fully exposed. I was in complete shock as I didn’t think she would do anything like that. Then she followed that up with “do I get to see you topless now?”. Obviously in that situation I did what any 17 year old boy would do. I ripped my shirt off, flexed what little muscle I had and sent a snap back. And that’s where I fucked up. My shoulders and chest were covered in dozens of scars and even a couple recent cuts... she screenshots it, and then... she doesn’t respond. An hour that felt like 6 rolls by, nothing. Two hours that delta like 6 days go by, I send her a single question mark. She opens it, doesn’t respond.

Obviously I’m freaking the fuck out. This was the happiest I’ve been in years and my stupid fucking horny brain just destroyed everything. The weekend rolls by... nothing... I think about skipping school but decide the possible conflict with my parents isn’t worth it, so I go to school. I often get there at about 6:30 because I liked to be alone before the other kids got there at 7ish. So I went at my regular time, I get to school, go to my spot in the cafeteria, and spend every second of the next 20 minutes looking for my golden girl. Then 6:50 rolls around, this is when most teachers have arrived at the school, however this time instead of walking past the cafeteria on their way to their room one of my teachers head directly to the cafeteria, I don’t really notice it because I’m not really thinking about anything other than my golden girl, when my panic stricken whirlwind of thoughts is interrupted by my computer science teacher from my freshmen and sophomore year is calling my name, he wants me to come to his room. I don’t really question it because it just means a distraction before I have to face my golden girl. We don’t say anything the whole way to his room then upon arrival he opens the door and tells me to sit down. I do so, at this point I ask him what’s up and he tells me to just wait a moment. A minute passes and then my English teacher( senior and junior year) walks in, followed by my Government teacher(sophomore) side by side with my history professor( junior and senior) who must have driven to the high school for this. These are the 4 teachers iv always liked because they made my tortured existence slightly easier by making a portion of my day not suck as much as the rest of it. My computer sci teacher begins to speak. He tells me about an email he received from golden girl. He said that she had told him of my increasingly worrying and erratic behavior, the baggy eyes, the sudden disappearance of my attendance in class, and then that picture of my pale scarred body, which she said was the final straw. He then said that he was seriously worried about me. So he arranged this meeting between the other teachers that he knew were my favorites. The teachers I had for that year all confirmed that they assumed my absences and plummeting grades were a symptom of senior-itis, and that now that the clues had been thrust under their noses, they saw what was happening to me. I cannot even begin to describe the overwhelming emotion that I experienced in that moment. I cannot even tell you whether it was good or bad, all I know is that for the first time in my entire life, someone actually gave a shit about me... and not just one person but this entire group of people who were big parts of my life and yet, were in my mind, completely irrelevant. Those people cared enough about me that they staged an intervention. My history professor spoke up in his thick Slavic accent, he told me he would do what he could about giving me extra credit work so long as I promised to try to heal myself. My English teacher asked me if my parents knew anything about what was happening to me, I explained to her that my parents were essentially strangers to me and that involving them would do more harm for me then good. Anyway fast forward through this 20 minute intervention where I explained in great detail for the first time in my life, how sick and diseased my mental state was, I talked about the constant overthinking about everything and nothing, about how I feel like I’m nothing but a burden on my family and the people around me and that their life would be better without me. I talked about all the sick twisted sense of release that comes from cutting into your own flesh. All the while these three adults (history professor had to drive to the college after he believed my life would start to turn around with their help) whom iv never thought twice about before this moment are silently listening. And then my Government teacher stops and tells me that we can’t really sit here all day. School would start in like 5 minutes, so they all tell me that if I ever need to talk I could call them, or email them. In retrospect I have no idea how my parents weren’t called. 

After that little moment of immense emotion I get into the bus that takes us to the college. I sit down and steady my breath. Then golden girl walks on and I feel like time is slowing down. I have no idea what the fuck to say. She sits down in her seat and I just stare at her. She reaches across the aisle and grabs my hand. This is the safest I have ever felt in my entire life. Life goes on. My heavy burden is significantly lightened by this wonderful girl and my incredible teachers who have gone above and beyond to help me. Slowly I’m getting better and better. And then COVID happens. 

It’s the last day before spring break. No one suspects a thing, there was a heavy air about the school in the weeks that came before as we the news is talking more and more about this disease ravaging the world and then the the country. It’s a half day and school lets out without a hitch. Then we all get an email saying spring break has been been extended to two weeks, same thing from the college. Sick more time with my golden girl. That weekend she came over to my house and we sat down on the edge of my bed and began watching Deadpool. We finished dead pool because it was a sick ass movie and then I popped in a boring movie called “moose town” or someshit, and then we started making out again. However this time as we were sitting on my bed she pulled me down so that we were laying down, then she grabbed my arm and put it around her waist so that my hand was on her butt, I moved it to the small of her back and she pulled her lips away to tell me she put it there for a reason and that I should put it back. So I did as the lady commanded. I had never been in a situation like this before so I didn’t really know what the fuck to do and kind of lost control of myself, my hand started squeezing and wandering her body until I stopped myself and pulled away from her. I told I’d rather just hold her and lay down. However my stupid horny teenage brain did not simply hold her, my hands started to rub her belly and then slowly move down south, I’m not going to describe what happened next because iv already dedicated way to much space to my awkward first sexual encounter.

Anyway fast forward to when school was supposed to start and we get another email about two days before saying school has been postponed indefinitely and we Will be doing online classes. And this is when my life starts to fall apart. Me and golden girl and no longer allowed to see each other in person due to covid and texting more than 8 hours a day. These texts become more and more sexual in nature as time goes on, I finally convince her mother to let me cook my golden girl a meal at my house. This was obviously a ploy for the two of us to have sex. As the night wears on and reaches its uh... “climax” so to speak, she goes to the bathroom while I go wash my hands and start cooking, she texts me telling me she kinda wants more and I told her maybe next I can convince her mom to let her come over. Anyway while she’s in the bathroom and I’m cooking she sends me a very graphic snap video of her... ummm.... well let’s just say she wasn’t playing the banjo. Anyway I finish cooking and we start eating and all is well. Then my golden girl gets a text from her mother saying to call her immediately. So she does. This is the moments my life turns straight the fuck upside down. It turns out that the morning prior to her coming over her parents had installed some spy ware on golden girls phone because they were worried we were spending more time than was healthy talking to each other(wtf i know) and her mother saw the messages she sent me after we got done and she was in the bathroom. Including the video she sent me. Her mother tells golden girl she has to come home right fucking now. And that she’s in some serious trouble. Golden girl tells me what her mother said and my heart drops like a body in a lake with bricks tied to its ankles. That night I get a text saying not to text her for a while. So I nervously comply. After an agonizing week later my phone rings which I thought was odd because she never calls me ever. So I answer. It’s her mother and father on speaker phone saying I’m never allowed to talk to golden girl again. Obviously I get around this by shooting her a dm on the colleges private message system and then she responds back saying not to talk to her ever again. My heart is fucking aching. And then for the first time in weeks I grabbed my knife, took my shirt off, and began carving a new scar into my chest.

That was 4 months ago. And my life has only gotten worse from there. I’m not longer in school as I have graduated so not only is golden girl out of my life forever but now I no longer have those favorite classes to go to with those wonderful teachers who have helped me keep my sanity from crumbing even further. I have made numerous attempts of contacting golden girl since then. Very recently about a week ago I remembered that she had told me the password to her Snapchat so if she was ever asleep I could peek into her eyes only folder. This is something I never really took advantage of however now that I was at a low that I had never before reached, I was lonely and depressed. And I’m ashamed to say I logged into her account. And before immediately heading over to her eyes only section, I noticed that she had a new “super BFF”(Snapchat marks who you talk to the most with dumbass emojis) so I took a peek into their chat history. Golden girl has officially moved on from me. She has a new boyfriend. I have never before in my life ever felt this much pain before. Previously in life the only thing stopping me from ending it was that I couldn’t bring myself to do it because of pure survival instinct and that as much as I hate them it would ruin my parents life as well. So I never did. 

But now... There’s just no fucking point anymore...