I don't know what to call this and it's f*cking me upSo fair warning, I probably am just a terrible human being but I have been struggling with a sexual relationship I had a couple years ago, and am trying to come to terms with it some, but am definitely overthinking it all and want some sense talked into me.

Basically, when I was 19 I dated this girl for six months, and we never had sex, but we got pretty close to it. One fight lead to another, and we ended up breaking up. Well after we broke up, we were talking some, and she told me "yeah, I was going to sleep with you the weekend we broke up", almost hanging it over my head to try and get me to get back with her. I ended up starting to hook up with her again and started to try and take things a little further since she expressed interest in having sex.

When we'd hook up, at the beginning, I would always ask if what we were doing was okay, to which she'd respond "Yes [my name], if something wasn't okay, I'd tell you". Well what trips me up, is when we'd hook up, sometimes she'd have underwear on still and I'd thrust some, but occasionally, I'd move it to the side a little and tease her by sticking it in some, but never to the extent that it'd be past foreplay. 

There was one time when she asked "Are you still over my underwear" and I immediately stopped the teasing and went back over her underwear and didn't return to doing that, that night. there were other times after that incident when I'd try it because like she had said, she would've told me if something wasn't okay. 

We never ended up having sex, but I definitely teased her like that when we'd shower together or other times, after the one time she asked the questions, when her underwear would be off. But for some reason, I feel now that I was being dirty or sly, and taking advantage of her and being pushy, or thinking that she didn't realize that I had moved her underwear. I don't know why I can't shake the "guilt" and why I keep overthinking things. I've almost painted myself out to being a sexual assault perpetrator and feel like I should be in jail for what I did.

Over the past 2 years, she has never said anything to anyone about feeling like I did something wrong, but for some damn reason I keep thinking that I did. We ended things about 1.5 years ago on really bad terms, but recently I tried to reach out to her and to apologize for treating her the way I did (using her as a hookup, cheating on her, etc.), and she stonewalled me. And my brain has been overthinking this and saying that she now thinks I sexually assaulted her. I've been so down and hard on myself lately, and I just want some clarity.

I think I would be more willing to come to terms with something if I could put a label on it, but I just haven't been able to do that, and now find myself in a spiral of perpetual guilt.