Been feeling depressed lately, and starting to get suicidal.To start off, I'm 13, almost 14, and I just finished 8th grade. The stress of High School is already getting to me, I'm wondering, "what's gonna happen?" and "will I get bullied?", the usual, but thats not my main issue.

When I was 10 I got in a really depressed state and tried to kill myself. I had been bullied by several people in the school I had gone to, but I didnt tell anyone due to having alot of friends in the same school, too. We usually just hung out in my teacher's classroom, since she's the only one that knew.

Fast forward, it's 7th grade, I'm 11 - 12, I can't remember. I start fresh in this new school, with nobody but myself. I already felt awful, I had no friends. Later on I had gotten bullied, too. (People noticed my art of the character Sonic the Hedgehog, and of course people don't seem to like the character all that much. Atleast, I think thats what started it, since thats when it started.) 

Delt with that for almost a year, but told my mom about it and she helped me through, and got me into independant studies. I liked it. It was just me, in one classroom, with just one other person. I felt at peace... 

I soon realised that was the issue, as I had started to isolate myself at age 12. I told my mom about this yet again, and I had gone to the school I was going to before 7th grade (It was 6th - 8th.) But I realised "oh, maybe this isnt the best idea..." and decided to go to a completely new school. 30 minutes away from home.

13 now, I had started in the middle of the school year, with nobody to talk to until the last 3 months. The last 3 months come, and I realise "Hey, I like these people! I like socializing!" And I had an absolute blast just hanging around with friends. It felt like I belonged, and fit in, despite us all having so similar yet so different interests.

Last week comes, I had fun hanging out with them one last time, I got their numbers, we threw a party and now it's just... Summer. Yeah. Thats it. Nothing to do, at all, nobody to talk to or meet up with, it gets kinda lonely. My friends were kinda just taken from me, and they told me they won't be going to the highschool nearby, so we won't see eachother often.

Which brings me to present. I just don't know what to do right now. One sides saying to end it all, one sides saying to tough it out. Theres alot of points where I have tried, but didn't follow through, as thoughts such as "What about my cat? What will he think if I randomly disappear?!" and "What about the next Smash Ultimate character?!" comes to mind. I don't wanna miss any of that, but then nobody really knows I exist anymore given how isolated I am.

I can't socialize correctly, I get flustered whenever I talk to someone, and they soon find me uninteresting, as I usually just nod. Hah, I don't even know how my eighth grade friends thought I was cool to hang out with.

Starting Highschool, I just don't know where I'll be. Dead? In Highschool? Getting bullied? All of these are questions that come up every now and then, unsure of whats to come. I've been bullied so much that it's just kind of hard to socialize or anything, and people don't know I exist as a resuly. I guess only time will tell.