Fuck everything.First time poster here. Society and life is so pointless and bullshitty. Every single day, it gets worse here on this planet called Earth. You’d have to be fucking delusional or retarded to even say that your life is worth a damn as a human. I live in a small shithole town with rude/snotty fucking people, our town has a major drug/homelessness and housing and job crisis, and our mayor and city council is too retarded to even attempt to fix it, my country (Canada) has a broken justice system, so murderers and rapists and child molesters get off with a slap on the wrist very commonly because our system is fundamentally broken, so there’s no such thing as true justice in this frozen shithole on the Western Hemisphere. My family sucks; my dad is a control freak who sits on his ass all day smoking weed/cigars and drinking coffee while playing his football game on his iPad, while my mother is basically his dog who does whatever he says and is shit scared of him. My sister is a rude fucking bitch who works minimum wage at a thrift store and is fucking miserable. My grandma is probably the only person in my family who actually is decent, but she lives under my dad’s rule and can’t move out unless my dad says so. I suffer from high functioning autism, ADHD, and impulse control disorder, which is why I’m stuck on disability welfare, and can’t find or hold a job worth a fuck because people in my community are so fucking mentally defective that they make life hell for each other since there’s nothing else to do but drink, use drugs, and gossip/make fun of others  to fuel their ego, and it drives me FUCKING INSANE!!! And it’s not just me, it’s lots of people worldwide who think similarly; all we do is become born without our consent, go to school, become traumatized from bullying, graduate, work our asses off or rot on welfare like I am, and then die. It’s an endless fucking cycle. I hope a comet hits the Earth and wipes the entire pathetic joke known as the human race out. I’m losing my fucking mind as I write this, and now, it doesn’t shock me when I hear tragedies on the news; who wouldn’t snap after all the bullshit we’re force fed daily by society, the government, and most of all, our peers? Fuck this shit. I’m done with life. I give up.