Am I a coward for not just doing it, but hoping it will happen?Disclosure: I realized I say a few things here that could be pretty offensive to any disabled individuals. They are irrational thoughts born from too much pain. I included them to illustrate where I am mentally, but consider yourself warned.

Every single day I wish, multiple times a day, that I'll die. Or get so sick that I don't have to live this life anymore. I've never verbalized that last part before so it feels strange to write it. People always say to other people, "as long as you've got your health..." but I no longer care. Health is not more important than a sense of humanity. It's not more important than having people to love/be loved by. It only matters if getting sick causes you to lose something in your life that was good.

I'm physically disabled and I'm sick and tired of living in a world that isn't made for me. I can't even find a disability-positive therapist who can say any more than "oh" and "I see" in response to me, and I live in an enormous city. They try, but my experience with the world has been so broken, and is defined so much by my disability, that they just can't relate well enough to be able to help me in any way meaningful.

I am so burdened down by everything that I feel like all the words I want to say have been smooshed down into a brick of anger and pain and bitterness, and I struggle to verbalize my thoughts around my mental state these days. It's gone on so long. There's so much.
The constant infantilization of people with disabilities by society.
The weight of being the constant educator.
Having to be above average because there is no such thing as an average person with what most would consider a serious disability.

I don't plan on having kids. But if I did become pregnant and I found out the kid had the same thing I did, I'd abort it. It has nothing to do with how capable I believe it can be, it would be so that it didn't have to live a life like mine. I realize that alone is a sign that I need help.

My problem isn't my disability. I can do everything I need to do. The problem is the way the world sets low expectations for disabled people. I've become so accustomed to avoidance behavior from people that if someone tries to be friendly, I immediately assume it's someone trying to make a pity friend and I push them away.

So yay, no friends. No family (not getting into that). Boyfriend who's too old for me. Job that does a great job at killing any happiness I can find anywhere else. Hate living in a city.

But I'm too weak to kill myself even though I desperately want to die. I see absolutely 0 ways I can make this better. Every time I ask for help, and when I think I've finally conveyed how desperate I am, I just get bullshit and people who can't really help. I also have to be careful not to get myself committed, because I've heard horror stories from disabled people and in-patient psychiatric care. I am very confident something like that would make my situation worse. Trust me. If I were committed and a nurse walked in and said, "so who will help you get dressed when you leave?" "how can you take your own medication?" or "you're such an inspiration," you'd better believe I'd find a way to end it all.

I don't really want to die, but I want to escape this life I'm living so much, that I'm willing to. If that even makes sense.

I don't need someone to listen to me. I need someone to help me (after listening to understand).
What on earth do I do?