[Long-Sorry] Haven't been here in a while, but I'm pretty much done.I don't like making these titles, they always seem way too click-baity and makes me feel like I'm pandering for pity, sorry ahead of time for this bullshit long post, I said I'd try to keep it short and it totally didn't happen haha, if you want to skip a lot of history and lead-up just go to the emboldened words below.  
  
To preface, I'm 19 years old, male, I have a little miniature pinscher named butter that I love more than anything in the world, I have a purple Cyclamen plant in my windowsill that I recently got that I really enjoy, and I have a fondness for collecting pocket knives, playing video games alone, and watching anime from time to time.  
 
It's probably been 7 or 8 months since I posted here on an alt who's password I've forgotten, I made it a bit too long last time so I'll try to keep it short because I know nobody wants to read a bullshit wall of text of my whining haha.  
  
Long story short, I have crippling anxiety and what I can only presume is severe social ineptitude, if someone calls my phone or emails me and I see it, I immediately freak out and my heart feels like I'm going to have a heart attack and die.  
  
I went to school to be a Welder (Not my choice, my parents' choice) and in April of last year I was hired straight out of school (Surprisingly of my own accomplishment, usually my parents have to help me make calls or go to new places because things that break the norm terrify me) and I worked there until September of last year where I got laid off, since then and now I have been unemployed and only within the last 3 months have gotten unemployment, I am terrified of moving out of my parents home.  
  
I do what is required of me to continue gaining unemployment checks, money isn't really an issue right now, I've applied to probably 60/70 places since I was unemployed (Not sure if accurate to be honest, is that a good number? I don't know) and not a single one has hired me and I could count the number who have asked for an interview on one hand.  
  
Now this is both a blessing and a curse, because of my anxiety I fear the new and thus fear getting a job, I'm absolutely terrified of taxes, bills, being alone, not talking to anybody, spending my entire life working making someone else money while I slowly accrue more debts and what will happen to me in the future.  
  
**This turned out to be longer than intended but the main point is this**, I honestly don't believe I am designed to function as the normal human being is supposed to, I am defective, a mistake. I cannot live in this world, my parents have made most of my life decisions for me and at this point I can't really turn back. If I could go back and change something, I wouldn't, just because I don't think changing any singular event would change the eventual outcome. There's an insurmountable number of people who hate me, but none of them will hate me more than I hate my self, and I will do nobody any favors by continuing to be a leech on society and bringing my family down.  
  
Since Christmas and up to now I think about suicide daily, I want to talk to somebody about it but there's no way I could set that up myself, I'm scared to, have no insurance, and my parents would not be supportive I'm sure.  
  
I've already figured out how I'll do it essentially, I'll drive as far away as I physically can so I don't involve my family or any person if possible (I don't want to hurt anyone other than myself) and I'll just sit down in the middle of a forest somewhere and do it, hopefully never to be found and never to be remembered by anyone.  
  
I have essentially 3 friends, one that lives 3/4 hours away and he is in a somewhat similar situation except practically worse, he is stronger mentally than I am, had I been in his position I would have probably already killed myself. My other two friends live in Australia and the UK respectively, I'd like to split what little belongings I have and sent it to them, but I don't want to pain them by this being essentially a goodbye. I want to be forgotten, but at the same time I fear just disappearing and them being left to wonder what happened to me would be even worse than simply telling them.  
  
This post was sparked by my Mother screaming at me for being unemployed for nearly 6 months and not doing enough to get a job and "Help" even though she's never asked me for anything but she hates her life and her job and is more/less weighed down by me being here.  
  
As time goes on I love my parents less and less because they're pretty awful people, they're racist, violent, drunk, and are extremely narcissistic and controlling. I'm not saying I've ever been beaten and tortured before (Though some handful of events have happened that one could consider that being so I suppose) but if I disappear, maybe they can finally find happiness, I didn't ask for this life, I have no obligation to hold onto something that will only continue to get worse.  
  
I don't really know if I have a question to leave here, but essentially I'm so close to being done I just want to leave and die, but this shitty human nature is keeping me from killing myself. I used to fear death, the afterlife, what exists after, but even if it's absolutely nothing and my soul and consciousness ceases to exist, that would be better than living here, I haven written a note yet, but once I find the reason to do so it'll pretty much be the time.