The only thing left to do is rot away and wait for the right time to go. And I truly mean rot in a physical sense. I don’t brush ever and lost a tooth to it and hardly shower or move from my couch.I won’t go until my cats do.

I rarely move from my bed the couch 

It all started going downhill slowly slowly slowly and then all at once.

So this is how I got this way:

I’m  a latina woman who grew up dirt poor and abused but was determined. I was naive and thought the playing field was even for all races  and socioeconomic classes. I thought with hardwork I too could have my dreams come true. 

I got good grades and won awards for acting .
I them auditioned for a top NYC acting school (which was far from home)  and got in. I got scholarships and aid and escaped my abusive family 

Unfortunately I literally starved while in NYC.
I ended up having 2 seizures from stress and was alone  and had no family to turn to or money from them. 

But I had no room for error. I looked for change on the streets and got a part time job taking out trash at school. I was made fun of or snickered at for that. People asked why I didn’t just go home. 

I dealt with racism and classism from students and teachers and it hurt so much. Most of faculty and kids were well off and it showed. I think they had total disconnection to my background and race

I lost my virginity to rape too.
I had no friends. Wealthy kids didn’t relate to me and I had no money to party or go out to find friends


I graduated top in my class however. 
But no one came to see me graduate. It was embarrassing and made me feel like dog shit. 

Unfortunately that’s when all the effects of childhood abuse and the racism and put downs got to me. I was alone and starving again after graduation and exhausted and unraveling. No family to go home to unless I wanted to return to hell. Minimum wage job was getting me nowhere 


And I’d never known love. It would prove to be my Achilles heel..

So....

First cute boy I fell for or ever dated moved me in after 6 months into the relationship to avoid visiting me in the ghetto. He didn’t value me but I thought it was love and I ate well for the first time. I didn’t want to starve ever again or be alone


And
Being broke meant despite my efforts working, meant I couldn’t afford to chase my dream of acting anymore. It’s  $4000 for start up costs post graduation. I tried to afford it, but bills bills bills. 

I realize now most actors who make it are already middle class or wealthy.
Wealthier actor kids I knew had parents often  help pay for bills or rent or classes. And many had home to return to them if they needed to get back on their feet. They didn’t suffer as much. 

Mentally stable people get further too.
I developed bipolar and BPD and PTSD and GAD
after graduation

I’m still with my first and only boyfriend who actually genuinely loves me now but my dream is gone 

so I gained one thing I always wanted (love)  and lost another (my dreams) 


*And of course mentally ill people no matter wealth or race, will suffer the same as I*