Going through a breakup, pushed my ex to a point where he blocks me, and now I'm feeling suicidalIt's a pathetic long story I'm sorry.

I'm feeling extremely suicidal tonight, I have a bottle of wine with me and some pills that is not going to be enough to kill me. I don't think I'm going to actually kill myself because I don't want to fail, and I don't want anyone, especially my ex and my family, to suffer that pain I'm going through. I don't know what would I actually do tho if I do have enough pills, so I'm thankful that I don't at the moment. At times like these I always find it hard to talk to someone about it. The closer people get to me the harder I find to open up myself, except for that one person who I love very much. And now that connection is gone I just want to numb the pain.
The whole day I kept trying to tell myself to keep moving forward because the situation is simple: I'm either alive or I'm dead. And if I'm alive I might as well move forward to save the pain. Daytime is ok because I tend to find things to do or having people around so I don't feel so lonely. Nights are the worst. As soon as I say my goodnight to my housemates I always fall back down to the point of breaking down, crying, finding ways to harm myself and then zoning out from exhaustion.
We broke up weeks ago because my ex is going through rough time too and relationship right now is too much for him. I couldn't maintain the relationship either because it was a torture being in love with him knowing my love was rather a burden. I've always felt like an extra wheel in his life that was dragging him down, but he would deny it. Whether it was because it was true that I was actually important to him, or because admitting it would make him feel bad, I don't know. When we broke up he told me that he still wanted to be friends and he didn't want me to be out of his life, but now it seems to be something that is not true. I was doing so fine the first week. And then we didn't talk at all and with my fear of abandonment I started to feel angry, betrayed and depressed. There were so many things I wanted to tell him, so many questions I wanted to ask him, and yet I thought to myself that it's best to leave it. We broke up and it's done. Those words and feelings they don't matter anymore. Earlier today I found out that he deleted me on social media. I was being impulsive and texted him which ended up getting blocked on Facebook.
At that point I still had his clothes with me that I'm waiting for him to pick up even though he probably never would. So I took the bag of clothes and got to his place, left the bag on the front door with a note saying how sorry I am this is how it turned out, and how he didn't deserve to take blame for my anger. I came back home and decided it would be the best to remove him from anywhere that I know, so I did. It made me feel a little better for a short while, and now here I am, crying and trying really hard to tell myself that I need to keep moving forward in life. But all I achieved was drinking alcohol to numb my pain, imagining what ways would be the best to end my life with, and torturing myself with all the memories that are left. So yeah, this is what is happening. I guess I needed a place to write it all down, at least to keep me occupied.