Losing Connection with Parents and Ruminating on What Makes Life Worth LivingI am finally growing emotionally away from my parents. They were sort of my lifeline, preventing me from hurting myself. Now, I don't know what's keeping me here. I don't care too much for money, or really anything material (except for maybe a few games coming out in the future like Diablo 3). I've found that I get the most happiness out of things that help me escape reality: games, movies, drugs, alcohol. Anything that gives me a sense of achievement like doing well on a test is nice, but it really doesn't help me feel all that better. I just become sort of smug. 

I came to the realization in my early teens that life is but biochemical processes in the brain. It's sparks flying around neurons and synapses. And that doesn't exactly help me in looking for the meaning for life. If life is just some sort of subjective experience of the brain, and that's all it is, then what's the point? To jiggle around my happy receptors? 

I guess I've been more or less in an existential crisis since I've left highschool. Before that, I knew my purpose: excel in school, get to the next level. But, in that, I was incredibly shortsighted. I now look too far ahead, and see only death at the end, which nullifies all previous achievements. In this state of being, some people say, "Well, you're free now! Do whatever the hell you want. If it's only death that's out there, then what have you got to lose?" Well, I don't know what I have to lose, but I do not feel free. I feel as if I am controlled by subconscious and unconscious parts of my brain. Even though one degree of freedom can still be considered freedom, in the grand scheme of things, it is only one degree, and it is slavery to my mind.

Some people say acid is a life changing experience, but I don't think I'd have a good trip. I already hallucinate, after having smoked too much and developing a drug-induced psychosis. I've seen some weird stuff: Pacman on the wall, a small robotic craft hovering by a window, people appearing and disappearing. I also have these voices saying that I have a girlfriend (don't have one, never have), or I love you, and stuff like that. Sometimes they tell me to hurt myself or others (and I've talked about this with a counselor. Long story short, it's become pretty obvious I won't act on these impulsive thoughts).

I guess I am sort of growing up, in losing my incredibly child-like but deep emotional attachment to my parents. But it doesn't feel freeing, or feel any better. I sort of wish I was a child again, so I was utterly anchored to them. But now that has been cast off, and I feel sort of detached from the world. This worries me because I've had suicidal thoughts for awhile now, and losing my anchor to the world may lead me down the path to actually committing suicide. I know it would hurt people, but I don't know if my attachment to other people is strong enough anymore.

The other day a random person on omegle said I was beautiful. But when I look in the mirror, and stare into my eyes, I find it tough to find any beauty. I see mediocrity and ugliness.

Maybe I'm just completely jaded, having had too much of the first world koolaid. I don't really know what drove me to my success in school when I was younger, but I imagine a big part of it was my attachment to my parents and their constant nagging of me to do my homework and study. But now I don't have that, and I don't think the nagging would help. I think I've just lost the only thing keeping me alive, and I think I may be ready to die. I am worried.

But I suppose I am missing one big point: you cannot be happy when you're dead. Still, I look at happiness, and just see a bunch of chemicals and sparks flying around brains. I don't see anything objective telling me that happiness is something I really want. Like I said, I feel the best when I'm lost in another world. I've had sex and kisses in dreams (which is likely where those things will stay). I've spent hours on video games, and truly enjoyed myself. But I find it difficult to become lost in my work or studying because of its inherent connection to reality (basically a long way of saying this: reality is too real).

It's sort of sad that I can't find beauty in the world. All I can find beauty in is escaping from it (even though one could make the point that the escape is *part* of the world). I've never had a girlfriend, and I'm too self-centered for one anyway. I'd pull the poor woman into my cave of depression and she'd never escape. Also, I find it silly to try to love another when I can't even love myself.

I don't know, guys, maybe I'll get lucky someday and find a beautiful woman who'll love me just the way I am, and will make me see beauty in myself. However, I'd be doing her a disservice: I'm honestly not worth loving. I am mediocre. There are better people out there in every way compared to me: better looking, better writing, better feeling, better pianists, guitar players, poets, gamers, better people in general. I may be unique in my assortment of skills, but everyone is unique, and in a way, that makes us all the same. :[