I don't want to live this lifeSince 9 I've always thought I'd be dead by 15, I have bad anxiety and my parents aren't very supportive and helpful when it comes to mental health. As I've gotten older I've been having more and more urges to kill myself and I know I should get help or see a school counselor but the only thing that's stopping me is that I'm scared my parents will find out how bad my mental health actually is. 

My father has a very old fashioned view on mental health and thinks I should just "get over her insecurities". I do wonder why he has these views on mental health when he married a woman who had some pretty bad trauma in her life and is diagnosed with MDD...

I easily get anxious in social situations, I am paranoid and I've never fully trusted someone. I'm 14 and I am still scared of the dark and I don't like people teasing me about my behavior or looks. I'm fixated on always being the best and even if I do get first place it usually doesn't feel like an achievement at all, it's just something that stops me from feeling bad. My emotions are dulled to the point where feeling something, other than sadness is a relief, I'm apathetic and my empathy is very impaired. I'm not confident and my self esteem is quite low to to the point where I dismiss my friend's compliments are lying to try to make me feel better. Getting praise from parents or anyone remotely close to me doesn't make me feel any better about myself but anything negative makes me disappointed and angry at myself. 

I used to be a very sensitive child and I think if I had been less sensitive I would have turned out a better person. I do think my parents weren't exactly *the best* at parenting.

I want some sort of relief from this and I've been thinking of killing myself this weekend, (please don't put "don't kill yourself life will get better" or a variation of that in comments, I hate it) and yes I know it's wrong but I don't see how I can change this without this whole situation making my relationship with my parents worse. So what can I do?