Is there even hope for me? 

I don't know how to start this but I don't wanna overthink this as I overthink everything always.

Warning : very long, but I poured my heart into this, so please be kind for a few minutes to read this.

Since I was a kid it felt like I was destined to fail. I had an alcoholic father and had to move to my uncle with my mom and brother. I legitimately didn't have a real childhood, just constant running away from one of my parents while bearing the pain of having to come to my own home sometimes to see my father dead drunk on the kitchen floor, and other instances where we had to hide or call my uncle to calm him down and shout at him. He was aggressive and short tempered always which could have been caused by his cancer, but he was an alcoholic all the way back from when he was 18. He has never physically harmed any of us, but there was an exception where he has put a hand on my mother and was told by the judge if he does it again he will lose his job and other sanctions which I don't know. To make things worse, we also live with my aunt and her husband(who is never here btw) and her daughter(my cousin). My aunts husband is a piece of shit that blames my mother for his alcoholism and told her he sided with him throughout the whole time. There were some instances that made me almost puke in my mouth a bit. He is a no one to me(talking about that husband now), he did some things for us sometimes but it's nothing, legit fuck all compared to other families and their relations.

The thing that sucks most about this childhood of mine is that I resolved to playing games from a young age(11-12) to engulf my sadness and this is one of the reasons I am so stupid today. I never had a father figure and I don't know shit about anything, cars, computers, any work around the house, I am so fucking incapable of some fundamental things due to my poor upbringing and that hurts me so much that I can't relate with my friends when they talk about such things. I hated middle school, but maybe I was bitter due to my situation...high school was hell first 2 years due to a sadistic teacher(wanna stay anonymous so not gonna say what subject) that ruined many generations and a few other horrible teachers.

In third year I stressed so much that I had to go to the doctor due to my chest hurting. Luckily, all is fine.

Coming closer to the present, 2019 was the worst year in my life. In January I was emotionally manipulated, lied to and degraded by the first person I ever loved, and that was 2-3 days from the 7th year anniversary of my fathers death, this destroyed me emotionally. Then in May I met a girl at prom which I still objectively think was the best for me. We went to 2 dates and after the 2nd we never saw each other because I was a pussy, I didn't make a move and then at the end of it asked for the kiss(I got it though). Although I am not sure this was the reason, cause she left for another city to study so she said she didn't wanna give me false hope, which is okay, but she could have said that at the beginning and not a month after we have known each other. Anyway, to my surprise I got over it somewhat quickly. Then in september I met a girl in a club that was just such a bitch, at first I gave her my number and we chatted a bit and when I asked her out she said she forgot how I look like and even if she did she doesn't want any action now, and then we agreed somehow to meet, but that she will call me in a few weeks, she didn't. Later due to my stubbornness and anger found out she had a bf the entire time. Then in October met a girl while outside with friends drinking, we had a decent first date but after that she ignored me 2 times when we were out. So I decided to block her on all social media, fuck her. I had a few other encounters but they were so irrelevant that they are not worth mentioning. I am happier now because at the end of December 2019 I met a girl from instagram and now we are basically boyfriend and girlfriend.

The problem now is that a part of my family is moving to a bigger house and we will probably live with my uncle for a while and this is a huuuuge deal for me, I have been in this house for almost 20 years and leaving it now(even though I had bad memories with it) will have an impact on me, although going to college will be easier and this is a change needed cause we were 2 families in 1 house and we don't really like each other that much. I know this is petty and uncalled for from me, but I HATE the fact that I have such a small shitty family and that I couldn't have the privilege that many other peers of mine had. I feel so left out and sad when I hear other family related stories so I think you can get my frustration.

I am in university now, I am doing okay, but this one subject I can't pass due to my laziness and insomnia and not having that subject in highschool, it's extremely hard for me and I feel so fucking stupid. I wanna change for the better but my position doesn't allow me, in regard of home and mental state. Sometimes I get so bored that I fall into depression, feel like a burden too. Somedays I feel like I can just end my life to end my suffering and unfair life from start to "finish".

What can I do if I have the vibe that I am never going to make it no matter how hard I try?