I wish I had it in me to do itThis is long and I don't know if you care enough to read:

Despite Zoloft and "help" from therapy and counseling, here I was just a few minutes ago by the window on the 2nd floor of the big house of my grandparents' I have here. For almost two years I have wanted to die and it's been off and on, but these recent months I've felt more urges to die. I admitted last month I have had depressive and suicidal thoughts to my family after my recent break up that I was starting to know of, and was admitted to the hospital, which led to me getting meds and therapy. 

I have autism, am 18, a high school senior who is homeschooled. Had a past that wasn't so great, called 4 men my dad total, had bullying problems, low self esteem, eating disorders, sensory disorders, heartbreaks, and lots of abandonment. I had a major heartbreak in 2017 when some girl I clinged to for a year and a half left me, which caused emotional instability to this day.

I am far behind on schoolwork, 42 units left, almost 16 days left till all units are due and I haven't done College Credit Plus work for 3 weeks straight going on 4, and I am not confident I can finish up my schoolwork and pass. There is no motivation anymore and am hopeless. Imagining my grandparents taking everything away from me if that happens and everyone disappointed and angry that I failed. I don't want to be here to witness it. 

This world isn't fit for me either and there is nothing I have to live for, there is no career path for me (I make music, but there are no musicians around me into what I'm into), I can't be independent and be on my own, drive a car, etc., and I have no motivation to try. I'm not mentally capable and want to live like a kid till the end of my life. I have been taking care of myself less and less, not caring about my hygiene, chores, and myself. I've been on Reddit most of time ignoring my problems but I know it won't go away like that. I have no hope left and I wish I killed myself by falling down the ferris wheel 7 some years ago so I wouldn't have to be in this spot right now. I don't want to live and I don't want to be here.

I admitted to the planning of using a handgun to shoot myself in the head and was also thinking of jumping out of my bedroom window. My grandparents locked up their weapons but that won't stop me from jumping out of the window. I was really close to doing it those few minutes ago but I chickened out. Wish I had the courage... But I have a feeling one day I will snap.