Chronically mentally and physically ill with something unknown, I don't want to do this anymoreIt all started 4 years ago and I've had a series of problems. The fuckhead doctors diagnose me repeatedly with bullshit like Bipolar disorder and Schizophrenia but I have had hundreds of physical symptoms. I know mental illnesses can cause physical side effects but these are not side effects, they are real symptoms. On top of this, my brain feels like it is on fire 24/7. This has been EVERY SINGLE DAY since my junior year of high school when ftigue first showed up and has not yielded, not once. My musceles feel horrible, my nerves feel like they don't work. I'm wobbly and bendy all the time.

Symptoms I have are extensive. Verbal issues, grammatical issues which I never used to have, irritability that is bad enough to land me in the hospital, headaches, SEVERE fatigue which is so bad sometimes I throw up just from moving, patchy hair loss and hair thinning everywhere on my body, a constant lump in my throat making it hard to inhale without my throat closing on itself, weight gain (on a person who was thin his entire life) around my stomach area, upper chest, and under my chin, severe tinnitus that appears at random and goes away, gastrointestinal issues, though these have always been there. My lower stomach is so fat I can't even breathe, it's just crushing my lungs.

Mentally I have rapid mood fluctuations that are so bad I sometimes have to sit down. I tell people I am dealing with allergies issues because they need an explanation, with my fucked ass sitting there breathing heavily trying to handle severe depression that just appears within 10 minutes and disappears about 30 minutes later, followed by mania for a couple hours, then depression, then mania. The mania is weird because I feel great and I act eccentric and dress funny. This lasts a few hours. I was running down the street talking to everyone and making conversation and then I collapsed by the end of the street, in a severe state of depression, and then minutes later I felt great again so I just kept going, collapsed again, etc. This happens every day. Longest bout of depression was 3 weeks, longest of mania was 1 month, withi nthat was hypomania VS mania. Then after that I'm just on and off every single day, mania depression mania depression, nonstop, months and months of torment.

In terms of what they consider psychosis, I want nothing to do with this godforsaken species anymore. Our societies are inefficient and broken. I've seen it first hand. I have gone to hundreds of doctors, trying to find even ONE that will sit and listen to me for a moment. My thoughts don't make sense, none of my goals make sense. I am a 20 year old and I have 30 different goals every single day. I cn't follow a single thing. I don't want to work a normal job and I can't even if I try because I'm too mentally unstable to do so. I suffer with cyclic obsessions lasting hours. My brain, emotions, mood, and body are on auto pilot and there is not ONE thing in my life I have control over apart from writing this. After I write this, I have to let myself go to sleep (at 4 fucking PM) because I'm exhausted. I can't remember anything. I can't find the right words for what I want to express in myself. I can't find people to date or any shit and I'm so fucking lonely. I used to be attractive and I used to be very good with words and communication, I won awards for writing, look at this shit now. Look at me now.

I've done a lot on my end. I have a good sleep schedule, I exercise daily, I eat healthy and 2-3 times a day. I'm doing everything right. My body and my brain however, they've decided to fuck me over.

This life is hell. And the doctors are stupid. hey don't car eabout me. They sit there saying "wow, that sounds hard, sorry to hear that." Then the appointment's over. That's it. That's all the help these thousands upon thousands of "you should seek help"'s got me. That's all? What the fuck is this system. then, like anyone who's enduring this kind of hell, I want to die, they hospitalize me. There, I sit awake all night listening to other insane people screaming and throwing up on me (literally), and the entire fucking night, then I go back home into my miserable life, only to do it al over again. 

Then I sit there in the medical office and list out the syptoms and get a test done and NOTHING come sback. You have no idea how horrifying it is to sit there and get NOTHING as your result. I Wish to fucking god something would come back! I"m tired of this shit. I wish I was REALLY fucking sick, not sick with some pseudofuckery.

I am begging family members to let me go over a few states so I can do assisted suicide. I am working too hard just to stay alive. I have to spend so much energy breathing through lungs that refuse to move and become rock-hard. I am working so hard to bear the symptoms that should be found in 100 people, not one fucking person. It is selfish for others to want me to stay here, they don't have to fight this mystery fucking illness that has literally SHREDDED my fucking life into a thousand pieces since high school. My friends are all gone. My life is ogne. My college is gone. I'm sitting here, alone in a fucing house day after day and I can't do a fucking thing about it. I was an atheist before this hell hit me, now I'm starting to think I am being punished for something by god or satan or some paranormal entity, or posessed. I don't know. All I know is that whatever the fuck I did to deserve this hell, this torment every second, it was not worh the punishment. I want to die so that motherfucker who caused this to me can go fuck themselves. I'm so fucking tired of this.

Therapists cannot help. Doctors cannot help. Or they refuse to I don't know. I am alone here. I have been fighting this battle for 4 years, alone in a room, with the occasional hundredth or so therapist and doctor. mY OBsessions are powerful, my brain is laughing at me, mocking me. I am this squishy, soft weak little motherfucker who sits here and eases my way into obscurity. These people don't know what the fuk they're doing. This rant is nonsensical and I won't get any closer to being happy by sitting here and writing this out but I don't have anything better do so fuck it, and Fuck all of this and the system we have collectively been forced to live in, and the system that can barely help me yet repeatedly tells me to seek help, and the thing that created this hell just for me, whatever the fuck it mayb e.