Probably going to get drunk and jump off a high bridge this year. Already picked out a popular suicide bridge in my city.My problems stem from society and domestic abuse. I grew up and went to school in a small town where many people are racist towards non whites. I have brown skin and look Muslim and therefore was subject to neglect and abuse my entire child and teenage years. I have mostly german and french background but it didn't matter because i looked Muslim. I was called a Paki more times than i can remember. People would make jokes about me and 911. They'd make jokes about me blowing up people with bombs. People would call me a terrorist. People didn't like to talk to me. I would just get ignored. My parents didn't like to talk to me, nobody. I had mental problems around grade six and talking to my parents about it but i was ignored. I felt like i developed a form of dissociation and it's never really gone away, only marijuana helps. When i get burned out and have a lot of anxiety I lose my vision. It's called ocular migraine disorder. I lose half my vision for about half an hour and then when it comes back i have a migraine headache. My parents and friends had a very callous attitude towards this. Nobody would talk to me about it, not even my parents. It was just ignored. I had strong issues with anxiety and marijuana could have turned my life around during highschool but i was brainwashed into thinking marijuana was something it wasn't. It wasn't till after highschool that i discovered the wonderful uses of marijuana. I have dermatillomania, a skin picking disorder which is a form of ocd, for at least 8 years now. It's a bald spot the size of a quarter on my head and i use needles and knives on it. Something about the pain feels good in a way. I'm addicted to it and don't want to quit.

I feel like being ignored so much, neglect, and a lack of mental stimulation has lead to a decline in my cognitive abilities. I can't talk to people very well anymore. I have trouble forming sentences. My short term memory is really shitty which leads to me not being able to have conversations with people. People even add insult to injury. My dad has told me I can't talk. He's said I can't learn, even though i passed 4 classes in university, calculus, statistics, english, computer programming. I get told I can't learn anything and i'm retarded. 

I'm too angry to work, too angry to go back to school. I'm literally angry all the time. Memories of being taunted and abused don't go away, it's like the anger only increases as time goes on.

Anyway unless i could have daily source of marijuana to keep me going I won't be lasting much longer. Marijuana is the only substance i'm willing to use to treat my emotion pain. Drinking helps but you can't drink everyday and it cost too much. Literally my life could be saved and i wouldn't commit suicide if i could get marijuana. I guess the government would rather have me take my own life than to give me marijuana. 

It might even be this month that i make the jump. A troubled kid about my age with schizophrenia recently killed himself by jumping off the same bridge i'm going to jump off of. It's a very popular suicide bridge.

I remember when i completed grade 5 I got the award for highest academic. Now i'm 20, feeling retarded, feeling betrayed by society and my government, and suicidal.
