My wife will end her life due to physical painHi,
I'll try to keep this short, although it is impossible because of complexity of the story. This is story about my wife's life, will call her X.

She was the only child. Her father was alcoholic and abused her mother. When X was 15, she and her mother finally moved. She finished high school and went to medical school. To finance it, her mother get in debts. She was under extreme pressure, not to fail, because of financial obligations. She managed to finish it and became a MD, although it was quite rough for her. 
About that time we met and fell in love. She was finishing her school and getting ready for career and I was in the middle of nowhere, drop out of college, and worked shitty job for shitty pay. She is the one that convinced me to go back to college, get a degree and now how well paid IT job. So while I was studying and doing part-time shit jobs, she was working, we were doing OK. If that was all we would be super happy, but it wasn't: her mother was still in serious debts, and my parents were going through real hell. Their lawyer cheated/manipulated on them and they lost their business and family home. Of course, this wasn't all done in a day, this was several years of struggle and extreme pressure. Can't even describe how much that ruined my health. Few years later, as I said, I got my degree and we moved to big city, got married and we were ready to start normal life.

But then real hell started. My wife started to feel pain in her foot. We went to see all kind of doctors, did MRI's, X-rays, all kind of tests and nothing. So we went to best neurologist in the country. She said "this is all in your head, take some antidepressants".  So she was on antidepressants for almost 1 and a half years. It didn’t help her, she didn’t feel any change, so she wanted to stop taking them, so she we can try to have a baby. She asked neurologist how to stop taking these drugs, she said “just stop immediately”. 
Consequence of it was that my wife developed extremely severe withdrawal/discontinuation syndrome. Anyone who has gone through that, knows that this is living hell, you get all kind of symptoms, like you have 20 diseases at once. And that lasted for more than a year. She couldn’t get better, but also she couldn’t get off the drug. So, another “expensive and top doctor”, lead her through bridging process, which means switching from one antidepressant to another, in order to stop taking them all more easily. And this situation also was with the worst possible outcome. She developed serotonin syndrome, from taking 2 different antidepressants at the same time. That led to unbelievable eye pain and problems in general, that she was able only to lie in bed with covered eyes, for full month. In this month we went 2 times to ER, even they kept her in hospital for 3 days. They did all kind of examination and found nothing, telling her they can’t help her and eventually send her home. 
In the meantime, she had to quit her job and we moved to Germany because of, hopefully better health system, and so we can be able to survive with only me working. As I mentioned few lines before, this visit to ER and hospital was in one big city in Germany, but yet no help at all. They sent her home.
Weeks later and her eyes got a bit better, but her foot and her neck started to hurt more and more. In the end she is diagnosed with CRPS. And this was the end of it. After this diagnose, she said she don’t want to live anymore, and she is only thinking of how to peacefully and painlessly leave this life. The only therapy that can help to decrease pain are various medication (e.g. Ketamine), and she can’t take any of them, due to recent serotonin syndrome. So it literally means “You are in most extreme pain. There is no medication. There is no help. All you can do is suffer”. She, understandably, can’t stand this, or live anymore without any hope. There is no meaning for her to live.
X often says “If I had cancer it would be easier”. I also think it would be. Because that way she would after certain period would either be gone or healthy. This way she is sentenced to extreme pain and suffering until the end of her life. Also this way people would understand it, and call her and offer her support etc.
After 30 years of real struggle, where she gave her best and did not surrender, she got hit by not 1, not 2, but 3 diagnoses that doctors can’t or won’t help you, and in most cases they are saying “you are making it up”. And what is the most important, all of these diagnosis make you suffer enormous pain, 0-24, 7 days a week. 
X had a birthday recently, of course it was shitty one. And it is Christmas now. And it gets even harder for her, because everybody are doing this or that, and all she can do is lie in the pain. Without hope that it will get better. She is not now and never was depressed. It is not that she wants to kill her because she doesn’t want to live. It is because she doesn’t want, she can’t suffer any more. She is too exhausted by the all struggles she survived so far. But her desire to live is big, great. To do a lot, to make a lot, to provide a lot. Other day she was crying and praying, saying: “God please give me a chance to heal, a chance to live. I will volunteer all the time, I don’t need anything for me, but the chance to live”.
As I said, she is also MD, and she is and always been very rational person. She looks herself as a patient. Patient that can’t be helped. So, I can’t just say “hang in there it will get better”, because there is nothing realistic on what she can hang to. 
Why am I writing this? I would like you to write something to her. Whatever you want or think it is appropriate. Just please don’t use “It will get better” clichés, because she hates it. Anything. I would like to have here some responses, some words from you, and use this as a Christmas gift, show her later.
Please free to cross-post this to other subredits, if you think it is appropriate. 

tl;dr – My wife had really though life so far, and then it got worse when she was hit with following medical problems (most severe case), mostly due to incorrect diagnosis/therapy:

* Drug withdrawal, [Check this link to see what it looks like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BzcabU4NfA&amp;feature=youtu.be)
* Serotonin syndrome (SS) is a group of symptoms that may occur following use of certain serotonergic medications or drugs.[1] The degree of symptoms can range from mild to severe.[2] Symptoms include high body temperature, agitation, increased reflexes, tremor, sweating, dilated pupils, and diarrhea.[1][2] Body temperature can increase to greater than 41.1 °C (106.0 °F). Complications may include seizures and extensive muscle breakdown.[
* CRPS - Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS), also known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD), is a long term condition that often worsens with time. It is characterized by severe pain and sensitivity, swelling, and changes in the skin.[1] It may initially affect one limb and then spread throughout the body; 35% of people affected report symptoms throughout their whole body

She has no brothers or sister, only her mother (lives in another country) and me. We are barely keeping together.
The bottom line is, after 30+ years of all kind of battles, now to continue to live it is required to suffer unbearable pain 24/7, stay in bed all day, give up on all dreams, and throw away all effort you have put in the last 15 years.



