Girlfriend drew a knife.Okay, so I (M31) met a girl (F30) online last month. Things have been going pretty fast, we've travelled a lot already and seen each others family's. She mentioned she didn't understand why I was so nice to her, that she is crazy etc. She has seen 6 psychologists. She seemed a balanced individual but open with her difficulties that come with having a human mind. Fair enough. Everything was GREAT apart from when one issue was brought up while on holiday - porn.

I expressed my opinion of it - that it is like visual cheesecake, and is not the same as the real thing and shouldn't take precedence over connection with a partner, but it has its place as a masturbation aid for when sex isn't possible. She had an extreme reaction and became incredibly distant.
I agreed to not watch it for the sake of enjoying the rest of the holiday but after, I mentioned that I wasn't happy with her trying to control how I masturbate and be the gatekeeper of my sexuality, esspecially as it does'nt involve anyone else.
We came to an agreement which was "minimize it and to not talk about it". Which was VERY hard for her. I found this  a good agreement.
But then a week later as I was leaving her place to go to mine, we wouldn't see each other until a couple days. She asked if I would "save it for her". And I replied "I probably will". Or words to that affect. I could tell immediately she wasn't happy and she started questioning if I had watched porn since the agreement. I replied honestly, which was a yes. And I said it is not a problem in our sex lives if we are both satisfied sexually from one another.

She also says that because I fantasize about other women that is the same as cheating (in her head) Well...she ended up grabbing a modelling knife and saying she was going to kill herself and that I should leave her place. She started saying I don't love her and don't care. I felt totally manipulated, and I was totally shocked at this behaviour. I had work early the next day and I only ended up getting 3hrs sleep at her place because I was woken up with a tirade of "I can't be trusted" etc.

She apologised the next day and said she would do therapy. Said she has a hard time controlling her emotions etc

I'm just so taken aback. I want to help any issues she has, because I would want support too in that position. But I feel a lot more concerned now about the  relationship and how it will affect my own wellbeing and happiness in the future.

I feel her wanting to control me in this fashion is bang out if order, and to behave in that way has revealed her emotional immaturity/sensitivity as well as insecurity as a woman living amongst other women.

I just need to get this off my chest, any suggestions or opinions welxome. Thanks

TL;dr - gf thinks porn is cheating but we agreed I would minimise it and to not talk about it. She asked if I had watched it since agreement - when the answer yes was given - she said she wanted to commit suicide and grabbed a modelling knife. She is going to therapy. I am shocked but want to help and want to make it work if it can work. Any suggestions to help me/her/us are welcome. I feel a lot of potential in us working but not if this continues.