Fuck life broBeing told by my significant other that me asking if he is okay and trying to talk it out with him and make him feel better is something he doesn’t like and is stressful. All I ever try to do is make this man happy. ALL the fucking time. I would let my mental health go to shit for him (and it has) and he gives 0 fucks. If he needs to cope with things different that’s fine but being so fucking mean about it makes me want to die. On top of that we broke up for two damn weeks a couple months ago and he started seeing a new girl the day we broke up and she would do the same shit I would and he LOVED it he loves it when she talked it out with him he loved it when she said she was sorry for what he was going through so much so that he said she ‘made him the happiest he had felt in 3 years’ (the duration of our relationship) that shit has stuck with me everyday I think about it 24/7 but I use it as fuel to be the best girlfriend for him and treat him super special like he is the only person who matters and tbh it’s true. I’m a wreck and walking on a rope. I was starting to feel better but I’m back in a the worst spot. I would already be dead if it wasn’t taking so long to get the gun I’m buying from a friend. My life is fucked from family to spouse... it’s so funny because usually couples fight over someone NOT being emotionally supportive and their was a time in our relationship where I was NOT emotionally supportive (it was after a certain traumatic incident) he HATED it and said I was ‘cold’ and ‘mean’ but now I’m being EVERYTHING he wanted and he now doesn’t like it???? I’m starting to think this has more to do with who I am more than what I’m doing. I think if it was any other girl he would LOVE it but he doesn’t want it to be me doing it. I truly think he hates me in a weird form. Life just is so stupid. What am I even doing here? Like nothing is going right for me? Why even keep trying...to what achieve some fucking goal and feel happy and fulfilled for a half second and then it goes away? No one can feel fulfilled completely. You will ALWAYS have regrets and you will never complete your bucket list so why are you doing all of this stupid shit? Why the fuck don’t we all wake up and realize we are pitiful and our existence is really just majority failure, pain and suffering and wipe out the human race already? Nothing fucking matters anyway.