Just really need some help..I don't want to sit here and give you my entire life story, So I'll try and just give you the parts that stick out to me.. I just really am looking for anything to make me feel better at this point. Advice, support, even a "hey you can do it" My apologies if I accidentally leave out some stuff, I just have a lot on my mind.

I've been struggling with so many mental health problems all my life. They're mostly a byproduct of my really unhelpful and just genuinely crappy parents. Severe depression, anxiety and suicide being the biggest issues with me. When I was born I almost died, I had stopped breathing. I had to be put into some kind of machine to help me breathe if I can recall correctly. I swear I still remember it, however odd that may sound. I always believed all my life, or tried to at least, that that was a sign that I was here to do something. Up until I was about 8-9 my parents were together. My grandmother (mom's) died 3 months after I was born, so I never got to meet her, sadly. My dad hated me from the day I was born because I took attention away from him from my mother, he tried to kill me multiple times and beat me more often than not. He threatened to kill my pets, left my on the sides of roads and drove off, twisted me arms and legs, smothered me. He loved to make me watch scary movies and forced me to look at pictures of gore on these really weird, unfiltered websites.. among other things (Nothing sexual, thankfully) He beat my mom and often times I got to witness that too.. I saw him choke her against a wall and break her fingers. He'd belittle me and tell me how much of a wuss I was etc, He loved embarrassing me in public and getting reactions out of people at my expense. The only reason I really think they got divorced is because of me. I started drawing pictures of him beating me up at school, I was about 6-7 at the time.  All the while his mom tried to constantly get custody of me and came up with a lot of excuses to get cyf out to the house (his whole side of the family isn't the greatest). SO they divorce and we move back to my mom's home state. We constantly moved with him by the way because he was also always running from the police, I know he ran people off the road, ran a guy over and did some other shady stuff, I know a lot I don't know of. So I never really got to make friends for long or just really get used to anything. He also didn't let my mom have contact with her family that much so I never really got to meet my grandpa a whole lot other than one time he came to visit for a few days. So we go back to her home state and I finally get to meet my grandpa. I loved him so much and how he always got the family together despite problems within. Eventually, of course, he died. So those events just kinda stopped. And I started to really spiral down as my mother did aswell. I've always had a hard time with school or anywhere with as potential crowd. I just constantly think people are laughing or talking about me because of all the crap with my dad. My mom became a giant introvert and barely left the house. Now I'm basically just like her.. It's hard to talk to anybody and I stumble for words and get so embarassed of myself when I try and talk. I have no friends at all and the amount I've had in life is about 4-5. She was(is) also pretty much a hoarder so we basically lived in some really disgusting environments. We ate maybe 1 meal a day for years, it was dinner and it was always at about 2-3 am. She never got snacks or anything to really have at home. She said we ate too much and stuff. This was for maybe 6-8 years, but it's still a thing with my sister who's the only one left there.. Thankfully she's getting out soon too. She never really cared. We had no bathroom for years (still doesn't, I'm just out of there) So we had to run across the highway to a convenience store to go or just go in other unethical conditions.. She's had plenty of oppurtunities to fix the bathrooms but she just never does. She has about 5-6 dogs, a bird, some fish. SO the house was constantly pooped in and there was hair everywhere. She constantly is trying to get me or my brother to come back and live with her, which I don't understand. She traps his car in the drive wayt to the point he hast to park on the street, and is constantly saying "If you and (my so) ever fight you can stay here" I hear it about once a week.. I did try to commit suicide multiple times and have always struggled with cutting.. It sounds so corny but I've become so detached from everything. My mom's constant abuse towards me basically made me sorta emotionless. I just learned to take whatever she dished out and go hide in my room. The cutting was basically to get my mind off the current pain and let me focus on a lesser, smaller pain at the current moment. I overdosed on thanksgiving a couple years ago (I believe I was 17, now 22) and nobody bothered to even check on me. Despite me expressing suicidal thoughts and the like. I took a bunch of my old expired meds and went to sleep. I felt like crap the whole night and I really think I shouldve died, along with the few therapists I've told. But I didn't.. so that led me to believe that maybe I was really meant for something.. but I still don't know. Moving on from that (sorry) pretty much as soon as we moved she had me admitted to a psych hospital to get on meds. I was in the hospital a total of 36 times since the age of 10-17 and was in a residential treatment facility for 3 years somewhere in between all that. I had a big problem with school, again, so anytime my mom was threatened with fines or something she'd basically put my in an rtf. The school there was pretty rough but I did get used to it. I was constantly bullied by a select few but it didn't bother me too much. I was basically never home. The education system there was extremely watered down also. The teachers often said themselves all you have to do to pass is show up. I hated it because I never felt like any of it was making me smarter. It was extremely watered down material. I flunked 11th grade and dropped out there and then because I just couldn't go there anymore. And I couldn't even go back to public school because I wasn't prepared at all. I was taught 4th-5th grade material in 10th-11th. And that's just been a whole other problem. Something that really doesn't add up to me is that both my brother and sister are the same way, extremely truant and don't go. But neither have been in an rtf or hospitalized anywhere near my amount (My brother was put in an rtf once, but that was because of a doctor so she was basically forced into it) I've had so many therapists and been on so many meds. I honestly hate explaining my life to therapists/people at this point because of how many times I already have.. And I feel numb enough that I really don't want on meds anymore, I've had a couple bad instances with side effects and the like. Anyway.. back to my mother.. I never really had much clothes or the like. We didn't have a washer and dryer so I was constantly wearing dirty clothes or washed them in the sink. I really feel like she hated me and still does. She bought my brother and sister mountains of clothes and anything they liked. She especially spoiled my brother, buying him multiple cars and all the newest video gaming consoles etc. Meanwhile my brother threw away a big bag of clothes of mine the one time my mom decided to go to the laundrymat, leaving me with maybe 1 or 2 outfits. I just never really understood. All my childhood I wanted nothing but to protect her, but it really just still seems like she holds something against me. So during my teenage years I met a girl. I really liked her and she me. It went well for a bit but eventually she went with other people and dumped me. This happened multiple times, I kept taking her back cause I really thought she was the one and I wanted to help her.. and honestly I was just so lonely. Eventually I got over it and met someone else, that lasted about a month until she texted me saying she'd been sleeping with a bunch of people. So i go on my lonesome again. Eventually I see girl number one struggling with drug addiciton. She was dating a relatively big drug dealer so I texted her, just as a friend. I knew she struggled with suicide and the like. Well we got to talking once more and despite my defensiveness we got together. We've been together ever since (5 years) and we have a son now too (8 months). So for awhile she stayed with me at my mothers, I really hated that she had to live like us but her mom wasn't the most helpful either.  Thankfully my grandfather left me some money. I bought a house and a car, to support her and my son. Which basically used it all up. Everyone around me said it was a very smart thing and I thought so too. Anyway what I'm trying to get at. Basically, for the past year I've been paying all the bills etc. She hasn't really worked at all so we've been constantly struggling as I try my best to support three people. She's suffered from very bad post partum depression and really didn't get out of bed for months.. I really don't hold it against her. More often than not we starve half the month but it's fine aslong as my son is taken care of. Well recently she's become a stripper.. She could never really hold a job for more than a month and honestly as much as I hate it, I'll take anything.. Her sister was one I guess so she helped her and everything get comfortable and they've both sat and explained to me that it's not THAT bad. It still really concerns me but we'll see I guess. Now here's the part that just really drove me over the edge.. She totaled the car I just bought 4 months ago, brand new, last night. I'm sorry to say but she's not an excellent driver. Anytime we're together she drives incredibly fast and reckless, I tell her to be careful but she gets mad and thinks she is some kind of f1 driver I guess. This is kind of a problem of hers, I'm not sure why but she just doesn't think she can do a whole lot wrong. And thinks I'm insulting her or whoever is telling her to be careful? Thankfully she's safe. It was really bad and she went over a guard rail and the like.. I'm very thankful she's okay.. and hopefully it was a lesson to her (an unfortunate one, but still). But I just don't know what to do about a car. We have insurance and stuff but it was never inspected so I'm not sure if that means anything. And if it does I'm not sure what to do.. How will I go to the store, or take my son to his appointments.. or really anything. Sometimes I just feel like she doesn't care, honestly. I and many others have told her to be careful.. she has a 8 month old baby and I hate to say it but it does make me a little mad that she was so careless.. I just don't know. I'm at wits end. All this stuff has been on my mind forever and now this. I'm the reason my mom is divorced, why did my dad hate me? why did my mom make me some kind of martyr.. she took everything out on me and often times got my brother to beat me up, and god forbid I did anything or she'd call the police on me. Why did I never get to meet my grandma. And why did my grandpa have to leave so soon.. why's my mom not care one bit about any of her kids, really. Or herself? she lives in filth and it's basically a dump. But she see's nothing wrong and gets extremely angry and defensive and basically shuns you if you so much as say something she doesn't like. And she's always been like that. Why didn't my own dad and mother even care about me? I always say they did in their own sick way but it's hard to convince myself..  Now this car fiasco and I'm going to be pressured once again to find a solution. I've been under so much stress the past year. I had to watch him for weeks on end because she was just too depressed, pay for everything and figure out all the finacial problems.. I just don't understand what I did to warrant any of this.. I don't understand why it feels like I've always been singled out, even by my family. And now all this stuff is happening with the car and I just don't know what to do at this point.. I hate always thinking about dying but it's really weighing on me right now.. I just don't FEEL like I belong here.. I feel like I'm just too unlucky. Like by an unnatural amount and that something/someone is trying to tell me something. I love my son so much and it's really a main factor as to why I just haven't. But there's some new problem everyday that just piles on. It's just so hard. I feel like I was never meant to be here in the first place, that maybe I was supposed to die at birth. And that if I did my parents would still be together and everyone would be generally happier.. I feel bad at times that my son's parents don't even have it together, and we're both giant messes. And that I've just doomed him. Idk..

Sorry to write out a book for you all, but it was hard to even shorten it this much.. Anyway, Thank you for taking the time to read this. 