im so exhausted from sufferingthis isnt my first post here. ive had a few attempts. some ive posted here before i did them. obviously they didnt work out. im just so tired. not physically. not even mentally. im just tired of dealing with bullshit. ive had many things come up this year. ive overcome nearly all of them. but theres one i havent and i dont think i ever will. i made a best friend in january. she was actually the best. we spoke all day. and she gave me the sweetest message on my birthday. she was a super supportive friend and always happy to help. she was the only person i trusted. so i ended up telling her everything which didnt go well. in february, i told her of my attempt after i failed. she was super supportive. she said i could always vent to her. and i said the could do the same. so we did. around june she began to talk less. and i felt that it was my fault. when i spoke to her about it, she said everything was fine. in august, i had my second attempt. i didnt tell her of that until mid september. so she didnt have a drastic reaction to it since she knew i was okay. when i sent that message, i also told her i was going to try to get better. and i did. i started eating, sleeping, and working better. but on october 12th, that all went to shit for reasons i wont get into. that night, i sent her a long goodbye message. almost as a way to remember me i guess? it was basically just me telling her about how nothing was her fault. i failed, again. and at that point, she had enough. she told me on the 29th that she couldnt handle me anymore. that i had become too much for her to take on herself. she said she wanted to become friendly faces rather than besties and that shes been trying to slowly separate for a while. and that hurt more than anything i had ever heard in my life. we havent spoken since and im still hurting from it. i understand its a fully justified reason and i respect it. thats why i havent pushed her to talk to me. but its just so hard hearing that your best friend doesnt wanna be friends with you. it was especially hard since her birthday was in two days and i was super excited to celebrate with her. she says we MIGHT be able to get close again in the future, but not now. knowing her, that was just to make me feel better. i just miss her a ton. she was my best and only friend. she was so special to me. the one thing that kept me going most of the time and the only thing i ever looked forwards to. and now i want to die even more. i have nobody to lean on, and i lost the most important person in my life. i want to tell her that if she ever wants to talk to me again, she can. but i know she’ll just leave it on read and never respond. and that will only hurt me more. she blocked my from her insta story, and i heard from some people that she said she just got out of a toxic friendship. so now i feel that she hates me and i just dont understand why. i want to be her friend. i really really do. shes the kindest soul. i want to tell her that i wont vent to her anymore and be a burden, but i feel that in doing so, she would think im desperate for her and only push her away. i just wish i was dead so that i wouldnt have to deal with this. i dont think i can handle much more. i cant swallow pills and my knife is super dull. so my only way out is jumping out a window but its only the second story and thats too low for guaranteed death. i just dont know what to do anymore. thanks for reading to the end. ill stop wasting your time