Look forward to the endI want to write this down, I usually don't talk emotions out in the open. 
I've realised depression never leaves me. Then again  I could go months without feeling what I'm feeling now. I can feel happy for weeks and weeks, and then it just HITS me like a brick. the past few weeks though. that feeling has come back to bite me hard. I've lost my job because I couldn't handle it, I was having breakdowns. I'm ignoring messages from the few people who actually bother contacting me, i don't know why i do it. which is like, 2 people. i just can't get myself to reply to messages ever. so that's why I don't really have friends. I have zero contact with my family, i haven't spoken to any of them since 2015, I had abusive parents so I ran away from home soon after i turned 16. went to live with my then boyfriend. broke up with him last summer because he became a druggie who ended up abusing me emotionally and physically. So I left to live in a different town, got a job, started renting out a room in a shared house because i can't afford my own place. and at this moment in time, i want to just crumble in the corner and just fucking die. i feel like i'm ALWAYS saying the wrong things, upsetting people, i'm so angry. and it's not like i have anywhere to go, it's not like i have ANYWHERE. I don't even have a family, nothing. i have nothing. but to be honest, the fact that i don't have friends is all my fault. because i freak out when someone tries to get close to me. i freak. it's been a year since i've had a boyfriend. haven't even been on a date yet. i feel like i want to, but i also feel like i'm too tired for that shit. i can't be bothered to go on fucking dating sites. a cross or a tick? fuck that shit. one thing i guess i am "blessed" with is the fact that i'm 
attractive physically. I see guys checking me out every time i walk down the street, and i ignore them all, it's kind of like "just leave me alone". i was fine and happy this morning. i have a job interview/training day at a local bar tomorrow, just down the road. i've always wanted to do bar work so i'm looking forward to that i guess. but i'll probably fuck that up as well. i don't know man. i've just had enough.