My partners friend been talking about suicide, no contact and no current address/whereabouts. What should we do?My partner’s friend and old coworker hasn’t been himself in the last few months. He made sure to check on him periodically, provided a safe and open space for him, he was very supportive. He checked in on him a couple weeks ago, he hasn’t responded yet, but he does that. 

Fast forward to tonight. My partner gets messages from four of his ex coworkers saying that his friend has been acting strange lately and asked if he had a contact number for his parents or anyone since apparently his landlord called the restaurant (where he works/where my partner used to work) saying that he is concerned about said friend and that he wanted to reach out to his family. 

My partner questions them asking what exactly the landlord was saying. Turns out he’s been acting really different lately and his landlord is concerned but has no emergency contact, hence why he contacted his employers (only contact on file). Also has walked out on service on a number of occasions, saying he’s a failure and acting overall hopeless. 

Tonight, he walked out on service again. He then messaged his current coworker saying very strange and alarming things like: “is tonight the night I die” “I can’t go to the hospital, they’ll capture me and do experiments on me” “I can’t come back to restaurant or they’ll cut me up and eat me”... he’s 23. And doesn’t have much family, had a rough upbringing from the very little he’s shared with my partner. 

Weird thing that we all just realized, no one knows where he lives. The address on file at the restaurant is not current. He’s not answering his phone. Neither is the landlord. 

We’re all very concerned. We’ve contacted the police and they’re trying to contact the coworker that contacted him last but he’s not answering his phone  when they call. We’ve contacted all the emergency departments in the area and no one by his name or his description have checked in and no Jane Does either. We’re trying to do everything we can as fast as we can but seem to just be running in endless circles... 

Any help would be appreciated. 

TL:DR Friend of ours is alarming and has vocalized that he’s suicidal. Called the cops, they’re doing their thing. What else can we do other than call the ER departments and wait on the police?