I'm ashamed of myself, why go on?I'm turning 22 next month, but I honestly don't think I'm gonna reach 22. I don't have an exact date, but I know I'll do it before my birthday, July 11th. It really comes down to this: I truly hate myself, for the things I can't control and the really bad decisions that I've made in my life thus far.

I'll start with the things I can't control. I started realizing I was different when I around 14 years old. That's when my parents told me I was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome at an early age. They got me therapy right away to help with the meltdowns I was having, but that's all it really helped with. I've tried to improve my social skills over the years, but I feel like I've reached a plateau. My social skills aren't as bad as they used to be, but I haven't been able to get any better. It doesn't help that I've always been introverted, even when I was a little kid. I've always been a homebody. I hate parties and any other type of social gathering. So it should be no surprise that I've never had a girlfriend, kissed, or had sex. I've never even asked a girl out. Why bother? I know that any girl will just think I'm a loser anyway because I'm boring and only have one hobby. My dad has Asperger's as well, and I have no fucking clue how he was able to date when he was my age.

I also have anxiety. The only reason I have a job (which is only part time) is because I work with my dad's friend, otherwise I would no work experience at all. A couple of weeks ago my uncle told me his friend who owns an auto parts store was hiring (which would've given my more hours than I have now), and I was basically guaranteed the job if I wanted it, but I couldn't bring myself to apply for it because I was so worried about all of the potential things that could go wrong if I started working there.

Now, for the bad decisions. My parents didn't want to send me to public school, in fear that I would be bullied all of the time because of my Asperger's, so they decided that I should do cyber school instead. Here's where the bad decision comes in. I found out that all of the answers for my assignments, quizzes, and exams for every class were only a Google search away. I ended up cheating in all of my classes for all four years of school, and graduated in 2011 as a cheater. I never told me parents. When I went to take the SAT I scored around 900-1000. That's when I realized how fucked I was. To this day, my parents still believe the reason I did so bad on it was because I'm just not good at taking standardized tests. I obviously wasn't accepted to any universities, so I had to go to community college. I lasted two semesters, only completing 4 out of 8 classes. Then I made bad decision #2, dropping out in 2012.

I wish I was a different person. A person with out Asperger's or anxiety. I person who didn't cheat in high school. I've realized that I'll never be normal. Whenever my dad sees me, he smiles, like he's happy to see more or something. I don't know why. I'm just a burden and I always will be.

Why should I bother continuing to live when everyday for the past 8 years I've woken up wishing I was a different person? Medication didn't work. Therapy over the last couple of years didn't work. There's only one option left, and it's sitting in a cabinet 20 feet away from me for when I get the guts to use it. It's scary knowing that I have the ability to end my life at any moment. If only my father knew what I was thinking, then maybe he would actually hide the cabinet key instead of putting it on the counter...

Tl:dr Dianosed with Asperger's, have bad social skills, introverted, boring, never had a girlfriend, anxiety, cheated all throughout high school, not smart enough for college, wish I was a normal 21 year old, and don't know why I should continue living.