I can’t handle this anymoreMy whole life I’ve been having to put others first, I love to do it but I’ve always felt alone. I’ve never been enough, done enough for anyone. I feel so alone. My last almost successful suicide attempt was in2013 and I honestly wished I succeeded. After that I was raped by a guy I dated.. my life has been full of daily nightmares, second guessing myself, and depression where everyone in my life has demanded more of me. My own mother blames me for what happened and when I asked for sympathy I got told I don’t do enough and deserved it. This man has constantly come into my life when I reach my lowest moments and he’s back now.
I was dumped by my partner of 5 years and the day after my rapist messages me online then sends me a picture from my own email of us two. The picture I deleted and burned all copies. It broke me, he messaged that it’s my fault for what happened, that I should just let him have his way, that he will be seeing me one way or another, that he’s coming to see me, that he’s outside. My partner was my safety net, I’ve tried reaching out but I feel like I can’t. My friends have been so dismissive and just saying it will get better.. but I’m just so tired of only thinking of how to end it, I’m overwhelmed like I’m drowning. I feel so alone, I’ve given up my life and set myself back for everyone around me and I think I just wasted my life doing so.
I’ve tried suicide hotlines but it only helps for the call the second I’m alone with my thoughts it all goes back to hell. I haven’t been able to sleep, eat, or basically do anything without falling apart. 
Is it horrible that I need a savior... that I feel like I’ll never get out, I’ll never get away from my past. 
I’m weak I can’t deal with this, I can’t afford the help that I need and can’t afford to get away or even report him.
I feel so alone and can’t find anyone to ever give a shit for me. I feel like I should just end it now 
All I am is a fuck up, a leech, unconsolable, selfish, unforgiving, and a mistake. It’s like the world wants me gone..