First step, I need help. &gt;.&gt;Hello,

So, I am not sure why I am writing hare, I guess I secretly want help so badly, or at least to talk to someone. 

So. I've been depressed (I guess) for a around a year or two, further and further I my other my take over, I don't know if my problems are serious or not, though I'm not taking it easy. Though there might be people who is suffering way more than I am, and maybe I am not even worthy of a consideration.

I am a guy of a belief, I believe in sins and god, whats right whats wrong, what sad and whats happy, I am tired of putting my smiling mask on every time I speak with someone... I get no support from my relatives, My parents problem solving was ignoring it I suppose, every time Ive felt bad when I was yung (I am 22 now), for example I was bullied in school and I was sad for a week, then tried to run away, when I got back my parents threatened me if I do that again they would get police involved (Though I knew it that it was only speech, wouldn't be action), and similar stuff like that, from that moment I don't speak about my problems to anyone, no one. 

I might be ughhh, how hard it's to say it - gay.. I had a trauma with a friend when i was younger, and I am so confused.. I want to have kids, family, house, a normal life, where no one would judge me, I find man attractive, how ever, I tryed to actually encounter another gay man, we chatted online, and at the end we decided to go to a hotel, when I drove with him, I felt like that was so f*** ing wrong, like it felt not correct, I didin't feel guilty (though I beleave in god like I said and in sins), but something wasn't right, we drove to a hotel and then I told him f*** this I am not gay, I can't do this, than we split up. I find some woman attractive, though I wouldn't imagine having intercourse with a woman, I don't know why, and it keeps bugging me. I keep thinking "maybe I am straight, If only I would try it, I am sure I would like it. Yeh. I think I would!" And I keep thinking about this every single day, so there is that.

Then there is part where I see life pointless.. I just don't see any reason why I should be in it. I keep wondering why did I get hare, why I was the one who born instead of I wouldn't be... Seriously, what is this, you finish school, you study, work for more than half of your life. Yeh, I know - you get some life treats and happy moments, but seriously? Whats the point, if only when we leave, we leave only an opinion towards me. Yeh.. Everyone is not being fair, if you do 10 good things and 1 bad, everyone all ways remembers what bad you did... I am barealy speaking home, parents think I am being selfish and thinking of myself that I am better than everyone else, thought they wouldn't know I feel like I am a true s*** hole... Serusly, the only why I didin't end it yet, is that I am not sure if I am seeking death, I want to be gone - non existant that's true.. I stopped caring about how I look, what I eat, my health, my sleep hours are low as it can get, I feel like I cant do anything, I am a walking fail, I am shy, I have only few friends, treyd to get a psychologist, decided I am better off thinking alone, I wake up and imedeatly think how bad this day is, if I could I wold just sit in a park and stare at stuff whole day, it makes me feel a bit better. Like I said, I don't want death, but further I go on a dark road, I keep thinking that it wouldn't be that bad if the road would end...

So I guess I want opinions and I am searching for an easy way out to figuire it out, maybe I think this is my break point, ether help or the end of my story... 

Sorry If I miss spelled some tings, my English isn't native language.