I'm (21 M) a scientific genius but an emotional mess, I want my life to end ASAPSomewhere in the northeast of Mexico.

I have been wanting to post here for quite a while, I just created this account because I noticed that some "friends" were aware of my other one. 

I just wanted to share my thoughts with someone and I found this sub to be the perfect place. 

This is the first time that I'm sharing this publicly and I'm not a good writer, so beware.

I feel really depressed since I was raped six years ago. He used a long thin stick (less than 10 mm) (a tool of the sport I practiced) to pinch my anus, which left bruises and cuts down there which eventually turned into hemorrhoids. These hemorrhoids healed at the beginning of this year. When I tried to reach out my parents 6 years ago they didn't believe me, and when I finally got them to take me to a hospital, doctors said that I was making it all up. He was my coach, so I tried to reach the authorities of the place where I practiced this sport, they didn't believe me, hence, I was forced to leave the sport. 

All these events caused me anxiety and depression which I can't handle anymore.

My anxiety messed up everything I loved, I can't tell my family that I'm taking psychological therapy because it's kind of a taboo where I live, my (ex)girlfriend (who I met practicing this sport) (she doesn't know the reasons of my anxiety) dumped our 6 year relationship (over text, during quarantine) hating me for my anxiety, the "friends" I seem to make betray me with meaningless things that end up hurting my feelings a lot. I have been struggling making friends because I lost my confidence (Yet I know many people from all over the world).

I'm a scientific genius, I've got my IQ scores and all that stuff that backs me up and I know my potential. I did the IB in high school, I build robots, I like programming, I am an intern in a top tech company, I have many science awards, I got accepted into MIT (but I didn't attend because I wanted to stay on a safe place with my family and (now ex)girlfriend, I was feeling really bad back then), numbers  (yes 1,2,3..) talk to me, etc... But all of this is meaningless because my anxiety has turned me into a weak person.

I tried suicide at least 4 times already, but sadly, I failed every one of them. From drinking bleach, to jumping from a bridge (to water, maybe it wasn't that much of a try). 

I was diagnosed with AML (a type of leukemia) a couple of months ago. At first I was relieved with the news of being sick, I thought that it would be an easy way to end my life, at least better than having to do it by myself. But I'm in remission now and I'm improving a lot, in a couple of weeks I will finish my treatment. Which makes me think that it might be a life lesson that is trying to teach me that it's not my time yet.

As of today, I haven't had many scientific contributions, I have published some papers and I have developed some open source projects, I have a robotics team and a Ted Talk which has inspired a lot of people, but it isn't that much. I know my potential, if I continue with my academic path, I'm sure that I will be a top scientist, one of those that are awarded with important medals and prizes. My fear is that if I continue living, I will become more and more indispensable in the society, thus, it will be harder to leave. People will miss me for what I do (but not for who I am). So I want to end this suffering soon. I don't care about recognition, I just want love, friends and love, but I can't seem to find any. 

I really dislike what society is becoming, people fight over everything, I don't want to be part of this anymore. I know I'm being selfish by wanting to end my life and by placing my personal issues before the world issues that are currently happening. But I already shared a lot and I don't want to be here anymore.

I'm still open, I might find something/someone/myself soon, but I'm getting tired of waiting/doing.

So I'm looking for the perfect time, It has to be soon, otherwise it will be too late to be forgotten.

Feel free to ask anything you want, I will answer.