its not fair to be guilted into living for the sake of "other people"listen, i'm a big advocate for the right to die. ive been depressed since i was a child. i know i havent had the "worst" life, it has been pretty bad tho. and the good experiences i may have had here and there don't take away the impact trauma has had on my life

i wish i could just start again but fuck, i cant, and i am getting tired of trying so goddamn hard to get better when the cards are fucking stacked bro....... im in college after being addicted to a substance, going through an ed (still have that lol) and previously dropping out and past attempts at taking my life... i was on the deans list last year and now im barely gonna pass half of my classes because this pandemic hit. i have untreated adhd that nobody takes seriously and my executive function is crazy bad. ive pushed away so many ppl and despite my best efforts to regulate my dependence and attachment when it comes to personal relationships, im still always too much for people. and i dont wanna scare anyone so im posting here

my family doesnt care really, they never have. its always about them. when ive tried to take my life in the past my mom acts like a caring supportive parent in front of the doctors os psychologists but as soon as its just us she drops the act and its all about her. my brother is also really self absorbed, hes never had to care about others and always been coddled so he never learned how to be considerate of ppl. and i do a lot to self regulate and emotionally support my family but they don't do the same for me. nothing i ask for is followed through with. my mom said we could go to family counselling when we were with the social workers after i disclosed a big trauma to her and despite me doing all the work to find diferent accessible options she always shot all of them down. she doesnt care about supporting me at all emotionally and ive had so many talks with her about what would make our relationshup better but she doesnt. care. she doesnt care. and i hate that every time i say i want to die she says "no, i need you here" like fuck off. you don't need me. if you did, if you loved me, if you wanted to see me healthy you would do the bare minimum to show some effort... acknowledge you harmed me in the past and work on YOURSELF ... anyway 

my chosen mom hates me now too cuz i guess she just decided she couldnt handle giving a shit anymore which is her right and i totally understand . i just. don't feel like anyone loves me

i wanna die so bad but i don't want to fail at it and deal with the repercussions. i dont care if its selfish. i dont care if this post is selfish cuz fuck it man, ive always only really had myself to depend on and trust and i just wish i was never born. why . why why WHY do i have to be alive. if i had access to painless methods i would definitely do it, i dont have access tho. and im too scared to try anything that could possibly hurt because i already have horrible chronic pain that i dont wanna risk making worse

sad part is im 26 and i thought id be dead by now. i dont know what im gonna do i dont feel like i can keep this shit up. i acted like everything was fine for awhile but now my mental health is so bad again. the urge to SH is creeping back up and i havent done it in almost 3 years.

idk what this post is i guess ijust need some supprt. im rly sad i wanna die and escape my life. i cant work right now , even if i could finding a job is so hard. i wont say my whole life story cuz its stupid nothing matters. i just rememebed nothgn matters. holy fuck i hate having a consciousness  my brain wont stop. helpppppppppp