Blamed by familyMy family has lost my sister in law to suicide. Her and my brother were best friends since they were young (known each other for 10+ years) As they grew older they became a couple and recently had a child who just turned 1. They were inseparable. They lived together and then they came to live with me for awhile. We became close and I was used to seeing them together everyday. She was someone who was always smiling, and she loved her son and my brother very much. Recently she had moved out and I guess something happened between them where they were no longer together. My brother had been exposed to someone with covid-19 and so we were in quarantine for 2 weeks. He didn’t go over to her house because he didn’t want to get her or their son sick. She made a post about how “she doesn’t know how fathers can chose not to see their kids”. From there it went all downhill. I knew they weren’t together by the post she would share on fb. I wasn’t sure what the reason was, I still don’t. However, within the last 2-3 days before her suicide she was acting very weird, she came at 12am holding their son and she could barely stand. The next day her mom took her son from her because I’m guessing she noticed something was not right with her. From there she came back to our house she had crashed her car she said due to someone chasing her. She said she was fine but her bumper was off. She left again she came back and had someone(not sure who yet)?bring her to steal my brothers car that night and crashed it because the front light was broken. She said she didn’t steal the car when we asked but she showed up in the car. She said she didn’t remember doing that. Me and my mom sat her down and asked her what was wrong, and that she could tell us anything. She told us she was fine. We made her stay the night and get some sleep in the morning she put sugar in all the cars tanks and other parts of the car at my house, she beat the cars with sticks, she tried to climb into the window where my brother was. She started hitting him, broke his necklace, grabbed his things and started to destroy them they were arguing and it got physical. I broke them up. I went and grabbed my mom and she came out and made sure everything was ok and said this can’t continue to happen. My brother called her sister to tell her what my sis in law was doing, but she said “it’s all your fault” and they hung up. I called my dad and told him he went to look for her and he found her on the side of the street she had left her car parked with windows down and her keys on the street. She didn’t know what she was doing. He brought her to her moms thinking that she would be safe with them, she had grabbed her son and fell with him. Her parents and siblings were there so he left her there with them. We found out she went walking and committed suicide by jumping off the bridge. Her brother and sister had followed her in their car but she jumped off the bridge. Now they are blaming my brother and saying that he can’t go to the funeral or have his son back and that they never want to see us again. They have also been telling people that it was my brothers fault. I just don’t know what to do, or what to say to them. We all miss her too. We are heartbroken. We loved her. Our life will never be the same. I play the last moments with her over and over in my head thinking what I shouldn’t done. But I never expected this to ever happen. Looking for some advise or opinion. I can literally feel the pain in my chest 😢