Fucked up foster kidDidn't really know what to title this or where to start. I guess I'll start about my past so you can understand why i'm so fucked up now.  I don't know my birth father, my "step father" (not married) and mother were drug addicts used to beat and neglect me.  I stayed with them until I was 12 and played into foster care with my step father in jail and my mother in rehab. I'm currently a 16 year old female living with a foster family, my mom's parental rights have been terminated and I am now (essentially) property of the state.  This whole issue has lead to chronic depression throughout my life.  Now a days I just want to die and wish I wasn't born. 

I spend most of my time on the computer wasting what would probably be the best years of my life; I play a pretty small mmo (like 100 active people) that people like me on, made some "friends" and had some "relationships" on it but nothing seems to be enough for me.  In real life i am made fun of for being poor (foster parents optimize profits by buying clothes from good will and having the maximum amount of children in the house (which is 8 in my state).) again there's no one I would really call a friend, some people are nice to me and that's about it.  It just feels like nothing is enough, that i'm always lonely and feel unloved, unwanted, and just tolerated.  

 I can never keep friends or friends group.  Something happens, usually small that hurts my feelings, like not getting invited to do something or not being told information.  I get mad or upset and this stuff happens fairly often, I think this damages my connections to people online which brings up a question I can never get people to answer,  if I am offended or hurt from something small and they don't see what it is (experience from years of friends groups) is it their fault or my fault? Like I am fucked up mentally so should I feel bad for feeling this way? like I'm broken someway that I feel different from most people. I have abandonment and trust issues I NEED to clingy to someone to survive which lead me to "date" people online, usually older people (oldest was a 25 yo when I was 15.)  

I don't know what to do for this, I have "friends" but if I ask them about this stuff it seems like its just an attempt for attentions; like they would think "wow, you want to kill yourself because we didn't invite you?" and you can say they aint your real friends if they think that but its me thinking this. I don't want to live, I can't stop feeling this way, I cant stop clinging to a random person that ends up being a dick and hurting me, I can't stop losing friends.  I went to the woods earlier to look for trees to hang myself from.  Guess you guys (and me writing this as a therapy tool) are the only people that can try to help.

Edit: issues probably are from trying to find someone to love me like a parent should