Getting closer and closer each day.The more I think about it the more sense it makes. The more useless, hopeless, lost I feel. Theres no point anymore, the only thing that I want, the only thing that will make me happy will never happen, there is nothing but more pain in my future. Even if I push through it and convince myself it's not that bad, the best case scenario is I go on auto pilot and I'm just numb for the rest of my life, but what's most likely going to happen is constant pain. So why bother, I fucked everything up beyond repair, everyone will either move on without me or already has. Nobody needs me, sure they think they do now but they'll be fine without me, sure theyll miss me and hurt for a little bit but once I'm gone theyll get used to it, they won't think about me for too long. I'm easily replaceable. Theres nothing else I can do to fix the damage I've caused, so that's it, I lost, too little too late, my own actions caught up with me because I was too stupid to see how I was hurting people, I deserve this for what I've done, I deserve to die because living isn't doing anyone any favors. I don't contribute anymore, no one thinks about me, no one cares that much, I know they care somewhat but it's more pity than anything, its not the true care that I need. When I'm gone theyll see they were better off without me. Everybody feels bad for the sad person and tells them nice things when they're sad because no one has the balls enough to tell them the truth; "you're right, life would be  better for everyone else if you were gone" nobody says that because they don't want to be the one responsible for the death that will come shortly after. I dont know when I'm going to do it, idk what I'm waiting for like circumstances are going to be any different if I wait, but something is telling me to wait a little longer then just do it, maybe I'm trying to savor a couple things first so my final memories are decent before lights out. I know I'm a coward, but I'm already a failure so who cares if I add that too. Getting closer each day, soon I'll be coming home.