I don’t know what to title this. I think it’s basically my life and why I want to die.I’m not sure what the purpose of this sub is, I just found it, but I hope this is the correct place to post this.

I don’t really have anyone to talk to, but I feel the  need to get this out. I’m not sure what I’m getting out, though. I’ll probably delete this at some point. 

I really want to die. I don’t really feel much anymore and I don’t know why. 

I tried to ask my mother for help, but I was told that depression does not exist for people as young as myself. I was called an attention whore and basically got ignored.

When asking my family didn’t work, I tried asking a friend at school. She was basically pissed and told me that I didn’t really hate myself and that I just told her for attention. Her evidence for this was the fact that I am apparently more successful than her.

I’m sharing this here in the hope that someone with understand, so please don’t reiterate what others have told me about my life. I know that I am better off than others, I am just trying to deal with emotions that I don’t understand.

I’m a straight A student. I started college over the summer when I was 15. I was president of my school honors club and future business leaders club. I’ve won awards at business competitions. I’ve been told that I am pretty. 

I still have never really been happy, as far as I can remember. I was born to two methheads, which resulted in some reoccurring medical issues. I was adopted by two good people, but when my father died my mother became an alcoholic. She did hit me, but I don’t think it was enough to count as abuse. I attempted suicide at 13. A friend of mine found out and made me promise not to try again until I turned 18, because he thought that he could change my mind before then. Social services took him from his house a year later and I never saw him again. 
I kept to that promise, though.

Currently, I don’t have any friends. I had the friend that I recently told my problems to, but I decided to cut her off because she was making things worse. She made me feel bad about my feelings and thoughts. She also told me that people only talk to me because I’m pretty and I help them with homework/class work. 

I am also beginning to hate my family. They don’t take my issues seriously and they make me worry constantly about their health because they are either drinking themselves to death or overworking themselves. My stepdad works 24/7 to help him forget that my mother is out getting drunk. My mother no-longer hits me, but tells me that if she wanted to, she could hit me and I couldn’t hit her back because if I did my siblings would hate me. My family also values opinions by age. Therefore, even if my sister is strung out on drugs, her opinion matters more than mine and if I disagree with her or openly dislike her or something she says, I’m in the wrong. My mother has also began speaking badly about me since she found out that I was both atheist and into girls.

Even though I’ve accomplished a lot, I don’t feel like I’ve done anything at all. I don’t have anyone to stick around for. While I do have a successful future because of my grades, I don’t have anything that I’m really passionate about that would make good money or use my academic talents. 

I’m not 18, but I don’t feel like waiting, anymore.
All I do in my free time is sit around and think of ways to off myself. 

My only problem is that I see life as a gift. It is unlikely that any of us exist in the first place, so I feel like it’d be a shame to throw it away. At the same time, I feel like all I do with this gift is feel bad about having it. So, why not throw a useless gift out?

Am I just a dumb 16 year old? Will these thoughts go away with age? 

I’m sorry if you actually read all of this. I’m not sure what my goal was here.