Bf wants to kill himself, can I help him[TL,DR: I don't know if there is any form for him to believe that he is worth it and that he could have a great life, because for him it could be as great as bad. Why can't he see or be excited about being able to work in something he enjoys? Or to see that his life could be filled with more experiences that would worth it?

I think he is the love of my life and I am going to lose him.

 I
 I think I am already crying his death when he is still here]



My boyfriend has been depressed for more than 6 months from now, and with medication since beggining of the year.

At first, he said he didn't want to continue with his life, because he didn't like himself, and he didn't want to try to change because it would be like killing his personality to grow one new, which would be like another person.

He also struggled with not finding an occupation or a field to be able to live with its incomes.

Now, he says he had some hope those days, but that it has vanished. He is, objectively, a really intelligent person, who knows how take advantage of it. But he would like to work in a creative work field, as game developer mainly (other hobbies were music, magic, manualities...). He is studying physics and he is great, although because of this, he is "late" in his course, and he doesn't like it anymore. He is a really good teacher also.

He just doesn't want to spend the rest of his life programming for an enterprise because he wouldn't enjoy it and working in that would represent half of the life awake (8h awake, 8 free, 8 sleeping). And he doesn't see another outcome. He wouldn't like to study another career, to struggle with life, just to end like that.

He tells me he sees life through a distance, so he can judge his life and where it goes objectively (which I don't agree and I don't know if it is because of the pills for his depression) and that he has no emotions for anything right now (not even for me). That it has been the first time he has been able to judge his life, and that he just don't want to continue.

He doesn't see that life could turn right and happy for him because according to him, it could also turn boring, sad... And I don't know what to tell him.

I have a really hard time accepting his decision, which right now seems terminal, although he wants to wait until I have re-build my life, and when his lost wouldn't make me suffer.

I can't avoid thinking about all this times he told me to go party outside, and I didn't because I didn't see any opportunity to go out with friends (my friends are kind of weird in going out with bfs), but he just meant the 2 of us... And I can't keep thinking about all the memories and the good times we would have had, just because of my misunderstandings, plus other situations in which I could have help him to value himself more, but I was too blind or too apathetic before to make a bigger change in him... And I can't stop thinking that I could have help him more, that maybe this views of life he has now, wouldn't be that extreme...

I can't keep thinking that if I had made him value himself, his work, his capabilities more, maybe he wouldn't see his future so dark.

He thinks his life is like a sudoku book, that it has nothing else to offer him, not exciting experiences, not a great job, just a boring common life.

I don't understand why before he said he didn't had hope but now he says that at least before he had. I don't understand why he isn't capable of valuing himself, that he would be capable of many things and that it probably would worth it, that if in the video game industry he hasn't has a place he has other options.

I don't understand why he doesn't see the effort he would have to make as unnecesary, that he already judges that his life won't turn valuable or great, why he denies making this effort to at least try it.

I don't know what can I do for him, I guess I can't do anything. Bit I just can't imagine a life in which I can't see his face ir talk to him anymore.

I don't know if there is any form for him to believe that he is worth it and that he could have a great life, because for him it could be as great as bad. Why can't he see or be excited about being able to work in something he enjoys? Or to see that his life could be filled with more experiences that would worth it?

I think he is the love of my life and I am going to lose him. All the memories that could have been, I think I will go crazy and unable to function as a person. I have so much rage and sadness when I think about it. I guess I am writing this to see if anyone can help, or if someone has gone through something similar... Sometimes I think that if I kill myself first I won't have to live with that pain, but I don't want to die, and I don't want to go through that pain either... I just want to not have been born. I don't know.

 I think I am already crying his death when he is still here, and I don't think he is going to do anything now, because I would still suffer a lot, and because exams are at weeks from now. But if he sees I will never get over it, I think he would do it at some point, even if that included me suffering...