Why shouldn’t I off myself?Why shouldn’t I?

That’s the question I’ve been pondering the last few days, and honestly, I really don’t see a reason why not.

Do I think people around me would be better off if I died? No, I’d absolutely leave a lot of pain behind.

My reasons are simply because of my own suffering, the literal Hell that is my life.

I’ve reached out for help, I’ve done therapy, I’m on meds.

Simply put, I’m 31yrs old and really should’ve offed myself a couple years ago.

I suffer from severe depression, anxiety, and constant dissociative derealization episodes on a constant basis.

I live by myself. I have no friends, and haven’t for about 10yrs, and have never been in a serious relationship.

I’m unloveable (in a romantic sense), I’m broken, and I’m pretty positive at this point I can’t be fixed. I’ve really really tried.

I don’t have the energy, literally physically do not have the energy at this point in my life to go out and meet people or try and form friendships. I really wish I did, honestly, but it just puts me into a dissociative state that physically drains me.

I’m the emotional sponge for a lot of people. I’m known as the ‘at work therapist’ (their words) for a lot of my coworkers at my job.

I’ve been the emotional sponge for a lot of people in my life. That’s what my relationships are usually like, people using me cause I’m empathetic and good at listening, and honestly I don’t want to do that anymore. I mostly don’t seek friends cause I don’t have the energy to be that kinda friend full time. 

Again, I wish I did, but when no one really listens to your own shit, or dismisses it, you tend to start putting up walls.

Paying to see a therapist once a week doesn’t really help.

I have nothing to live for, and besides the emotional pain I’ve lived through on a daily basis, it’s started manifesting physically where trudging through is getting really really tiring.

All I ever hear is “it gets better!”

When? Where? How does it fucking get better when my entire adult life has been nothing but bullshit after bullshit.

Climbing a mountain when you think you’ve reached the peak, but once up you see a whole other fucking hill to climb.

I actually really like who I am as a person, but rejection after rejection, and being so fucking broken inside to the point that it’s impossible for me to have one fucking normal human relationship, has left me beyond loneliness. I was lonely years ago, I’ve transcended that at this point.

I’m in a pit much deeper than just mere ‘loneliness’

I’m fucking done. I’m too weird, or too damaged, or too something to ever have any level of a healthy normal life.

I’ve been told by some people that I’m one of the funniest people they’ve met. I play music and have been told I’m super talented. I’ve been told I have a great personality, though kinda weird. I’ve been told I’m empathetic and understanding. I’ve been told too many fucking times that I’m a “great guy!”

You know what being a great guy gets you?

Adult virginity, social isolation, and fantasies about hanging myself.

This world was really not meant for me.

I’m through. I just need to get my affairs in order. I really don’t see any reason why I should keep going.

It’s a selfish fucking decision that’s going to piss a lot of people off, but I really don’t want to keep on going just not to hurt others. That’s about the dumbest reason to keep on going for and it’s the only reason not do it.