Getting things out of my brain...I’m not looking for sympathy or help. I’m just trying to get all these thoughts out of my brain so maybe they won’t repeat all day. I’m over 30 years old, and live with clinical depression. I’ve been diagnosed as bipolar, and cyclothymic. I’ve been actively depressed for about 2 years, with very brief periods (usually hours, sometimes up to a couple days) of normal or manic functioning. I know my triggers (failure, embarrassment, rejection, hunger, sleep) and try to avoid them. Last year, I went back to school to try for my bachelors degree. Yesterday, I spent the morning in a very rare light spot of no depression. It was nice. Last night, I had a bad stomachache (I’ve been down with the flu) and felt like my wife didn’t care. She spent the evening talking about work and looking at her phone. I tried to steer the conversation to different topics, but got no results. This began a spiral. I woke up in a continued depression, tired of living around work and phones, and was subdued. After pressing what was bothering me, we got into an argument. Any time I bring up issues, my wife gets defensive. I felt this was no different. I said as much. I got clipped answers in return. She left to meet a friend for coffee, and I’m here wishing I was dead. I want to drive into a tree or blow my brains out. This is not a new feeling, but that doesn’t make it easier. I feel it would be better for everyone if I was gone. Most of all, I keep telling myself that I’m worthless, I’m nothing, and I’ll never be anything. I should just give up because I’ll always be the trash I was born to be. That there’s no point in having dreams or goals because I deserve nothing and I’ll die alone. That I deserve to die alone. That eventually she’ll get sick of my shit and leave. That I’m a burden. That nobody wants me, and nobody will ever love me for who I am. I truly wish I would just die, and I’ve felt that way for a long time. When I’ve told my wife I feel this way in the past, she gets mad. She says it’s bullshit. I don’t feel that I can open up to her. I feel like our marriage is just a fancy cohabitation situation. I don’t feel love for anything anymore, but I don’t know if that’s from the depression or not. I want and need to get medication, but I suffer from severe social anxiety. Calling to make an appointment is pure hell to me. Last year, I finally got the nerve to call one doctor, and was told they weren’t accepting new patients. I haven’t gotten the nerve to call since. I feel empty and also full of pain. I feel alone. And I feel broken. Thanks for anyone who read to here. I know it’s a lot. 