There’s no good that comes from livingPeople say that life sucks, that’s not just the problem, nobody is doing anything about it, and I can’t do anything about it either. I’m so sick and tired of taking this shit, it’s ridiculous. My mother is a fucking cunt, she doesn’t know how to raise a child, and she’s never seen me as a person to begin with and that only furthers the problem, she needs to acknowledge that she is a cunt and needs to stop what she is doing and take on an actual motherly approach. Your children are starving, cook something, not this animal feed you call food, real food. God European white people have it so much better. I’ll tell you right now Arabic culture has some of the worst food you’ll ever see, it’s all sour, or dry, or painfully sweet, that culture shouldn’t have existed to begin with, more importantly I shouldn’t have been born into it. Sometimes I wish they would just hurry up and kill each other so I don’t have to see them. My father is lazy, and his time with us is almost up, he refuses to do anything productive, and suddenly I’m pressured to go to school and work more hours and pay monthly fees, I’m still a kid, I can’t handle this, nobody will hire me, I don’t want to work the shit jobs, they’re humiliating and not for people pursuing an education, but America doesn’t care, all the good jobs are taken mostly by people who have connections and don’t respect the position they’re in. I have no one, no friends, no assets, nothing, I’m all alone in this world, and that’s not going to change. So it’s about time I killed myself and stopped the problem already, don’t tell me to think of my family, I hope those fucks suffer for what they do, they don’t deserve to cry for me, they were the problem and they refuse to acknowledge it. I always dream of a girlfriend who would talk to me and care about me and take me away to a happy place, but all women are cunts, just look at my mom. Just look at every girl I’ve asked out, they’re all terrible people who shouldn’t have existed with me. If these people aren’t going to get out of my life to make room for the better people and things, then I have to get out of theirs before I hurt someone.