I (M18) fell in love during my year abroad with a girl (F17) from CaliforniaHello,

I am 18 yo guy from Slovakia and I am currently an exchange student in California, USA around 9000 km from my hometown.

The exchange program is for 1 school year and that means that i will have to leave in around 5 months (June).

I met one girl in our school and at first I thought she is just one if the thousands of new people i met here. I didnt even find her attractive. But then I found out that she plays volleyball and since I play volleyball too we became friends.

Then we had homecoming at our school and until the last day i thought i am gonna go there alone, but then she texted me asking if I have a partner and I said no. She didnt have a partner either so I invited her. We first danced together, then she danced on me, then we kissed and then we made out in her car.

After that day it was obvious that we both wanted more so for like 3 days in a row she would come pick me up , we would park somewhere at night , put down her backseat and just make out for hours. We started dating and i fell in love instantly. I think I told her that i love her after like a week of dating and i really did love her. That scared her a little and she tried to keep distance from the relationship for like a month, but i was so much in love i did everything for her and she fell in love too.

I realized tho that if I dont wanna cry at the airport at the end if this year i have to do something so I applied to colleges in US for the next academic year. I had to graduate with high school eqvivalency test and put like 5x more effort into it than a normal applicant but i always had in my mind that i am doing it for us and that kept me going. There is a really small chance that i will go to college next year here because i wasnt ready for applying yet but I always hoped for some miracle.

But she decided to go for an exchange year too the next year and now its confirmed that she is going to Bolivia for a year. I always hoped that with time, we would fall in love more and have the sane vision for our relationship. What i see is that i will either get accepted to college now or ill apply next year while she is in bolivia and we will get back at the same time. I either wanted to try long distance relationship or taking a break.

We have been together for more than 3 months. Yesterday we got into a serious conversation and we talked about it even tho we wanted to leave it until later during the year, and she told me that both of my options suck because we would suffer for a year and only option she sees is breaking up and hoping that after she comes back we will start over, without promising to wait for each other. And its not like she doesnt love me, we are both deep in live, too deep...

I dont know what to do if i should break up with her now to heal until i leave because i cant imagine saying goodbye, which might be forever, at the airport or like breaking up a week before i leave for summer. I would probably bite of my vein in the airplane and hope i will bleed out. We both dont know what to do so we decided to just continue like nothing is gonna happen, but soon or later something has to happen and i just want it to hurt as little as possible but i also wanna stay together because i love her so much i can imagine living with her.

Please, any advice is welcomed i have the worst depression of my life and I am starting to have stupid suicide dreams... :(

**tl;dr:** We fell in love during my year abroad program, I have to leave in 5 months and we dont know what to do.
