Please help me..is there anyone on here willing to listen?I am feeling suicidal today, for the first time in about 5 months. I will do my best to sum things up here, however it's still going to be long either way I'm afraid - had depression/anxiety/low self esteem/ptsd for a number of years. Been having DBT therapy weekly for nearly two years now. Has been incredibly helpful, more so than any other therapy I've tried, medications etc. A couple of months back a had a 'turning point' with the therapy and could really feel the impact it had had. I felt truly positive for the first time in years. Truly happy. Like I was able to conquer anything. And it wasn't fake this time (and I know what that feels like, this wasn't it). This was different. I was doing incredibly well. 

However - a couple of months ago after speaking with my therapist about it for a while, I decided to get back in contact with my absent father (since parents divorce when I was 15, now 27) via a long letter. I got short response letter back a week later. The response was fairly positive. However, the phone call we had two days later, was not and he was belittling, insulting about my epilepsy, brought up the past, was derogatory towards my mum, lied about a few things etc. Ended very badly and I ended contact with him for good. Since then I have taken about 10 steps back therapy-wise and it has been affecting every area of my life, but particularly my relationship with my boyfriend which started just before i got in contact with my dad again. Everything was great with my boyfriend before, because I actually felt good enough, I felt positive all the time and because I felt good enough I had nothing to worry about. But now..I have the same question that has come back that has haunted me for years, and even though there is a rational part of me that knows it is my dad with the problem and not me..I still end up chalking it down to me not being good enough for him, or anyone. That question is "if my dad doesn't love me, who will?". Or similar questions. "If my dad won't stick by me, what man will?". I only seem to see the negative and not the positive like my mum sticking by me, because my negative thoughts and worries are so powerful that I truly believe my mum and anyone else in my life including my boyfriend would be better off without me. I don't even think they want me in their lives. I can't tell my boyfriend any of this because I've only been with him for about 9 weeks and although he knows the dad stuff and some things from my past and he was understanding and helpful, if I tell him I'm suicidal right now that's a one way ticket to losing a boyfriend. I don't want to tell any of my 'friends', I already feel like they don't want to talk to me most of the time and when I do talk to them I feel like because we hardly speak because we live far apart etc I don't want to be that Debbie Downer every time I speak to them. I'm just pushing everyone away, when I speak to them and when I don't speak to them. 

I feel paranoid and suspicious about my boyfriend a lot. I never feel good enough but then I feel no man is good enough for me, my standards are so incredibly high because of my past with abusive relationships. I can't even explain everything in this post and now I'm just rambling. I don't know what to do. I can't stop crying. I just hate myself and I hate my brain, I'm in a constant battle with it when I get in states like this, even when I don't feel suicidal. I struggle so much with pushing negative thoughts out of my mind. They are so much easier to believe than positive ones. Will I ever feel good enough? Why is there no painless way to end everything? I can't get a break from my overthinking. I can't even speak to my therapist about it most of the time because she's not an on call therapist and I only see her weekly for 50 mins, and in the moods I've been in the past month or so, most of the time I've felt like I could talk to someone for hours :( 