Hello reddit, this is my first and probably last thread. I'd like to talk to you guys.:)I've enjoyed browsing reddit for the past few months. I learn new things everyday and I get to see a lot of fun and interesting people. I just browse though and never really posted. Reddit was one of the few things that kept me going, and I guess I'm more comfortable telling reddit this than any of my friends or family. Please let me tell you a story that I've never told anyone. 

For the past few months I've been looking for a job with no luck and if I don't find any in the next 30 days, they would kick me out. I'm 22 with no job experiences, no license, and no car. I've been living in the USA for 5 years, I was born in the Philippines but my mother married my step-dad and we moved to the US. It's not the I am unhappy here, but I've yet to be truly happy either, if I could still even remember how that really felt like.

After trying college for a couple of years and see if that changes who I am, I found it to be unsuccessful and if anything just worsened my condition to the point where sometimes when I wake up and find out that I'm still living, I tear up and be really disappointed.

I went home to my parents hoping I could change again, it got a bit better, I was able to take a couple of semesters of school again, but because of some financial issues with the college I had to stop. I haven't been in school for a several months now, and I guess my parents just had enough of me not doing anything but being locked up in my room and just being in my computer most of the time. I don't blame them.

It's not like I dislike my parents though, I love my mother, she raised me even though I'm sure she has had the same thoughts as I have back then. I don't dislike my step-dad either, I think he's a good man and he loves my mother, I guess we can't just see eye to eye, he is very traditional in terms of issues like these, just like my mum. I don't think they even believe that depression is even a real thing, so it's even harder for me to tell them or use that as a reasoning why I act the way I do.

It's not like I haven't been trying to be a decent son though. I've been searching for a job for months now, I applied in most of the locations I could walk to from my parents place, and since I have no connections to people around here I rely on internet job searches to apply. I have had no luck, but I guess my step-dad believes it's just my lack of effort. He'll always just tell me that when he was around my age he left his parents and found a job anywhere and it was easy. I really wish it was that easy, or maybe he's right and I just don't do enough effort.

A year ago when I was still living on my own, before I decided to come home to my parents again I set a date to kill myself. After lots of thinking I decided to give it a chance to get better, so I moved back in with them and for a good amount of time it did get a bit better. Lately it hasn't been easy though and I don't think I will be able to convince myself like I did last time. I feel like even though things might get better, eventually I would feel like this again, and it gets worse as I go on longer. I'm not confident enough that I would find a job or change within 30 days, I am contemplating suicide for the 2nd time now, and I don't think I can pretend to be happy anymore. I think I've given up reddit, what do I do?

TL;DR Maybe you guys can teach me a thing or two about life, let's talk. :)