Some thoughts I've had lately.Honestly, I'm not completely psychologically healthy lately, but I know some of this is true, and I'd like you to help me think straight please because I'm having struggles with anxiety and depression. 

It's obviously not anything amazing but I want someone to understand what I think, and honestly, right now I'm not too fond of personal interaction, so I thought interacting through the internet would help me a bit.

"Someone who always speaks what he feels is someone who's feelings don't affect his thoughts, someone who always speaks what he feels is someone who's thoughts don't affect his actions, those people live alienated from foreign realities, and are therefore not affected by them, I despise them and admire them at the same time, and I wish I could be like that."

"When I'm happy, I like to be with people, when I'm sad, I like to be alone, why is it like this and why isn't it the other way around, does this mean I'm not actually happy when I think I am, and when I'm sad, I'm actually just the real me, am I actually that false? Is being false a bad thing actually, if it has a good purpose, it shouldn't be right? What defines the goodness of my actions? Other people's integrity, or mine? Is one side more important than the other? A combination of both? Do I need to stop trying to please everyone else and just be indifferent? I'm dying mentally right now because of indifference, I don't want to be like that, but I can't help it right now, I'm indifferent even towards my feelings, I think I don't know what I feel, or maybe I do, but my thoughts do not allow me to speak up because they don't agree with my feelings."

"I feel like I'm indifferent to everyone else, I feel that no one takes me seriously, I feel like no one makes any effort on trying to know me? When I meet someone I'm usually excited to learn what I can from them, I love learning, does no one else share my mindset? Does this make me mentally lonely? Am I giving other people too much value? Or am I really just not interesting at all? I'd like to see someone, anyone, not necessarily someone I'm attracted to, making an effort to learn more about me and learn more from me, I'd like to be able to speak about myself and my mind, but not because I want to say it, but because someone wants to hear it, I feel like no, but then my true feelings show and I'm suddenly too important for everyone, but I don't see sincerity in their faces or maybe I don't want to see it, they ask me while smiling like I'm some sort of joke or whatever they think, they try to make me laugh, like if I was in a mood for laughing, they see my feelings and they don't treat me accordingly to them, do they just not know? Or are they scared? Truly scared that I'm actually feeling what they think I am?"

I'm just looking for answers, or at least looking to know how I can find them.

I'm actually not suicidal but I'm feeling really bad and I wouldn't like to end up feeling worse. 