I lost my mindHi!

Well, I don't even know why I really write this down here, or anything else, but I guess, I just need someone to read this all, or whatever. This is also gonna be long, so excuse me for this all, I know it just have too many things in it, I just want to write this all down. Also I'm sorry if the whole story feels confusing, I just try to write down all the thing I feel right now, but it's kinda hard. 

It all started well, I have no idea actually when did it all started. I'm always thinking about how to kill myself, or others in fact. Even I already tried to kill myself so many times, I never hurt anyone else, well, only with words. 

At the start I was a pretty cheerful kid, I guess. I grow up in a loving family, with friends, and had everything. I guess, even if I'm not really sure about it, but I think it all started when my big brother tried to kill himself. He cut his veins, and I saw it all. My parents stopped him in time, he survived, but he made a big wound in me. After that he tried to kill himself several times. He stopped after 2 years of doing this, but I could never forget about all these. 

After that I decided to try to save people who are depressed too. I was around 13 years old when this all happened. I tried to save people all around the world, because I really thought it's a good thing. While I do think it wasn't bad, it all changed me. 
After my brother almost died, my parents kept telling me they hope I'm not gonna end up just like my brother. I kept saying it's alright, and I'm not depressed, but I knew something changed me and I began to feel almost the same as my brother. 

I slowly felt like something is breaking deep inside of me. I didn't really think about it, tried to forget it for some time, or whatever. After some time I realised I'm already deep inside of this and I just don't know how to get out. 

I have hallucinations, I always did since I can remember, even tho I never really thought it's a big thing. It's pretty rare, and I already got used to it. When i was smaller my parents kept saying they are only dreams. It was kinda gone for some time, but nowadays they are back. When I told my parents they only said "don't be like your brother. He said he saw things too." and then they acted like I didn't say anything. 

The reason why I never told my parents about my depression was only because I was scared they gonna think it's the same as my brother's depression. They gonna say the same thing as they always did, and I just don't want that.

Well back to some old things, some time ago I began to fake feelings too. Feelings that I'm happy, or even faking love, just to feel alive at some point. I had a boyfriend, but I never was in love with him, but after a while I just began to believe in it, that I love him, while deep inside of me I always knew I'm not. After all, it happened because he told me he is gonna kill himself, I tried to save him by saying I love him. At this part I didn't even felt bad about this lie. I just kept faking it all, until the very end. When we broke up I didn't even felt bad. I just felt lonely. Just like I always did. 

Well, and about my life itself, or more like about my future, I'm 17 years old right now, gonna be 18 in the next month. I'm in the last year of High School. And I really think I don't have future. I have no idea what to do with myself after High School. I don't have any plans, I don't want to do anything at all. I'm actually not even good at anything.  I don't think I can do anything with my life at this point.

I feel so empty. I feel like I don't have any emotions at all anymore. I have no idea what to do. My days nowadays are only about sleeping and watching anime. I keep ignoring my friends, my own family at this point. I don't even remember the last time when I went outside, it was probably before summer break started. Not like I went to school too much either before that. 

I have no idea how to write down this feeling really. I'm unable to love, I'm unable to feel happiness, I can't feel anything, only this weird pain in my chest, what keeps hurting more and more with every new day. I want to restart it. I want to start it over from the beggining, while hoping that my next life is gonna be better. I don't even know why I'm still alive. 

I was always hoping for someone who can save me. Who can just put all the broken pieces together, who can give me a future or anything. But I guess I always hoped so much. I had big dreams back then, I remember. Now they all faded into nothing, and I'm just here without any hope, and probably without future. 

I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel like I should die, but I don't want to just leave my family here. I would feel sorry for them if I would die. 