I want to be a girl so fucking badly [Warning: Rambling/Cussing]Background: 16 year old guy in high school, socially awkward, and being on the autism spectrum with OCD and Tourette's to boot doesn't help. I know that seems like a mouthful and it looks like one of those self-diagnosing Tumblr teens but I promise, this is legitimate.

I don't mean to take away from trans issues, I just really want to be a girl. They always seem to get the better treatment in life, mostly when it comes to court cases and sentences (just an example, recently an 18yo woman received no prison time for raping a man at knifepoint with video evidence.) That's not what what makes me upset the most, despite it being the most serious issue. 

Warning, this may sound a little misogynistic but that is not my intent, I have nothing against women as a whole, there are a fair share of asshole men in my life. Continuing...

I've recently dreamed about becoming a Twitch streamer or Youtuber, and since my parents think it's a waste of time and I'll get addicted and fall behind on schoolwork blablabla (despite straight A-B report cards) I can't do that shit either way, but I see girls with a lot more viewers, and it kills me because just because they have a cute voice and/or a pair of tits and boom, so much easier to get viewers. 

Also their mentality, at least in my school where I live in a rich preppy Jewish town in southern New York where half the girls are fucking hoes who post half naked Instagram pics every other day - their mentality, they shun anyone of the opposite sex, even those who just want to be friends, if they don't look good enough for them, apparently I'm a "pervert" to them. They change boyfriends more often than they change panties, but apparently I'm not even worthy of being a friend to them. I could comment something along the lines of "Aww cute" on a picture of their fucking dog and they still assume I'm flirting or perving or whatever, just because I'm a guy and lost the genetic lottery and look ugly or some shit. Not to mention their pictures get upwards of 1000 likes, 500 at the very least, within the first hour or some shit, most I've ever gotten is 24. I'm not that concerned about popularity and shit but when attention-hungry teenage girls are constantly on your feed and getting showered with dozens of compliments from fellow thots, it feels bad. And their actual treatment in school in real life, usually they just give me the silent treatment even if I approach them, even for important shit such as group projects.

And don't even get me started about actual relationships. For a man to have any chance at getting a good girl, they have to be outgoing, attractive, tall, have a big dick (in some cases), buff, and so many other qualities, what does a woman have to do? Not be fat. Now don't get me wrong, this may differ in other areas but that's the case where I live. Despite a sizable portion of the girls at my school being complete assholes and/or thots, there are some who are just really good people and really adorable as well, but I'm too much of a pussy to ever make a move, not for fear of rejection but because the girl who rejects me would think of me as weird or something and possibly tell all her friends, and I'd fall into the same trap... I do have a few (VERY few) platonic female friends and they are the greatest people ever, they really give me hope and happiness, but I fear that they may think I'm trying to perv on them or whatever. I'm currently in a long distance relationship with a girl who is sweet and caring, she's in fucking Japan however, a 14+ hour flight and that's not counting costs, parental approval and the language barrier. On top of that, someBODY somehow found out about it, and now guys at my school are making fun of me for it, calling me a weeaboo and shit, despite having nothing to do with my personal life.

Next topic: SJWs, you know those people on Tumblr are now popping up in real life, the ones who say shit like "men/cis/heterosexuals/whites/etc should die or whatever" and then claim I can't be discriminated against or to "accept it" because I'm a majority so apparently I have everything handed to me on a silver platter right? I can't avoid it even in real life, and it just makes me feel worse about myself as if I didn't feel bad enough already, and when I try to speak up against it I'm continuously shut down by these SJW freaks.

Transitioning is crazy expensive and is something that even if I had the money, I wouldn't be 100% sure nor would I want to take away from people suffering from dysphoria, and I would never be a "real" girl, like with a fully functioning uterus and reproductive system or be able to orgasm like a female does. So I've recently considered killing myself in the hopes that reincarnation is real and I'll be a girl in my next life. 

I've felt suicidal tendencies in the past, I tried suffocating myself once in the past, and used to cut before my parents threatened to send me to a mental institution, which is funny because when I just resort to crying it out, she told me, in these exact words to "shut up" or else she would "fucking throttle me". I still consider cutting and blaming it on scratches from my cat, but one of my aforementioned female friends from outside of school suffers from depression and is recovering, and I promised her I wouldn't self harm, so I'm not going to do it, but sometimes I still feel like dropping to the floor and crying. I'm extremely afraid of what happens after death, something I didn't consider the time I tried suffocating myself, but sometimes I wonder whether or not that's a good thing since it makes me think before trying anything. 

I'm sorry if this was all over the place. I needed to get it off my chest. I know the title was misleading because I started to ramble, it was more about how I can't get a girlfriend either. I didn't expect to be this long, so if you read this far, thank you, I really do appreciate it. 
