I feel so lost and want to rip my heart out of my bodyIf someone wants to read a long and depressing text, go ahead.
Please bear with my mediocre English, it's not my native language...

On November 1st I'll be 24 years old, I never was a child of true happiness. Some people told me I'd be insanely intelligent so I was sent to school early, at age 5. My parents were immigrants and probably under-achievers so they were thrilled that their first-born son might be a genius.

But that's only where the problems began for me.
I didn't make any friends in most of my school tme. When I entered first grade (year 2000), I was immediately promoted to second grade due to my status as a genius. So I was in second grade as a 5 year old child from a completely different culture, while my classmates were 7+ years old. Instead of making friends, I got bullied almost every day (talking shit to me, hurting me physically, throwing my lunch into the dirt...), even when I left primary to school to go to "Gymnasium" (I don't know what's the pendant for that in the US). Since nobody from my primary school followed me to my new school, I thought I could start from scratch with everyone.

Of course not. It felt like they knew everything I went through and just continued with it. It was easy for me to get hurt emotionally and everyone capitalized on that. To make it ridiculous, I was the one being called guilty since I started to defend myself with all the means I had. I was punished for defending my human dignity.
I never got to know the reason for all the bullying...straight from first to tenth grade, when I started to make actual friends in school...my parents of course told me it was because I was to smart, teachers' opinion was because I was so young compared to the others. I mean, I cruised through "Gymnasium" in a breeze and never had to study like my classmates, but every day at home I prayed for an opportunity to trade my big brain for being accepted...
My two final years in school (11th and 12th) were fine. Even the apparently cool people seemed to stop their hatred against me. Some people acted like I didn't exist, however I'd have taken that in the 10 years before.

To complete my scholar carrier, I hugely struggled at university. I joined my few school friends at a highly renowned university to study Physics, which I simply loved at school. Turns out it was completely different from Physics in school. I scraped most of my exams (with the worst possible marks to pass) in the first semesters and needed to retake some exams. Unfortunately my time at university collided with some other major issues in my life.

Probably the other major issue is my relationship with my parents, especially my father. I can tell you without regrets that he never felt like a true father to me. He wasn't there for me in many situations I needed him, he made fun of me when I was actually breaking down and the worst thing of all, he abused us all and especially my mother, physically and mentally. If I had to guess, he's one of the worst narcissts I've seen in my life until now. He never admitted any mistake in his life and always looked for scapegoats to blame. My mom never took action against him, against my recommendation. She always believed in his good side which she fell in love with, over 30 years ago. Ultimately they had so intense fights (my father actually accused her of cheating on him, which is an insane lie to distract from his own undoings) that my father decided to promptly leave our flat one week ago. He just left us here with a shitload of problems to solve, which he is obliged to solve since he has a wife and two children who both haven't completed their education yet.
To link this with my problems at university, I got my first (and only until now) girlfriend in 2011, when I started studying. It was such a great feeling to have someone who actually listened to me anytime, although she had her own fair shares of problems. Never had that in my life...sadly I didn't think about my parents there. They went crazy when they found out - I actually tried to keep it a secret since I expected their reaction - and tried everything to sabotage my relationship. They locked me inside the house when I tried to visit her, they screamed at me that I should break up with her, my father even spoke a death threat on her answering machine. I really loved her with all of my heart or what remained from it after years of getting abused and depression...and my parents, the people who created me, tried everything to keep her away from me. That was a phase in my life which caused me to never look at my parents with the insane respect I usually did.

Ultimately, at the end of 2012, my relationship with my first girlfriend slowly dissolved. Nobody even said "I'm breaking up with you"...I couldn't be there for her when she needed it. Partly because of my parents, partly because I was a coward. When she told me that someone dosed her in 2013 to take advantage of her and she didn't even tell me who it was (I'm 100% sure I know him - but I still don't know the name, it still haunts me), I had a complete breakdown. Nobody to talk to, just crying in my bed, lonely. I further neglected my duties at university which I tried to cover by playing a children's card game and staying awake until 2 or 3 AM to make me feel numb. Actually that's what I do until today. I am so tired every day that the tiredness suppresses most of my negative feelings. My mind is so clouded sometimes...only the most depressing things come through during the day. If I had a clear mind without the feeling of being tired, I would probably go insane from all the memories and incidents, from past and present.
Not sleeping remotely enough is actually dangerous for me since I need to travel by car to my (second) university. Even today I felt my eyes closing too often on the motorway. I'm legitmately scared on one hand. On the other hand although, I wouldn't mind just falling asleep and then crashing into a wall, never to wake up again...

So I failed my first try at university after four years because I couldn't pass all the exams I had to retake after neglecting my studies for almost two years. I know it was my fault to crash out. Luckily I could keep me busy with my online business (turned out that playing a children's card game made me a seller for that card game which gives some cash) until the next semester started. Of course life had another pleasant surprise for me. I applied for another university to fulfill my dream of becoming a teacher in Physics and Maths, which would also come in handy for me since I could transfer some of my old marks to my new studies. However I got rejected by the second university. I broke down and started to cry a lot, locked up in my bathroom. My mom asked me what was up, but what should I have told her? That my life is a steaming hot pile of garbage? The only person I've ever felt comfortable talking to was gone from my life, also because of my mom. 

At least I found another university where I could finish my studies and will be getting my first Bachelor's degree in a couple of months. It doesn't make me really happy, but I'm relieved I got my shit together there and I won't end up being homeless. 

But my mental state is worsening each day. I can't talk to anyone about anything. My mom is breaking down due to 15 years of abuse from my father. I need to be there for her, every day. So many times I had to comfort her when she cried for hours, telling her that everything is going to be fine and it's for the best that my father left us, even though the circumstances could be much better.
But I don't believe what I'm saying. I want to end my suffering, I don't want to feel anything anymore. I wish I could trade my soul or heart or whatever contains my feeling for anything else, for money. I'd rather be an emotionless working husk instead of what I've been for the first 24 years of my life.
However my mom would probably go insane if I told her that. She always wonders if she educated us well enough since my father didn't bother to help her with education. If she gets to know about my issues, she will never recover from that. It would be the ultimate proof for her that she failed. 

To conclude my useless long post, I fell in love again. With every day passing, I start to believe more and more that I'll never be with her. 
After my "break-up" I couldn't develop romantic feelings for a long time. Sure I had girls/women who really attracted me, but it wasn't the same as back then...well until this year.
To distract me as much as possible, I started multiplayer online gaming in 2016, especially Overwatch. I randomly met someone in the beginning of 2017 whom I instantly felt connected to. She felt the same. We could talk all day and all night without an end, it wouldn't get boring. We both felt we could be completely honest to each other. She definitely developed a crush on me...but I know I couldn't offer her anything. I had a broken family, I had low income from my online business and I didn't have my university degree. I tried to keep some emotional distance. I simply didn't want to hurt someone like I already did...
You can imagine what happened. I fell in love too. It was only through online contact, we never met in person...she's actually living 700 km away from me. 
She told me that she was depressed. I know I can't help much. We still talk every day...however her crush for me is probably suppressed by her depressions. She told me I'm the only person she really knows well. She cares about me even though she can't show. I confessed my love three months ago and wrote her a really detailed letter over a month ago...she told me she would definitely answer with her true feelings in the letter. I don't know whether I'll receive anything and if yes, when it will be.
Also she has a lot of fans and is a great artist. I can't tell if it's masquerade or not that she seems to have fun with them...she's like a different person when interacting with her fans or the guys she's working for as an artist. She's pretty obsessive about meeting the guys she's working for (they're content creators on twitch/youtube), I always feel like being second choice to all the people who admire her. No matter how often she tells me that I'm her "right hand" or I'm the only person she feels comfortable with...

I don't even want her to confess her love for me. I just want to be free from these insecurities. I'd probably die even more in the inside if she tells me "I don't love you" or "I love someone else", but at least I could try to move on. Or finally have the guts to end it all.

Regarding that...I'm scared I wouldn't be able to do it. I actually was close to (unintentionally) dying in many situations, I'll give you some examples:
a) I had to cross a street to catch my bus, but the lights for pedestrians were red. I told myself I needed to get that bus no matter what it takes. I crossed the street and was probably 0.1 seconds away from getting hit by a car which I didn't see coming since part of the street was hidden behind a waiting bus.
b) motorway #1 - I drove home from university (by car) and almost reached my exit for my hometown. I know that there are lots of traffic jams around my hometown but simply forget about it and get distracted by my phone. In the last moment I notice that I'm driving straight at standing cars with roughly 70 mph (110 km/h) and barely change the lane to get enough time for slowing my car down.
c) motorway #2 - I bought a factory new car in September 2017 and loved it. this time, I was driving to university when suddenly another driver on the left lane tells me that something is wrong with my back left tire. In the same moment, my car tells me that pressure in my tires is declining. I slowly brake when suddenly my back left tire explodes while I'm driving roughly 80 mph (130 km/h) on a fully crowded motorway. 
even more examples...but that's enough for now.
Why didn't I die in any of these situations? To keep me suffering? Or do I really have to plan a suicide to make it happen?