My experience in the hospital is what keeps me from doing it.First time poster, but I’ve been depressed since about freshman year of high school. Suicidal since senior year started. I’m 18(M) now and just graduated in May. 

I’ve lived with my mom and her shitty bf since high school started. Her boyfriend was a mentally abusive alcoholic and has cheated on her at least 6 times. Maybe more because he sends d*ck pics to girls out of the country. He’d never do anything to me, so any hate he had for me was directed at my mom, who for whatever reason still loved him, even to this day. The day I turned 16, he wanted to charge me rent. He’d try to make my mom make me pay it even though I had no job. I couldn’t move in with my dad because he’s got a horrible heroin addiction. Her bf dropped it and it was never brought up until January 2019.

By then, he and my mom finally broke up and I needed to pick up whatever bills he left behind. The suicidal thoughts hit harder since I now had pressure on me to get a better paying job.

After a while, my mom began speaking to him again and forgave him for the 6th time because “he loves her”. She’s whined to everyone in the family about how horrible he is. Then she goes chasing him again? She only says he’s her friend but she’s kicked me out of the house I pay rent in, just to spend the night with him.

I began to smoke marijuana to ease the pain, but it only made it worse. Then my mom took $300 from my car savings and it pushed me over the edge. I attempted to hang myself in March, but I was too fat and broke my belt. I called the hotline, and cried for an hour. They called the police and they showed up to my house. 

I was treated like a criminal. I was put in cuffs and they took my house keys, my phone, and my wallet. At the hospital, i was given clothes to change into as well as all my things. I had to put everything into a bag along with my clothes. 

When I got my new clothes, they gave me an XL shirt, XL pants and XL underwear. I wear 4XL. The clothes ripped apart at the seams and I looked like fat hulk. I was then told they had nothing bigger and that I couldn’t have a gown because the drawstrings could be used to choke myself. I felt humiliated walking though the hospital to my small room. There all I could do was lay in bed and watch TV. No blankets or pillows. After 5 hours, they came in to talk to me. I had to lie and say I just got mad and I’m not interested in hurting myself. I was discharged and I Uber’d home. 

I still struggle, but memories of the hospital are what keeps me from attempting.