I keep getting told....Get your snacks... This is what I am currently listening to... https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDBvpJ69-5L2QqK9sb7Eona_VWN6a2JG4 

 This may be long, poorly written and dark. I am someone who more or less fantasizes about my own death. Death is not anything I fear at this point in my life. Being alive is scarier than any death I can imagine(don't even try to scare me or tell me I don't know because I do know many types of death and have seen pretty much anything thats been out there death wise). Being alive isn't my motivation for staying here; my family is. My sweet kitties and dumbest fucking dogs in the world. i love them more than anything and not seeing them would make the currently alive me sad. 

I have plenty of time to think. no sleep for days or at least it feels like it any ways. Eating is a chore and a painful one at that. My digestive system has turned against me and no matter what i usually get a 7-9 depending on what I eat. Yes, my diet has gone from Omnivore to Pescatarian with a segway into Vegetarian/Vegan. It helps more than I can really explain in words. I still Do not eat very often if at all. Usually its once a week or once every 2 weeks is average for me. I drink juices, water and some soda. Otter pops have been my saving grace. If i eat, that is IF, Vomiting is usually close behind. 

I couldn't tell any of you why I dont end it. I COULD and have the ability and opportunity. My pain increases from my ailments over time. I have no job no car nothing really of worth or value. I had a small job as a cook for temporary job. I burned the ever living bejeesus out of my hand. I didnt really care, sure it hurt but didnt matter to me. It felt pretty good. I do not want to be here any more. I have no useful talents. 

My personality is pure dog crap. I get angry fast as hell, I could list everything out. I like to be left to my own when I work. My bosses can't seem to understand this no matter how well i do. It ends up me being fired or quitting. 

I have heard all of the stories, I know all of the motivational speeches. I cant take care of my family and I dont know any other solution. Me being gone would have just as good of a chance of my wife finding someone else that has ajob and money so we could live in our own house etc... 

If I put my true thoughts down it would most definitely red flag myself. Which I wont do, obviously I want to stay semi anon thats why i am posting here and not any where else... 
I have seen so many things. I havent lived the worst life ever. As I see it there couldnt be much worse. I am useless, not smart, certainly not attractive and none of my skill are of use to anyone for any purpose. Why cant I choose a quiet death where I just fall asleep and not wake up. that would truly be gods gift to this man. 

Ask legitimate questions if you want about my life. I will answer what I feel like. 

I tried talking to my wife and she could care less. she just yells at me and we fight. I just dont care any more about anything. I cant catch a break in a long line of terrible luck. Some people have no worries about anything. I sit here waiting to be kicked out of a friends house because I am a lazy bum that cant get work. 

No immediate danger. I have no one else to talk to BUT reddit. no friends nothing. so enjoy the playlist and ill be here most of the night if not stay up. 