Everyday is a struggle both mentally and physicallyI've been depressed over a decade, but the last 3 years I've been tortured with suicidal thoughts. It's the very first thing I think about when my alarm goes off. I fantasize about my death constantly. The hard part is the ones I will leave behind. For the most part my anxiety and depression tell me no one really cares. It's really confusing. I've been rather open with a few family members about these thoughts, but no ones really done a damn thing to help me. I get it's hard to help someone who is suicidal. I just translate it to them not loving me. One being my mother. Well, these past 4 months I've been in physical pain as well. I've seen a few doctors with no real diagnose nor any relief
I am in pain every waking moment mentally and physically. I quit one of my two jobs due to the pain. I have 80% of my suicide letters complete. I am currently working in my list of things to do before I go. I don't know how I am going to do it, but I know it is going to happen. I decided to wait until after tk holidays. One last Christmas with my family. I soak those moments up. I have 3 wonderful cats. I love them so very much. I hold them extra tight and give them more attention every day. I will miss out of so much when I'm gone but this pain is too much to handle. Doctors aren't any help. I feel so alone in my struggle. I force myself through everyday. I cry myself to sleep thinking about any damage my exit will cause. Wondering if my cats will properly cared for. How they will cope losing me. I am a very good cat dad and have extremely close bonds with my cats. I know they will miss me. It breaks my heart. I lost one of my best friends to suicide just last year. I found peace with it as he was struggling deeply. I hope my loved ones cns do the same. I wish things were different. Without this physical pain I'd surely be holding on longer. I cannot do this much longer. 😭 To all of you struggling I am so very sorry. This isn't fair.