Ready, set..... go?Made this account in a jiffy to make sure none of my friends caught on, but I'm in a bit of a pickle.

It's been about 4 days since setup. I have everything ready to go, and I could be done and away with my pathetic existence in a moment's notice. 

Unfortunately, in the wake of my mental slowness, social incapabilities, and resistance to adapt to modern society and it's interests; inspite all of that and my selfish interest, I don't want to hurt anybody. I know what I do will inevitably damage the people I've been close to. But I know that the longer I stay here the more I will prolong the current ailment.

I'm not that bright. I have a passion for math in spite of being the only senior to take precalculus, I failed my last retake of it during my first year of college, and this year, well, I'm keeping up with it. Socially I'm a mess- I don't know what to talk about or who to talk to, all I can do is spout the same lousy excuse that I'm "passionate" but I think for someone as dumb as a box of bricks the more fitting analogy would be "momentally savory", whatever that means. If anything I have more friends over 70 than under, because somehow the world they lived in must have been simpler. Without technological corruption, cross-country hypes and stereotypes, standards, what have you. I'd shut the world out and live locally if I could it's all too loud.

I'm 19 years old, still live with my parents, and the best shot I have at the future is a white collar ditch job because I'm not opportunistic or good at making connections with anyone. Ever watch Star Trek's "Tapestry"? 

I'm pretty sure the last relationship I lost fucked me up. And I fucked that one up because of my insecurities and distrust and nihilism, and to this day I still don't know where those came from or how to change them.

Every single day I have my points where I feel confident and ecstatic about my future and the next I feel devoid of energy and will. Every day is a flip flop and at this point I'm happy-go-lucky fuckity-bye because my emotions are out of my control. I really don't give a shit what happens to me, as long as the pain, the routine, and the general feelings of inadequacy stop.

But I can't help but care for the people around me. I'm worried because I feel like I'll stop caring. I always do my best to be there for people because I don't have much else to say or do and I know damn well I'd be doing a grand disservice to the people close to me if I wasn't their heat sink.

Yet at the same time, I always feel like I take more than I give. I can never compensate my parents for what they gave me growing up but I can't do anything with it because online life has skewed my standards of an "old fashioned girl" or a "Saturday afternoon" or a "good time", even. I feel so out of touch because I'm mentally behind.

Like jeez, what would my family think? What would my current relationship resume to? I'm enthusiastic and I love them all very much but I know I have nothing of material value to offer them. No life skills or standing personal wisdom. But if I cut it short, the toll I've taken from all of them won't even get the chance to grow further. No more money spent on me, no more time wasted in my domain only to see I've stayed right where I've always been, stuck in my head.

I don't even know what I'm asking for when I post this, maybe just some insight. I don't want to spend the rest of my days as that man. I'd rather die as who I am now than grow to become something much worse.