Can't think of a title. Suicide. Depression. Rant. Idk.I honestly don't know what I'm doing here. I never make the existence of my depression or suicidal tendencies known to anyone. I guess anonymous online is the only way I can get this off my chest and talk to real people.

First off, I imagine this will be long, just a warning and an apology. After typing: and a rant. Sorry.

I want to kill myself. A lot. Right now. But this post at least postpones it for a bit. Because as badly as I want to kill myself, I feel like I'm not justified in doing so. I feel like I don't have a reason to be depressed, but I am.

Now story time. If your still here, thanks I guess. So part of the reason that I've wanted to kill myself is because I have been very depressed for nearly three years now. Three times I have been at a point like this where I'm on the brink, and in the past have chosen life. Because "it will get better" or "look a year down the road, things will get better." Well, been there, done that, and life has only really gone down hill. Partly because my depression has been destroying my life.

Part of the reason I feel like I don't have any reason to be depressed is because generally speaking, I guess life is "good." I'm in high school now, my family is okay financially, I have a couple of friends, and I've always been the straight A student with initiative. I'm part of the school band, jazz band, and marching band. My family is nice I guess, my parents care to an extent, I have a job that pays, though it sucks. I'm pretty good in the computer science field which is were I want to study, and I guess I'm by definition "smart."

So why the heck do I always feel like crap? I don't have any reason to be. Idk. Maybe it's because I've never bothered to worry about my mental and emotional health. Always figured I could tough it out in the end. I over exert myself, try to do to much. Lose sleep, push myself too hard mentally, because I will technically live through it. 18-20 hours of working on something because I should be able to handle it. But I'm always depressed, I overextend. My grades suffer because I can't keep up, feeds my depression nothing is getting better.

Then there's social life. I've never been much of a social person, because I don't get the desire for social acceptance, or at least don't need it. But I've always been an introvert. I'm not the awkward nerd, just the "mean" one, because I'm sarcastic, pessimistic, and a bit cynical I guess. In realizing this a long time ago, I strived to be a nice person. Be better, put others before me. Rarely got me anywhere and got me burned more often than not. But hey, I tried. So I only have a few friends, who are still pretty distant. And though I don't crave social acceptance, being alone for years is just crushing.

And then there are some people that seem to actively try to make my life miserable. Like spreadsheet rumors for whatever reason. I don't get it. I guess f-ing up my life, making people berate me and think I'm a terrible person rather than just ignoring me like in the past. All so they get a few minutes of social attention. People are such hypocrites.

And then there's just people in general. Sorry to everyone. But so much of the human race is scum. They're rude, offensive, selfish, and prideful. Just try to be nice when talking to a stranger.

There's also the whole "no reason to exist argument." What's the point when all I'm doing is jumping hoops to make a paper look nice so when someone looks at it for 30 seconds to decide whether or not to admit me to college when they're tired and distracted by the prospect of errands after work. Then years going through college to get another paper to make me "qualified" for some job to slave away to earn enough money to live an okay life and survive, even if there are a few happy moment. Maybe have a family. But ultimately be forgotten and nothing matters. And I know it's about the journey, but the journey has been stressful hell for the past three years, with only depression as company. And I'm religious I suppose, so I guess I should have a perspective on things and whatnot.

And now I'm sitting here. Typing this, having had the last straw. It's stupid but it hurts. One of my "coping methods" is to play video games. I know it's escapism a lot of the time and I don't do it as often as most high schoolers that do play them. And I an attempt to still be that nice person, I let my siblings play my smash bros game when I wasn't around, giving them another chance to actually out stuff away when they're done and be careful. Low and behold, they didn't put the stuff away, again, and long story short the left out game disc was snapped in half by my ~~baby~~ toddler brother. Petty thing to be the last straw? sure. But only after a long, terrible, depressing day, thinking I could come home and have maybe an hour of peace before I had to get up and do the same routine and jump the same depressing hoops again.

Still reading? Sorry, it's all stupid. But I can't take it anymore and just want to die. End it all. I know it was a rant and this and that, but hey, I'll post this anyway because throw away account and waiting for responses can maybe postpone killing myself.