I'll start with the most optimistic option possible......which will be to just start a new, whatever and however the fuck.  Study Arabic, go grow marijane in Lebanon. Marry a nice christian girl. Tell her you are a refugee from the former USSR.


Alas...
Suicide is a temporal solution (the moment you die, to judge from past experience is not unpleasant and possibly quite brief. No movies of past errors - and many such exists - for a final built trip) to a permanent problem which really can be summed up with the fact that it was so hard to grows and get where I was at 23 or so. Now I'm  26 and because of the growing impairments caused by my mental illness (borderline? bipolar? dysthimia? DGAF anymore) I need once again to start building my life from scratch. With few less friends (non) and growingly frustrated living family who always remind me how much I'm far from realizing myself even in the most basic of ways like having a family.


Medically I got some great blood results, I'll see a new private psychiatrist in a week, the meds work great and yesterday? Had one of the best days ever with me MOM, without me going to my room here and there to come in some hash. Life is so much manageable on drugs. Until you realize that your entire clockwork is made of drugs. Drugs that make you sleep, drugs that awake, drugs that curb sadness and drugs that curb too much happiness. 
Drugs that you didn't get at the pharmacy, and which fucked everything in your life from money to so many loves etc etc. The absence of this knowledge in the minds of people who are closest - family - is both token of how much I don't want them to worry and the fact that they just can't handle it. Plus the minor fact that they were a part of this problem in the first place. But enough with me trying to solve this cognitive dissonance of mine. Self medication was my fault so many many many times. And so many many times I didn't want to hold on the opportunity to resist. And it's only fucking hash, liquer and adderal I talk about, no romantic Trainspotting scenarios here. I had it all. Most of it. I fucked it up. Staying another week here is no option. Tomorrow I'll wake at 6 a.m draw some stuff for my nieces which I've loved so much and now I see them grow to a bundle of nerves and ADD... they were the o my thought who got me through those past months. Well go throw a Frisbee, it will be a beautiful day tomorrow. I'll go a bit hiking in the outskirts of my city... did this last wekk thought I'll look for a tree to hand myself (decided on the last sympathic jumping option. Down she goes boys). I'll travel to the meditation center one last time, maybe Karmapa the 16th will somehow work his mojo harder on my mind and soul. 
Got my Hello Kitty writing pad, I'm gonna leave a peaceful letter. It will be apologizing mostly and farewells.
Some good movies I haven't seen. Robin Williams stuff mostly because of course.

'Round midnight, round midnight... nahhh im usually way into slumber land at this hour when not on stims. 22:00 is late enough to call it a day, to call it a life.

Can't belive how speaking about it helps.
If you have anything, anything to say - please do. I kinda know that it is possible I'll wake up tomorrow cometely chill I. A good way and worst case scenario go to the hospital. But if the day will go like this Friday went, farewell folks. I try to believe in karma and have no fear of her being a bitch. Its just that too many mistakes I made consciously in tbis life. 

Gotta reset your mind ah...