I suffered long enough.First of all I am 46 years old. I read posts from younger guys and I know the pain they are going thru. I wanted to kill myself at 26, nothing changed. I don't know where to start, I could probably write a plethora of hurt, but I'll try to be terse. I know what you are going to say to me, but my situation is disconsolate. A plethora of my life was already spent. I'll never have a family or career. I, for all intents and purposes, really, really, really pissed and squandered my life away.  You can't install hope or assert that have my whole life ahead of me, because I don't
I'll try to tl;dr

I'm still a virgin, I'll attribute part of it to a crazy, overprotecive upbringing and guilt, but another part is I am simply invisible and ghosted by women. Guess I look horrible, but others say that is not the case.

I probably have severe aspergers or social anxiety. Being a virgin at this age is eating me from the inside out. Even if I had sex, having it at this point is even worse. I think it is worse than cancer. It will be the final determinant that justifies my suicide. I was looking at porn up to recently, maybe 3x times a day, but I am too depressed for that. No woman on the planet wants a 46 yo virgin. I think a child molester is more attractive.

 I don't know how to ask a girl out and never did. Only thing I ever had was rejection when I did.  Had some therapy as a kid and it never worked. I never drank, smoked or took drugs, I probably should have. No, please do not suggest prostitutes or prurience to me.

I was molested by providers in the past and will not go for help. Most shrinks are worthless anyway.

I feel like shit about myself, everyone always looks at me like a creep, and I'm invisible, I believe I'm already dead. I'm scrofulous, don't shower, change clothes, going on months now, and my mood swings from hysterical laughter to severe depression. I'm addicted to messageboards.

I work out and I am an avid rollerblader. I am a loner. Have no friends. My new neighbor saw me skating and asked me if I am in college. I kinda look younger(I'm thin and in shape, can skate 20 miles and not even know it) but not college age. He said his son is a hockey player. I didn't answer, he would probably think I'm a child molester if I told him the story.
 
I have a body type that does not take to any body building, maybe with steroids, but I don't want that.  I had a trainer at one time. I have thin wrists, guess I am an ectomorph. Good health was squandered on me, I know people my age who are extremely ill, and they have a real purpose in life, families, people who love them.

Didn't work in three years, I am highly educated, 189 undergrad credits and an unfinished masters. I am on SNAP. My work history is horrible with part time and low paid work. I was doing C++, writing engineering simulation dlls for 15/hr a few years ago, because of all the accommodations I needed.  

I can not do serious web work because my design skills are so horrible. That aside, my desultory decision making is inadequate to the extent that I'll have versions in PHP, Java, .net, rails, and finally abandon it for something else.

I worked as a college instructor, it was very difficult for me, I was paid very little as an adjunct. Eventually I resigned because of the anxiety. I taught at the 2 year level. Many students did like me. One girl came to me at the end and forced me to hug her, she said she thought she would never be able to do math.  I also love working on cars too and doing diagnostics.

I suffer from severe ADHD and my attention span is 20 minutes. I'm addicted to forums, was considering posting under my real Reddit acct. I have a surfeit (100s ) of started and unfinished github projects, and no one will hire me. I get so nervous on interviews I screw up very simple things.  I had one Android app but I had to remove it, I was scraping data from sites, and they complained. Worked very hard on it, it was extremely complex to achieve what I wanted.

I live with my mom, who is extremely neurotic and paranoid. I am scared of every disease. I was brought up to live at home until you are married. My mom had me young and I had a terrible father, I can write volumes about him. 

I only had 1 gf in my entire life, she is the reason I am still here. She is religious. She gave up on me though. I probably could have married her, but she was institutionalized and mentally ill. Very highly educated woman, met her on CL. She didn't believe looks are my issue, but I know she said it because she felt sorry for me. I never had any girl approach me in public. I may not be horrible looking but somehow I am gristly to women. I'm also short at 5'10".

I did meet some women and ended up treating them so nice, cooking for them, etc and they threw me away. One had another guy in the house when I came to get her for a date. I read that you have to be mean to women for them to like you. I just don't care or give a fuck anymore.

Anyway, I don't know why I wrote this, but I feel like I have some responsibility before I go. I want to sell all my stuff on ebay, and leave a final fund to take care of things. I have 3 nice DELL widescreens, going to list them, my last job gave me them and said to keep them. Would like to sell my Hackintosh laptop too. I have surefire painless way to go, but it says not be explicit. I don't know why still care if I eat junkfood or not, I'm unequivocally sure the worms won't mind.

I believe I am already dead, I just want to consummate the affair. Isn't there any dignity left in life?
Thanks for reading anyway.