Just need to talk about itHello,

Currently mulling over the idea of this. Life is getting to a pretty low point for me, not necessarily because of standing, although I'm not too well off in that area either, but largely because I just don't enjoy anything. I've was diagnosed with depression 16 years ago or so, but being a child/teenage I was vehemently against the idea of medication, but now I've noticed that I did myself a great disservice. Over the past year or so I've noticed that I have pretty much watched my life deteriorate before my eyes, but I can't be bothered to do anything about it.


The obvious answer is see help I suppose, but I can't really afford to do so, I'm currently scraping by, often needing to borrow money from family to make rent or bills. And even then, what if pills don't help. 


Back to the point of suicide, I'm conflicted on it, between being tired of existence and not particularly wanting to die, absurd I know, but there are things I think I might like to do. I think, because unfortunately I don't know if I can enjoy something anymore. I do things like play games, but it's more out of habit than enjoyment. I suppose this is the crux of my problem, but I don't really feel anything for more than a short period of time. I'm sure it sounds edgy and I'm sure a few people just rolled their eyes, but I really don't feel most of the time. 


Occasionally I do feel, shall we say ambient, sadness, but I don't feel sadness from sad things. Death for instance, I simply cannot view it as sad, I wasn't sad when my grandparents died. Thinking ahead, I honestly can't see myself feeling sad when my parents or siblings die. I had a pet once, and I thought I would be sad if he died, but he did die, and I didn't feel sad. I just remember thinking that it was bound to happen eventually. There's one person, should they die, I cling to the idea that I would feel sad. But, the thought is there, what if I don't feel sad. Honestly, this thought scares me, it makes me question if I do feel things at all, or if I just think I should feel things.


I'm certain some of you want to bring up the repercussions of suicide; think of your loved ones, do you want them to feel sad. I'll be frank, I don't care. Not because I don't want to, or even that I feel I shouldn't, I feel that I should, hell I want to care. But I don't, I can't, even. Which brings me back round the the being tired of existence part of my dilemma. All that is there for me is money that I give to other people. I sleep, eat, and otherwise do things simply to do things. Occasionally I feel excitement, or maybe a very brief satisfaction. But then I just go back to simply existing.


But there are things that I want to do, I feel curiosity. Plenty of things sound interesting, or maybe even fun. But I don't have the motivation, I can't find the motivation and I can only force myself to do something without motivation for a day or so. I don't even feel jaded that I'm missing out on all the good and fun things that supposedly exist in life, I just wish that I could enjoy them too.


But I suppose for all my complaining, my apathy is also standing in the way of suicide. It's not sorrow, it's not fear, it's not the thought of pain or suffering that keeps me from killing myself. It's the simple fact that I can't be bothered to do it, so I sit here, watching my life atrophy away while I can't even be bothered to care.


I don't know what to do.