HelpHow do start you this? I was raped a few months ago by my boyfriend of 3 years. Since then, I've been on a slow but steady spiral downwards. A few weeks ago, I was diagnosed with PTSD and put on anti-anxiety medication. But it's not helping. Each week, I hit a lower and lower 'low'. I tried to get help as soon as possible after the rape because I knew some serious shit was brewing inside of me, but it took 2 months for a psychiatrist to even get back to me to confirm an appointment. I tried at least 20 doctors before one finally returned my call. He was the one who diagnosed me, then prescribed me the medicine, and I liked him. But then he didn't even show up for my follow-up appointment, when he said he would try to add-in an SSRI for my mood. Everything else is also falling apart. The few times I have reached out to friends, telling them I was plummeting, they have bailed last-minute or kept pushing it back. I was seeing a counselor at a local rape crisis center, but I just started a new job that doesn't seem very excited that I'll have to take ~1.5 hours per day off to travel to go talk to her. And now, I think HR gossiped about my situation to other people.

I feel so alone and messed up. It feels like this downwards spiral into nothingness is inevitable. I want pain. I want to hurt myself. I already cut my wrist (though not enough to do much damage), had a lot to drink, taken a few benadryls and benzos. I want to burn my home down and hear the flames crackle, feel the heat on my face. I want to stab myself, over and over and over. I want a reason to physically hurt someone and have them hurt me back. I fear that if I had a gun, I wouldn't be here right now.

What do I do? I really need help. I can't believe I am here. I act so happy and outgoing at work, but then I get home and I don't know if I'll be here in the morning. Please help. I feel like I'm trying to walk the wrong way up an endless escalator, and it's taking all my strength to keep walking. But then my legs get tired, and I slip somehow and suddenly find myself plummeting downwards towards this huge, dark pit whose bottom I fear is death. I just want to get back to the top so badly and feel happy again, but it feels impossible. Do you have any advice?