Only my mother holding me here.I haven't worked in 10 years.  I have barely left my house in 2 years.  I go to therapy once every two weeks, a psychiatrist once a month or every other month, and the grocery store every week and half roughly.

I wanted out a long time ago.  In a manic and anxious phase at work I thought I was doomed and I tried 10 years ago.  All I got was some heart complications that will probably kill me soon enough anyway combined with the toll my liver took (heart is damaged but liver seemed to recover function wise).

I was discovered, days had passed.  I'd never would had remained here except I seen the terrible pain I caused my mother, and I can't believe I nearly abandoned my dog.  (Left her out a ton of food and water).

10 years has passed since that time.  My dog is 14 or so now.  I've shared my whole world with her.  Her back is going out and her foot is knuckling.  It's common in old age for her breed. 

I prayed for once. For once in a long time.  I prayed to the universe.  I asked it for mercy.  Please don't make me leave this house to have her put down.  Please either let her pass peacefully or better yet recover full mobility and extend a quality life.

I'm losing my companion. To her I am her world.  We have survived it all together.  But now I am going to have to part. And worse take her somewhere for her to be taken from me.

My house is in need of major repair.  It is to the point had it found out it would be condemned.  I've lost my home it just hasn't been taken yet.

When it rains, it rains inside my house.  The mold won't kill me though.

I was turned down for government aid twice in the last decade.  I have no insurance. Charity case from way back when keeps me in therapy but I haven't brought myself to apply for disability, or food stamps, or medicaid since last turned down 3 years ago.

Today I have cried. I cried for my sweet pup and how great we were for each other.  She doesn't sense it, but I know without a doubt that I'm out of here as soon as I won't cause any suffering to my mother when I vanish.