Hopelessness, uselessness, and a whole long story with no correlation.I’m going to preface this by saying this is going to be a long read, because I’ve never really gotten any of this out, and I feel like it’s important that I do, especially in a time like this when we have virtually nothing else to do. 

I grew up in a home with pretty well-off parents. That being said because they were so well off, they were never around. My dad works in music and media so they were always off somewhere and I was never truly able to develop a father/son relationship with him ever. I barely remember my childhood, I had encounters with sexual trauma at the hands of adults, and another child as well and the thoughts of this stuff disturbs me greatly still because I cannot really remember it. I had a pretty tough time mentally, as a kid I developed synesthesia and some form of manic depression and obsessive thoughts due to (what I’ve been told) being exposed to several types of trauma and the OCD I experienced as a child, which was an obsession over time and how it passed, as well as just being involved in lots of creative things. 

The things I do remember from my childhood: when my dads building burnt down, and when we found out the people who were managing my dads money were committing fraud against us, and when my grandmother died. All in the same 2 months. (our family best friends at the time) had been stealing from us for the last 8 years. I don’t mean just a little bit, they had stolen hundreds of thousands of probably millions of dollars. I was like 8, I didn’t understand it. We used to go on vacation with them and their house and everything they owned was bought with our money. I didn’t know what to do I just knew I couldn’t ever trust anyone again. My child brain was hurt and that has since really impacted me. Since then it’s been years and the court case is still going on. My parents are both destroyed. 

My mom is a very unique character, She had a really awful life and I mean really awful. She doesn’t get help and never has, and I can tell she’s always angry. Her and my dad lost their spark through all the shit they went through while I was a kid. It’s hard to watch because she’s so critical of him now because we lost the good life we used to have through things he couldn’t control. They don’t seem to love each other most of the time and it’s confusing when they do. I mostly just avoid it at this point. 

Through my Highschool years I got into drugs pretty early, because I was processing all the shit that had just happened in my life I fell into a crowd of older people and was hanging out with 19-25 year olds when I was 14. I remember one of the people there said to me one time, “They don’t even realize how young you are, it’s fucked up.” and I feel like it was right. I’m a pretty intelligent person and I definitely didn’t look 14. I dated and spoke to girls who were way older than me and was definitely manipulated into doing things I wasn’t comfortable with. I started smoking and drinking before this but I got into narcotics and pills and cocaine pretty quickly which spiralled out of control as fast as it started. I was dependant on drugs and the only thing that snapped me out of it was a friend I had who shot her self in the face when I was in grade 11. I just Full on pulled myself out of it after that because I was terrified of feeling like that high and anxious again. I’ve had a few friends like that, and a few who have attempted suicide and I feel like death is just a thing in my life at this point. 

My dad and I have never had an orthodox relationship. He is a washed up old musician that was popular in his time but he is not a parent and I’d never call him a “good” father. He is a good man, but I wouldn’t say either of my parents were ready to be parents when they had my sister or me. He is a lot older than my mom. He abuses a prescription he has to the point where he’s high everyday and on so much drugs he doesn’t eat sleep or function normally. He always tells me how he’s going to die soon or end his life, he only does this to me and does it a lot unless I get angry about it. He doesn’t have any family and I’m basically his confidant and his Doppelgänger. He just dumps all his issues on me, because I listen and I’m not a snitch to anyone. He has done this for a few years, and when I was a kid he tried to kill himself once by driving off the road on a lot of pills. The morning after is one of the only times I’ve seen him cry. Obviously not the best male figure I could ever have. 

My sister is really suffering as well as me. We went through our childhoods together but she’s the closest thing I have to someone who understands me. She just had a birthday and we got drunk and spoke like we’d never spoken before, just about our lives. She’s a lot less emotional than me or she’s just good at hiding it. 

As of right now, just like the rest of my life, I feel empty and alone. I go through the motions of life but everything Is dull and I’m so dissociated and derealized from trauma and drugs and just an intense life that’s never slowed down. 

I’m in a pretty long term relationship with a sweet girl, who’s the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen and she’s got a bad case of anorexia. When I met her she was around 67 pounds, honest. Her and I have worked over the past few years to help her get help because she hasn’t got the best family life aka her dads a full on arrogant and disgusting POS. She’s doing okay now physically Shes weight restored but mentally is another story. She’s loved me through everything but can be manipulative and gaslight me. And make me feel bad when I feel suicidal which means telling her how I feel is a rarity.  She’s half my size, but she’s hit me twice. I’ve never really told anyone about that before. And I genuinely feel like I deserved it both times, I know that’s wrong to say but I had something coming.  We’ve had a pretty rough relationship but I do genuinely feel a deep love for her and I’m sad she feels the way she does. If I could take everyone’s pain away I would, I just feel like everything is my fault even though it isn’t. I really feel bad for her. She is a good person and loves me, but anorexia makes a person into a terrible version of themselves sometimes. I’m not a saint either. 

Every day I want to kill my self. I hate the way I look and I hate my life. Nothing gives me pleasure anymore and I am just constantly suffering. I feel so guilty for everything that has ever happened in my life even if it’s not my fault. I support multiple people emotionally fully (I basically parent and carry my girlfriend and I) and I have so many secrets I hide inside. I’ve been so dead inside for years and I feel so disgusting. I feel like a spectacle and I feel like nobody would even care if I died I feel like it would even Help some people.I disappoint my mother with everything I do. The only reason I don’t kill myself now is because I’m afraid of disappointing her again in death. I don’t want anyone to suffer because of me, I feel like such a spectacle and a disgusting huge (not fat just huge) mistake. I really have a problem with the way I look even though I’m told I’m good looking, I look in the mirror and see emptiness and ugliness and a disgusting human being. I used to have a problem where I’d cut myself and it got pretty bad but I stopped because My mom got mad at me for doing this when she found out. I also a few years ago had another encounter of sexual assault at the hands of a guy I called my friend. That was tough. 

From the outside, my life looks pretty good. I’m a model, signed to a big agency, and I just got accepted into my dream art university, which is pretty competitive. I felt nothing when I got in. I have a beautiful girlfriend and I even have somewhat of a following online. People say I’m good at art but I hate everything I create. I have a nice house and I have a good looking family. But really I feel so empty. 

This post is just a rant. I can’t tell anyone else how I feel so I decided to make a throwaway and tell reddit. I hope I can feel happiness because I don’t genuinely want to die but I do want to disappear and leave the world. I wish I could just erase my life and have everyone forget me. I’m sick of waking up and doing nothing all day. I’m sick of feeling so empty no matter what I try to do. I’m sick of caring for everyone and still feeling guilty even if it’s not my fault. I hate being made to feel so disgusting and disappointing. I feel like I’m in the way, and I deserve nothing. I feel like I’m not made to live. All I can think is, what is it for? I don’t know what I’m living for anymore. I feel like I mean nothing. 
 
If you read all this, thank you. My suffering is difficult and I wouldn’t wish it upon anyone. I know I probably don’t have it bad but it’s fucking hard to keep going. I’ll try my best. I know suicide isn’t smart but death just seems so quiet and peaceful compared to all this. 
I hope if you are suffering you have hope and understand there was a time you didn’t feel this way. I truly hope anyone who feels similar to me has more resources and more good parts of their life. I know death seems appealing and quiet and like a solution but remember that things can change in a second, I’ve experienced that first hand. Maybe in a bad way but I’ve seen things change in a second so I’m just holding on to the fact they may again.