Despite looking good on the outside I feel like I'm dying on the insideIronically, my life might be objectively better than its ever been. I have a lot to be proud of, and a lot of people in my life claim to be proud of me. But knowing that objectively my life is great, only makes it worse that subjectively I want to die.  Every time a family member or a distant friend says, it seems like you're doing so much, or they're so proud of me for working hard, it honestly makes me feel worse. I look through these comment boards and I hear about people who go through life with no one around them. Ironically, I spend tons of time with others, and often get invited places to hang out and do things, and occasionally I go, and I think I even appear to have a good time. But still when I'm done I feel miserable and like I want to die. Some people talk about how they can't get out of bed in the morning. I work 10 and 12 hour days as a law student trying to study and apply for jobs, but honestly it just serves as a distraction from the fact that I want to die. I always go back to baseline wanting to die no matter what else I do. I've always had this feeling that I'm going to kill myself one day, even on my best days. It's scary to me to think that I could be "accomplishing" so much and have "so much to be proud of" and still feel this way. It doesn't help that I just had a close family friend who committed suicide recently. He seemed like he had his life together. He had kids a family a good job where he traveled all the time, but he was still so depressed that he killed himself. His life almost seems like a prophecy for mine and its scary. I almost wish I showed outward symptoms of being depressed and suicidal, I feel like when I tell people how I feel they assume I must be exaggerating because my life looks so good from the outside. It almost makes me ashamed to be suicidal knowing that so many other people actually have real issues they have to deal with, and I'm just here feeling miserable in spite of my pretty good life. 