Hey guys, I'm pretty downI have a lot on my mind, just throwing it out there. Not looking for pats on the back or encouragement.

Ive never been comfortable with making friends, ever. I am now 30. I have, however, become superb with justifying why I dont need help or friends. Ive had such a hard time finding a job that fits me since I moved to Houston. 

I moved here to be there for my daughter. I get along somewhat with my daughter's mother, but since I dont want to marry her, she takes it hard and has a bitterness toward me. Now we have a 2nd daughter, 1 and 3 years old. Her and I cannot and dont live together, and her dad is nice for the most part, but gives me shit about not marrying.

Im not all that dumb, but I fell apart first semester in college when I was 17, and again when I tried another semester at community college 2 or 3 years later. It seemed so inefficient, and I have always given up at the drop of a hat if it didnt come naturally easy to me. 

Anyway, Ive changed jobs ~every 6 months since I moved here, and it's hitting me like a ton of bricks how this pattern is keeping my value at 10$ an hour, and I dont know what the fuck to do. 

For the first time ever, in June I missed my rent payment and I'm seeing how my low value affects my kids. I am pro at hiding my feelings, even from myself. I have to do something about it. I looked into a coding bootcamp, but I dont have the credit for a loan. I trieed skillcrush and it didnt fit me; it seems like I need a tutor, but again, I dont know where to start, and I have such doubt that it will pay off. 

Im back to delivering pizzas with a smile and a hustle in my step, but I know I can only keep this up for so long, unless maybe I see a light at the end of a tunnel like I meet someone to play music with regularly or a real life coding buddy. I feel like my life is just starting and Im in a room with no way out and no light. 

Its a fact that if I died, she will find a man who can support those kids, and they can live ok. Right now they have a fucking loser for a dad.