Was I ever real?I'm tired of it all. 

This phrase just runs in a loop in the slideshow of my consciousness. 

I'm awake. It's 2:19AM. I'm the guy who used to be the center of attention four years ago. I laughed the loudest who would have known. I always tried my hardest to bring someone's hopes up. To be someone's rock. I solidified myself as the one to turn to when you had an attack, or depressing thought. I had so much pride in myself for the things I'd accomplished. I loved them. All of them. I'd do anything for them. I feel at peace when they'd burden me with their problems. I liked their misery because the combined amount outweighed my own. How could my problems compare to that of forty. How easy it was to not think about bills, my insecurities, my closest relationships, my fears, my schooling and my dads suicide. I took shelter from the depressing rain by hiding in a mountain of problems that weren't my own. I think I'm just the type of guy who hates being by himself. I need company. I need to be helping. I need to be with others. I've spent the last year scratching my head at everyone I lost. I thought some friendships would be forever. Did I ruin them? Did I run away? It's all my fault. I'm the root of evil that infected it. Without me they did better. I'm just a Bowie. 

I'm trying to be better but waking up becoming a problem. The only thing holding me up the few people that still love me. I can't leave them with my mess. I can't run away again. I need to be better. I need to snap out of it. I need to realize that I don't need to let go of things. I'm not the same person I was or maybe I need to accept that I was never that person. I know I'm better than I pretend I am. I know I can change the world for the better but why try to when everything I do just seems to lead to failure. I'm calling for attention and all I get is a unknown number. I miss you. All of you. 

I remember helping one who is probably one of the closest things to a brother I have. I walked him after an attack. He opened up to me and I listened and accepted him but I didn't open up. I'm so scared of not being liked that I ignore everyone who even reached out. 

I never opened up. I'm scared what of what anyone would say. I'm just a shell. Nothing inside. Nothing worth noting. Nothing, but why am I like this. Have I always had this hollow laugh. Have I always forced a smile when anyone walks by. Am I a fake person to my core. 

I hear the things they say I did after I was gone. It hurts that I was never good enough. It hurts that I care so strongly for something I wish I was never a part of.

I'm so angry. I don't even realize what emotional state I'm in. I'm just slowly rotting on the inside. Even when someone  tries to get close I think it's for an ulterior reason. I'm sorry. I'm not the man everyone thought I was.   

I want to lash out and say how ungrateful they are. How they wouldn't even have specifics if it wasn't for me. To not forgot who I am, but I'm already forgotten. I'm to blame for the transgressions. 

I'm now the whispers in the corridor. 

I gave up my identity without even trying. I'm faceless. 

I'm tired of it all. 

I live in regret. I wish I was who I tried to be before but I can't go back. I can't forgive. I can't forget. Why can't I forgive and forget. Why can't I just let bygones be bygones.
Why can't I move on. I just want to feel like myself again but who was I to begin with.   


Now is the real test. Who would I send this to? Who would even read it. Who would realize how big a cry for help this is? 

I'm so scared of being seen as weak I just don't think anyone will see this unless it's anonymous. I wish I could light a symbol that showed people how much I just need to be loved. 