Problem, After ProblemI guess I should start this off by saying that I have no friends. There’s literally no one besides my Mother that I can count on. My Dad just calls me when he’s having computer problems, and I’ve been “disowned” by the majority of the rest of my family for having “liberal” views. There are a couple of people that I think feel sorry for me, but they won’t even hang out anymore.

I have a “fiancée.” However, she will occasionally tell me that she “doesn’t love me”, and “isn’t interested anymore.” She’s typically angry when she says these things. However, she does mean them, and is vocal about her feelings about them. She essentially bounces back and forth between “loving me”, and “not having any interest.” Therefore I can’t really depend on her either. She may care about me, but she’s certainly not going to pick me up or support me when “I’m down.” 

I recently left a job at a horrible company (they told us that they were outsourcing all of our jobs, I was passed up for a raise that I had earned, etc…), for another job that I like with a company I like. However, I’m constantly being degraded by a few of my coworkers. It’s really turned into a nightmare. I’m making decent money. However, I pretty much want to cry after I leave everyday. I’ve been called “dumbass”, among other things. This seems to be a fairly accepted type of behavior there. 

Now you’re going to tell me to keep “my chin up”, and that I can always meet a new girl, and that I can make new friends. This isn’t the case. I have very bad social anxiety (I think the job’s making it worse); therefore I’m not good in social situations. Which is likely why I’m in the situation I’m in at my current job. I’ve sought treatment. However, the guy I was seeing told me “there was nothing wrong with me.” 

I’m really in a stage where I don’t know what to do. I’m making money, but I pretty much literally have nothing besides that. 

I’ve been thinking about suicide pretty much everyday. As it’s really the only way I can see myself ending the disaster my life has turned into. 