I'm fucked upI couldn't think of another title for my post. I'm a special need worker. My job consist of assisting people with mental health problem in their day to day life. Doing that job was one of my dream, I had it rough when I was younger so it gives me the ability to understand what people with mental health problem are going through. I finally got a school degree this year and I'm working full time. 

But still, I have those lingering thoughts about suicide. It's like a monkey hanging on my back, telling me I will never be able to get true fulfillment in life. It's all because I don't have any real social life nor do I have any real social group or friends. It all goes back to childhood and my life as a teenager, I was extremely shy, to the point of being social phobic. I found something fulfilling for me (my job), but outside of it, my life is so empty, it's quite depressing. A few years ago, I was telling myself that I wouldn't be able to cope with the fact that I will be a 30 years old guy whose never had a girlfriend. Now I am 30 and I still haven't found a girlfriend, my weekends are boring to death. I'm trying to find a new job (need more cash to move on with my life), but the fact is that I have low self esteem and I have a hard time selling myself to anyone who's hiring special needs worker. I'm good at what I'm doing but my future is blocked, can't get hired anywhere else.

People appreciate what I do at my current job but, no one wants to hire me anywhere else because of self esteem issue. There are lots of jobs available where I live, I already passed three interviews, but they all called me back to tell me I wasn't hired. Add it to that damn loneliness and it explain why I find myself having dark thoughts. I'm so fucked up, why should I even need help, I'm supposed to be the one who help people (in my job). I do help them, judging by the feedback I receive from my coworker, but none of those coworker can really appreciate what I'm going through outside of work. 