I ruined my lifeI didn't really have the happiest childhood, but I was still a happy kid from what I remembered. I had a few good friends, two cats and a big garden. My mom was very cold and strict until my brother was born, and I rarely saw my dad because he was either at work or at a bar. My parents got a divorce, and my mom took me and my brother back to the country she was originally from. At that time, I was six, and suddenly, I had to learn a language that I hadn't been very familiar with. My pronunciation was very bad, and I got made fun because of it constantly. A few months later, my classmates took it to a higher level, and started beating me and bullying me.


My mom started dating immediately after returning to her country. She forced me to go on her dates with her because she wanted to introduce her cute daughter to dozens of men. Finally, she found 'the one'. She started neglecting us. Luckily, we lived at my grandma's house, and she took good care of us. She was the kindest grandma. A few weeks later, grandma collapsed. She had several surgeries, and when I visited her in the hospital after a few months, she was bold, skinny, wasn't able to talk nor move her body. I bought her a dog plushie, and she died with that plushie by her side a few days later. Cancer.


My grandpa threw us out of the house because she never really got along with my mother. So we went to live with the new man mom found. Mother had a total breakdown. It lasted over a year. She never left her bed, and whenever I came to her bedroom after school, she'd cry and shout, and tell me horrible things. About how she wanted to die. How she was going to commit suicide with me. I had to take care of my brother on my own because I had no other family, and we didn't know the man who was living with us. I was 8 at that time. I was still bullied in school, but I did my best to take good care of my baby brother.


My mother changed a lot, but she started functioning after a year. We moved to another city, and I started attending a new school. I got bullied again. That period of my life was pretty decent, but I don't remember much. I was a very smart kid, and I was getting good marks. My mom married that guy who took us in, and had another child. Now, I have to call that person my stepdad even though he has been physically and emotionally abusing me and my brothers for year. Mom says it's not a big deal. 


Since I was a smart kid, my parents made me take entrance exams for gymnasiums, and I got into all of them. I started attending a gymnasium. But.. I wasn't smart enough. My grades started dropping rapidly, year after year. The pressure was insane. We were treated like total garbage by the teachers. After 6 years of begging, my mother let me transfer to another gymnasium, which was supposed to be easier.


During those six years on the first gymnasium, I developed severe depression and anxiety. I threw up every other day before going to school, and had panic attacks all day, every day. I started cutting my legs. It started getting worse and worse, that's why I begged my mom to let me transfer to another school. I started attending that new school last year in September. The teachers are okay, and they didn't pressure us as much as they did at the last school, but my classmates treated me like a social outcast. I went to see two therapists, went to see a psychiatrist and got on meds. The therapy didn't work, neither did the meds.


After 18 years of my life, and all the hardships I've gone through, I finally broke on the 28th of February, 2018. I went to hang myself. Something went wrong, and I ended up in a psych ward instead. I talked to 5 doctors, none of them told me a diagnosis. None of them know what kind of mental illness I have. I heard it all. I heard that I 'might' have bipolar disorder/anxiety/OCD/BPD/depression,.. But nobody knows for sure. And so I became a mentally ill person without a diagnosis.


I went back to school after spending a month in the psych ward. That very day I came back, a new thing started happening to me. Disassociation. It started hitting me randomly during the day. Not being able to remember who I am. Getting lost. Not recognizing myself in the mirror. Not feeling like a human being. After 20 days of being back to school, I had a talk with the principal, and had to decide to take a break from school.


So now I'm here, on the 25th of June. Still in the same condition. I thought it has gotten a bit better because I tried really hard to get better, but it all came crashing down today again. I'm supposed to go back to school in September, but I don't know how I'm going to do that when I'm like... this. My mother went to a fortune teller who told her that I'm faking my mental illness, so now she thinks I made everything up, and wants to kick me out of the house. I probably won't be able graduate from high school. Nobody is going to hire me. Nobody will fall in love with a monster like me. I have no money. Nothing.


If you read this mess of a post, thank you so much. I never told anyone about my life, but I wanted someone to know that I tried. Fuck, I really did. But there's no future for me anymore, and I can't miraculously fix my life. 


Goodbye, Reddit.