Survived and dealingI am not sure why I am typing this, probably a way to get it out. I don't know most anyone who will read this but I guess it feels like talking, like connecting... like getting it out. On December 17th, 2014 I hung (or hanged) myself in my bedroom. I did a good job too I was clinically dead for a a good few minutes. I was drunk and it was a rash decision, one I no less intended to make, but rash l the same. So I have been dealing with that for about a month now after waking up in the hospital. I kind of had a pink cloud thing going on that's coming to an end. Like I had a plan and general idea and it seemed so positive and easy, but we all have to come back to the point where we remember it's not so easy. That easy is what you are coming from. Because the harder it gets the more worth it is, even though it's hard to look at it like that sometimes. I havent talked to anybody about why I did it yet. They ask and I say I don't remember. In all truth I don't remember much of that night. I remember the actually act,and then I'm in a kinda of read two weeks later. It's weird really, losing that much time. Like I was on auto pilot . Being me, apparently, but not really there. But I know why I did it, I just misdirected the conversation to avoid answering the question. I guess everyone e Rhone probably knows or has an Ida, well the people in my town I mean, tuck who's really that great at hiding everything?  I tend to Ruth to be the mystery man, I don't talk about my personal life and no one really knows much about me beyond personal interaction. I don't talk about I it myself much. Never have. I am a 25 year old male, high school drop out. For the past four years I have been FOH and bar manager at one of the nicest restaurants in my town. They pay me lots and it supports me well. But the job has its price. I felt alone. So terribly alone, I had friends out side of work, but being at the restaurant so much I never got to see them. Then the people I spent the most time with I couldn't really be friends with because they were my employees. So I felt trapped and alone... so alone. No one to talk to. I guess the reason I'm typing this is to remind myself not to feel so alone. Because im lonely right now and I need someone to listen...