Why aren't suicide booths legal?We don't matter so why are we forced to stay alive? Why do the sadists want to make ways to kill ourselves more difficult?

I see signs on bridges that say "we can help you cross," but the truth is the opposite. The truth is that people actively work to make life worse for men, because apparently we oppress women so much that we should feel nothing but pain (unless we're attractive).

Being attractive is LITERALLY the only thing that matters in our society, there is no dignity, there is no caring, the golden rule is a joke, people are selfish and shitty, they lie more than they tell the truth, they are rude and only think of themselves.

All feminism did was make men like me obsolete. It didn't change behaviors, it merely allowed women to have more than half. It allowed them to have everything, so they can share it with attractive men, because apparently we're nothing more than pictures, we're only bodies, that's what WOMEN decided, in the new millennia. That's their choice, collectively, and it's fucking pathetic, makes me HATE humans, and I don't want to be a part of this joke of a superficial species. This is a fucking joke. You really mean the only thing that matters is how symmetrical a face is, how deep a voice is, the stature of a body? You serious? You SERIOUS? What the fuck!? No wonder religion was so popular, we NEED it to keep people from becoming superficial, selfish pigs.

There isn't much good in this world if you're not attractive. Why do you all lie so much?  I have been trying for years, doing more than many people do in a lifetime, and it got me nowhere. There is no one to talk to, nothing to talk about, it's life. 

You either produce requisite dopamine when people see/are near you, or you are worthless. That's all life is. That's it.

Why aren't suicide booths legal?  It would save a lot of trouble and probably stop mass shootings.  Let people out, it's like not you care about us anyway. I haven't been touched in over a decade and all that got me was laughs. I know, for a fact, humans are evil. This is my life.

I don't want to die by a gun, I don't want to put my family through that, but I don't really have a choice, do I?  I'm not good enough for anyone, and in a social species, that means suicide. I can't express enough how disgusting humans are, I HATE them. I wish nuclear war started, this species deserves it.