I can't keep going like thisI have one person for me in my life. He's my boyfriend. He's been my boyfriend for a substantial amount of time now. But, lately, he's been hurtful, telling me that he'll never forgive me for a mistake I made in the past. It still affects us, but I've tried to make things right and to deal with the circumstances we're dealt and move forward. I understand he's hurt. He'll lash out at me and say things I don't think he can mean. He'll be cold and unresponsive, and I'm afraid to tell him I need help because he needs help too. He doesn't think I know what it's like, doesn't think I can understand. He's also suffering from depression. He's been drinking for a long time, but now he's moved to harder things as well. Apparently his supplier is coming onto him, which is terrifying for me because of her ability to narc if she becomes unhappy with him. I just wish he wasn't doing drugs in the first place.

I can't deal. I have no one to talk to. They say you feel like dying when you dont have the coping methods sufficient enough to deal with the pain you're going through. A few months ago, I nearly took a bottle of pills and ended myself. I didn't, but everything has only gotten worse. I work a terrible shift at a minimum wage job, despite my degree from a decent school, have no friends, see no friendly people whatsoever, and spend my whole day trying to make this relationship work. He hasn't spoken to me on the phone in days. I don't have hobbies, unless you count watching the same show over and over again to distract myself from the bottomless pit that is my life.

Don't want to give away too much information, I know my boyfriend's a redditor too. I just can't cope with this pain. With being utterly alone. With feeling so small. With being a lonely failure. I can't. I feel frantic and helpless. I cry every night and go to work with puffy eyes, thank god for glasses. I hardly sleep. I just want to finish what I started before and die. At this point, I don't think anyone would care.