Feeling cute, might kill myself laterI have wanted to die for the last 7 years. Most likely even longer, but I'll use my first suicide attempt as the starting point of my insatiable desire to die. 
I don't have a good reason it. I realise that I am better off than many people in most regards. I don't have a debilitating illness, nor have I had difficulty making friends or finding loved ones throughout my life. I haven't had trouble with work or school before that.
Yet life seems like a chore.
 I don't even know if I qualify as being depressed. Years ago I was diagnosed with clinical depression as well as a few other things, but I don't feel like I did then. 
I can function normally in everyday life, but I don't want to. Life seems meaningless. The effort far outweighs the rewards of life. I feel entirely inconsequential. Anything I do would be meaningless. Even if I was the greatest man to have ever lived and achieved everything I could ever dream of, it wouldn't matter. Our lives mean nothing. The lives of other's mean nothing. I know it and believe it, but I'm still weary of killing myself for illogical reasons. I worry that people will blame themselves or someone will have to find my body. But these things don't matter at all. If my death is so tragic to those who love me that they live their lives in guilt and despair, it wouldn't really matter. They're as inconsequential as I am. Even more so since the entirety of existence is only present so long as I am around to observe it. 

I wonder if all these fears are just an evolutionary ploy to protect ourselves from death. I like to believe that it is and that the inner conflict isn't a matter of weighing pros against cons or battling the moral ambiguity associated with suicide, but rather a struggle between our body's unconscious need to keep us alive and our mind's desperate need for silence.

I doubt anyone will read this far, but if you did then thanks for reading.  There's a possibility that this will be my final reddit post. But I'm a coward, so maybe I'll live long enough to regret not ending it sooner