No need for titlesI feel like I owe myself an explanation. 


There's no fucking way I'm pulling myself out of the nosedive I've put myself into. So, I guess whatever happens, happens. 



This pull, to be essentially nothing, feels so .... tangible. In a way, I feel that pull more and more nowadays which should be concerning, but I've grown used to it. 



Chaos is .......... final. It will be the end. I mean, I'm just a meat suit whose synapses are firing to produce an individual called ............, which is irrelevant. So, what happens to that consciousness at the end? Nothing. It simply ceases to be. It goes back to the chaos it was brought in. Not heaven, not hell, just emptiness. Fuck that's more enticing than anything in the entire world and I should be terrified of this, but I'm not. 


I mean, who gives a fuck at the end? Literally no one. People pretend they do, they don't. 



I'm hoping I can reach in, deep into my psyche, pull out all of this proverbial shit out of my system. I dont think I can, i buried shit deeply like yggdrasil did with nidhogg, only worse. There is no light at the end of this tunnel. Period. No silver lining. No happy endings. And certainly no good things. 


This poster is becoming a dumpster fire for all my shit. It's good to vent though. I'm a statistic, a goddamn variable, a pawn in some thing so chaotic, I'd rather go to an imaginary hell than know that.



So what am I? A pile of meat trying to find a foothold in the world ? A POS whose end goal has always been chaos ? Or a nobody who's gonna end up splattered on the ground one day? 


So here I am posting weird shit on reddit,  a sad fuck who doesn't care about shit. I'd off myself,  but I don't feel it today. Something tells me it's close though and fuck me if I'm not glad. Good riddance to all the fucks I give ! Hopefully, I get a good laugh at everything in the end instead of pissing myself to death. Poetic if I did, but I'd be dead. Ironically this post is somber and weird and yet feels more organic and composed, much like a fucking epitaph


TLDR for the lazy ; have a good life, won't kill myself today, just posting a venting thing to calm my crap.