It's been greatEver since I can remember, probably around the age of 12, I’ve wanted to kill myself. 

I know that sounds morbid, but honestly that is the first time I’ve wanted to end my life. Of course, the natural instinct for self preservation is stellar, so naturally by age 23 it hasn’t happened yet. I want it to so bad, and hopefully I’ll be able to just do it tonight. 

I’ve never been able to hold a meaningful relationship in my entire life. Everyone comes and goes in phases, and I can’t seem to keep anyone around. Not even my best friend since kindergarten wants anything to do with me, and more recently, my now ex boyfriend wants nothing to do with me as well. My other “best friend” since high school has slowly been phasing me out, and the recent break up has really illuminated this glaring issue in my life. 

It seems as if the pattern for everything revolves around a miniscule phase of happiness, swallowed and engulfed by a pit of depression and despair. Happiness phases can last anywhere from 2 weeks to a year, but it seems to stop around the year mark. What follows is a nasty voice inside my head telling me, no, begging me to just end our miserable existence. I want to so bad, I don’t think there has been a full three months that I haven’t thought about killing myself. I saw a therapist and that seemed to help for a while, and seemed to extend my period of happiness this go round, for an entire year! There definitely were thoughts of suicide running amok but instead of the voice screaming at me to end things, it was reduced to a tiny whisper. 

Is that a way to live? Would you want your happiness to be immersed in pain that resembles a 10 on the 1-10 smiley face scale at the doctor’s office? My happiness can not even be enjoyed because it is so fleeting. Every time I go through a “happy” period, it makes me increasingly nervous, because I KNOW the pain of the depression is soon to follow. 

That is why, I have decided to end my life. Especially before my career starts, I do not think it would be fair to try to make more relationships only to affect them by this incredibly selfish act. I’ll try to limit the collateral damage, by ending things at 23. 

That’s all I have to say. “Not another word.”

I'm 25 now and I've saved this note till now. Good bye everyone. 
