So I just made a mistake and I don't know how to deal with itI used to believe that falling in love within a matter of days was impossible. How can you love someone you only recently met? How can you love someone that you don't know well? Well over the past week I found out that it is possible to love someone in a remarkably short period of time, even down to mere hours after you've started talking with them.

This is going to give a lot of backstory. I'm just wanting to give as much background as possible.

My name is Daniel. I'm 23, i live in Virginia, and am one of the worst looking people I've ever had the displeasure of looking at. Every time I look in the mirror,  I see a failure, someone who can't hold a relationship, an overly anxious, concerned, and way too empathetic and caring of a person for anyone to enjoy. 

Pic related: https://imgur.com/a/4om0Qj9

When I was four, my mother broke my sternum and four ribs after kicking me across the kitchen floor. They never healed correctly, and basically mirrored the disorder pectus excavatum. I was sexually, emotionally, and physically abused when I was much, much younger, up until around the age of seven or so. My mother was a sadist. She was completely unfit to be a mother, as she'd done this to her previous two sons. She always favored my sister, and never once laid her hands on her. I didn't understand, and just assumed that that's how life was going to be, and there wasn't a thing I could do about it. She was also a drunk who loves her weed, and actively hid it from me, knowing I didn't enjoy seeing her use it, let alone use it at all.
At 13, my mother and I had an argument. She grabbed my arm, hard, and I still regret what I did: I had enough of her shit. I tackled her, and pushed her down a small set of stairs that led away from the master bedroom of the house (it was two steps). All I remember is lunging at her, and the rest is just gray. My father picked me up and pinned me against a wall by my throat, separating me from my mother. From that point on, I knew our relationship was finished, mine and my mother's.
Some time later, a week before my 14th birthday, she left. She took what money, jewelry, and valuable possessions she could in one small car load, and took off, hooking up with a man she met in Maryland sometime before - my mother is a baseball fan, and one Red Sex game that she went to, she met this guy. I don't remember his name. Let's call him Richard. They still live together, and I sometimes get Christmas or birthday cards from her, telling her she loves me, and wants to have a relationship. Funny, coming from the woman who decided it would be a fun idea to put things into her sons. Anyway, I always just put them in the trash. I've accepted that I'm never going to get over the trauma she inflicted, and I'm okay with that, because I've seen her once since she left, and that was when she decided to come back, steal some clothing, and other things that weren't hers. She left, and I haven't seen her since. That was nine years ago.

In school, I was regularly picked on. I had longer hair than the other guys, wasn't as rough as them, and preferred hanging out with girls. I've always clicked with them better. They're just easier to understand, at least to me. Whether it was at lunch, on the playground in elementary school, or before the busses were called in the afternoon, I'd just prefer hanging around the girls in the class. I was always socially awkward, never knowing what I should and shouldn't say, and always being scared that what I said might seem benign or even friendly to me, but might be taken horribly by whoever I'm talking to. The thought of hurting someone else, for me, is almost debilitating. I'd rather be strapped to an electric chair than hurt someone's feelings. Because of that, I never had many friends, and still don't, bar the few people I keep in touch with at the recruiting center I go to (I'm joining the Marines, and am supposed to ship out soon, since I was out on a 7-day and 30-daybpre-ship notice, so who knows, I might not ever see any of the responses to this for the next three months. That'd be kinda funny.

My father and I have never had what you'd call a good relationship. He's been a drunk, a drug abuser, was kicked out of the army for stealing firearms to sell for drugs, and never really took on the responsibilities that come with being a father. He's tried, I'll give him that, but he's never been good at it.
Within a year of my mother leaving, my father found out his marriage to my mother was never legal, and moved to get a woman he met a couple decades ago down here immediately. Her name was Julie. She was a drunk, abusive, emotionally, and reminded me of my mother, a lot. Admittedly, my dad played a part in this. He still bought her liquor, despite the pills she was on saying that they are not to be consumed with alcohol, and trust me, the tirades and warpaths she went on when those two mixed were horrendous. She broke everything she could. WW1 posters I'd collected for years, trashed. Books, that served as some of my only friends for years, shredded, and my video game consoles, the only real outlet I had for interacting with people without being afraid of them, vodka poured in them. I went from being socially awkward tons complete fucking recluse.
She brought her mother down to live with us. She was probably in her 70's, and a really nice woman. Her name was Julia. She was fun, lively, and always had something interesting to say. She was amazing, and a very good friend. I loved teaching her to use modern TV's, phones, and other electronics, too.
One day, Julie was drunk (nothing new), but Julia had enough. She confronted her daughter while I was cleaning the dishes. After a minute or so of arguing, I turned around to make sure they didn't get into a fight. Sure enough, a few seconds later, Julie went for her mother's hair and shirt. I jumped in, split them up, and forced them apart (for a woman in her 70's, Julia wasn't weak, holding on to her daughter's hair until I implored her to let go to end their fight). Within weeks of this, Julia moved out back to her home in New Mexico. Julie moved out sometime after that.
In 2014, after I'd moved out, my father had a stroke, and it left him in the hospital for a couple weeks, without control over the left side of his body. Since then he's gotten better, but motor control isn't perfect. He's had at least two heart attacks, many hours of pancreatitis, blood infections, gallstones, etc. The doctors say that much of this has been related to the fact that he's been a smoker and a drinker since his teenage years (he'll be 56 this year). I don't love my father. I more pity him than anything else, because every time I see him, I see someone who others fought so hard for, and threw away every opportunity he ever had, getting him to where he is now - unemployable, weighing 120lb at 6'2, with no means of income but his wife (a 35 year old with brain damage who, funnily enough, works at a liquor store), and whatever disability he can get from the state. I can't bring myself to say I love him. He's my father, but the choices he's made throughout his life completely disqualify him from being a dad, in my opinion.

My father and I always fought after Julie left the blamed us, the kids, and was very vocal about it. He hated what his life had become. He'd constantly bash me and my sister for ruining his relationship, and I, being the depressed, semi-suicidal social recluse who couldn't take anymore of the abuse, lashed out. Our fights got physical (I was pretty good at holding my own at 14/15). I regret these fights, entirely. I genuinely hurt my dad a few times, more than just physically - I know it hurt him seeing how I was acting, and that's what hurt me the most.
One day, my dad had enough of it. He kicked me out, and my grandmother took me in, where I've been ever since. This nearly 87 year old woman has the spryness of a 40 year old. Constantly wanting to chop wood, work in gardens, and even crawled under houses to assess properties at the age of 79, she's one of the toughest people I've ever known, and I can't describe the respect I have for her. This is basically what I looked like when I came to live with her: https://imgur.com/a/U0fV7tv

While I've been with my grandmother, school turned around for me, at least when it came to grades, not so much socially, and graduated at nearly the top of my class in 2014. I even started university, but the constant health issues of my dad, and me not being disciplined when it comes to working online, since everything I'd done to this point had been with paper and pencil, lead to me dropping out and working at home most of the time. My social life did improve, but me not knowing how relationships work always tore my friendships apart. I don't even speak to any of my college buddies anymore, and haven't seen them for going on three years, bar the occasional notice in the market, but even that is rare, and even then, they don't want to speak. I ruined all of my friendships from that time, either from lack of communication, or because jealousy, anxiety, and depression got in the way, and I let it dictate how I responded and approached people. I miss them, a lot.

I never really got involved in relationships until I was 16, when I had my first girlfriend. It was short lived, and was mostly sexual, but no, we didn't have sex. Even to this day, at 23, I'm a virgin (I know, pretty pathetic). The three most memorable were Breana, Abby, and Dakota. Let's start with Breana.

When we got together, she was 17 and I was 20. She was a short girl, with nice curves, a fun, interactive, and playful attitude, and could always make me smile. It only lasted about ten months (eight, for the actual we-are-together bit). Movies, theme parks, dinners, I thought we were going good, until school came around for her at 18. I noticed a drop in communication, and she started constantly talking about this girl she went to, "study", with. I had my suspicious, but kept them to myself, and continued like it was normal. I still constantly tried to make things work and stay in touch, but even when we saw each other in public, she seemed more reserved, unwilling to kiss, and didn't speak to me as much. I eventually called it off with her, saying I wanted to remain friends, but didn't think s relationship would be able to work without proper communication. She eventually agreed, so I guess she still liked me, at least until the next month. I went in her Facebook, and noticed she was in a relationship with the girl she was studying with two months before she and I broke up. I was infuriated, and called her every name under the sun: Cunt, faggot, slut, etc. She eventually blocked me, denying it was cheating because our relationship at the time was dead anyway. I was heartbroken, and looking back at it, I horribly regret what I said to her. It's not that I have anything against homosexuals, transgender people, pan people, or anyone of any sexual orientation, but she told me she was straight. It felt like a betrayal. She's engaged to this girl, now, and I'm happy for her, but we still don't talk. She avoids me when she sees me, understandably.
I'm sorry, Breana, I really am. I'm happy for you and your fiance. She has a keeper.

Next is Abby. Pic related: https://imgur.com/a/qHp46FU
When we started seeing each other, she was 18. I was 22. She was also short, cute, long hair that she dyed pretty colors, like red, blue, and blonde. She had a rough home life. She lived with like 12 siblings, and was the third oldest of the kids there. They ranged in age from 4 to 20, with the oldest being 26, who was gone by the time we met. She was sweet, and was going through a bad breakup when we met. I asked if she'd like to stay in touch, and with a slight grin, she said yes. Within a few weeks her relationship ended, but I made sure to not ask her out. She wanted space, and I only wanted to be someone she could talk to, and I could be supportive and caring, whenever she needed someone to speak to or a shoulder to cry on.
Abby was a damaged girl. She had anxiety, depression, and was never given any pills for it (turns out having 14 kids in total is expensive). She didn't live in the best conditions - the kids weren't disciplined, the house had trash in it, and was never clean, dirt was tracked in everywhere, and her parents were somewhat abusive, moreso in the past.
One night her sister, Gabby, her paternal twin, started playing Christmas music - before even Halloween - hijacking Abby's Bluetooth speaker. It started out as a bit of fun with laughs, but Abby became frustrated. It devolved into yelling, with her getting angry that no one ever listens to her. She stormed outside after some shouting, and I followed suit, not getting shoes. The road she lived in was dirt with gravel, so for about a mile, I walked on rocks that cut into my feet in an effort to keep up with her, not letting how bad my feet hurt get in the way of me wanting to make sure she was alright. All along the way, she ranted and raved about how she hated where she lives. I kept pace. Getting to the end of her road, we turned around, but I noticed her voice started stuttering, and she began to wimper. We stopped and hugged in the middle of the road for some time, her arms curled up trying to cover her eyes, not wanting to be seen crying. I wouldn't let her go until she stopped crying, and not until she was ready to walk back.
Another evening, the last night I saw her, she invited a couple friends over. One of them brought alcohol. I told her that if there was going to be drinking, I was leaving. Bring around it my entire life, I wasn't going to be around it, and wasn't about to let the girl I liked get herself hammered. I've seen what it does to people. I know the harm it can cause, and I didn't want to be around it. Well... she accepted that, and I left.
Her dad never liked me. He was an army guy that was protective of his little girl, which is understandable, but every attempt I made to learn about him was met with shunning and rejection. He hated me, and I don't know why. 
Well, the next day, I tried getting in touch with Abby, and she told me she didn't want me to come over anymore, and didn't want me talking to her anymore. Up until now, I'd been nothing but respectful, and was confused. She wouldn't give me any context, Soni assumed it was because I didn't want to see her drinking. I went through a lengthy conversation about how I was sorry for everything that I've done - buying her dinner, taking her to Busch Gardens, trying to be as supportive as possible, and for that long walk we took that one night back in October. Understandably, she blocked me. It was only later that I found out it was because her father started making threats about me visiting her. When I found that out, it hit me hard. I felt horrible for everything I told her, but the damage was done. She blocked my number, Snapchat, and all other contacts.
Abby, I'm sorry for what I said, and think about you all the time. I hope things at home have gotten better.

The last girl is Dakota, and what happened between us is why I'm making this post in the first place. I met this girl a couple weeks ago, but she is, by far, the most beautiful, the most intelligent, and perfect girl I have ever met. I had such a good feeling about her, until I messed it up.
I worked in Food Lion up until recently, and every so often would see this gorgeous, funny, and outgoing girl who was bombastic, silly, and very interactive. I was horrified to say hello to her. I knew that if I got attached, if hurt her, and I didn't want that. Pic related, it's her: https://imgur.com/a/l9bTcPf
One day, her father stopped and talked for a few minutes about products, and moved on, but it was just long enough for Dakota to chirp in a few times. She has the most amazing voice. It absolutely beautiful. From that point on, I slowly mustered up the confidence to talk to her and her father whenever they came in, and eventually, one day, I stopped them in the store and asked for her Snapchat. She quickly said yes, and I can't describe how happy I was. I know I was smiling like an absolute moron, but it didn't phase her. I added her, and we started talking immediately. We clicked (or so I thought, more on that in a bit). I was so happy that we did.
We talked about what we loved and what we enjoyed. We have similar tastes in movies, music, and she even plays DND, something I've wanted to learn to play for years. Well, shortly after we start talking, I take her out to dinner to a sushi place. I'd never had it before, so she chose the place. She wasn't impressed by it, but me, not knowing what to expect, I enjoyed it, and having her by me the entire time made it all the better.
We went to her house afterward, and I spent the night. I couldn't sleep at all that night. I was too busy smiling, holding her in my arms, waking her up periodically because she'd tense up, having nightmares. The last time I did that she turned around, nuzzled her face into my chest, and made herself comfy. We went to sleep at 1am or so. I didn't sleep but for five minutes at around 10am. I didn't want to sleep. I was genuinely happy. I asked her if she wanted to be mine, and she said yes. You have no idea how nice it felt for her to say yes. It almost brought me to tears.
Well, the next day, I noticed a change in how she was speaking. It was different, more sporadic, and not as enthusiastic. She kept talking about this guy named Nikki, who she met in Tinder. They're only friends, but that doesn't keep me from being a little jealous and anxious. I just dealt with it. It's just a friend. It was around this time that I learned she has PTSD, Asperger's, depression, ADHD, and other disorders. She was abused by her mother and partners sexually, physically, and emotionally. I saw a broken girl, someone who's gone through abuse, turmoil, and constant stress, and I fell in love with it. I saw someone I could relate to, perfectly, and someone I could speak to about anything, at anytime. From that point on, she had my heart. I'd still happily lay my life in the line for her.
Well, her texts became more sporadic as time went on, which I got more and more nervous about following Wednesday of last week, the last time she and I had some alone time.
Around this time, I also learned that it wasn't her typing most of the time the first few days. It was her friend Kayla, and that was a bit jarring, because with my hopes and expectations where they were, the bluntness of what she said after this seemed like genuine disinterest, but how we interacted in public contradicted this. We still held hands, kissed, and cuddled. I didn't know if she was simply acting or what. Either way, I never completely got over this. I also found out that she was drunk and high for most of this time, too.
Following this, she began to talk more about Nikki, I noticed that she laughed more around him, and seemed happier. They have similar dress styles, and share many interests, especially in music (unlike a couple bands, but am mostly into trap, synth, some metal and rock, and video game soundtracks from when I was younger). I got jealous, and she noticed it.
Well, on Saturday, the last time I really saw her, I took her on a date, and Nikki came along with his own date, Dakota's friend Kayla. Still, I noticed how they got along, how they clicked, and how Dakota and I just... didn't.
Later on, in the evening, Dakota made a comment that hit me, hard. She's a Virgo, and I'm a Leo. Being somewhat into astrology, she, out loud, mentioned how these two signs never work together. That crushed me, because it made her sound pessimistic and simply waiting for it to fall apart. I wanted to cry. I kept my mouth shut about it, confiding in her friend Kayla. She offered what support she could, and unappreciated it, but still, that one comment ruined that night for me.
After we got to her house, I went inside, and sat down, somewhat depressed. She noticed. I told her to come over while I was in a chair. She curled up into her usual ball wanting to get comfy, and I explained as nicely as I know how that I understand that she has issues, like Asperger's, and might not understand that some of what she says genuinely hurts, but I wish she'd realize it. I explained this a couple different ways before leaving, telling her that I love her. She cut me off as I ran through it one more time, saying, "It's hard for me to accept that someone loves me when I don't love myself". After telling her goodnight, I cried harder than I have in years in the way home. I wanted her to understand that I was there for her. I wanted her to just try to make a few small changes, because some of the things she said really did hurt.
Well, today, things came to a bit of a head. Frustrated, I explained how the lack of communication was annoying, keeping in mind that school did just start, so it's not like I expect constant attention and communication, because that's not reasonable, and how I wish she'd show some interest. We argued, with her hanging up, and me frantically trying to get back in touch, skipping PT at the recruiting center just so I could salvage what I could of this. I turned around, and went right to the school, wanting to make sure she wasn't crying or having a panic attack. The damage was done. Earlier in the argument, I raised my voice in response to her constant interruptions and her raising her voice. It didn't scare her, but it royally pissed her off. She came out with a friend, wanting to make sure she didn't flip out on me, but we didn't talk. She just drive away. We talked on the phone one final time, where I profusely apologized for everything, knowing that my jealousy, anxiety, and nervousness got the better of me, begging for her to forgive me and give me another chance. She finally replied to why she clicks with Nikki better, and said it was because he was more social and interactive, even though daily, I slammed her, wanting to make sure she was alright with school work, ferrying her dad to work and back (he has a broken foot), and anything I might be able to do to help, with minimal response. When I told her that I know I'm not as good as her friends, and I'm sorry for it, she said she liked it that I was different, but when I asked, "Then why can't we just talk, just a little bit more", she deflected, never answering. She also got mad at me a couple nights before when she mentioned drug usage: She says she wants to try basically everything at least once, where I said that that's dangerous, can seriously hurt her, and shouldn't be done. She says this radically changed her opinion of me. I don't understand what I was doing that was wrong.
She's told me to give her some space, but I truly believe that my relationship with her is finished, and I hate myself for causing it. I should've been more accomodating and considerate, and should've just shut my mouth and kept my feelings to myself. If I did that, if be holding her come Friday, and she'd be over here, meeting my grandmother while I took her to dinner.
Dakota, I'm so, so sorry for sounding angry with you. It ruined us, and you have no idea how much I regret it. I love you, Dakota, with all my heart, and you have no idea how much I want to be the person to help you pick up the pieces, and show you that someone cares. I want nothing more than to hold you and tell you how gorgeous you are, listening to your favourite music and watching your favorite movies. Please, Dakota, please forgive me. Give me another chance.

Anyway..... As you can probably tell, I'm a mess. I'm an anxious, jealous, nervous wreck who constantly ruins every relationship he's in. Right now, all I want is a hug. I just want someone, Dakota, especially, to tell me everything will be alright, because without her, I genuinely do not see myself living for much longer.