Looking for any kind of helpI guess Ill start by talking about my life. Im fifteen years old I am bipolar, am constantly paranoid, have extreme anger issues, and have been in a state of depression for as long as I can remember. Most of this I think comes from my parents. First off I was an accident and thats not that much of a big deal since many people are but I am constantly reminded by my parents that I was and am not wanted. Like me my dad also has extreme rage and anger issues, if you do anything to upset him he will lose it and start attacking you. Until recently I have just taken the beatings but I dont really know what happened but I snapped and started fighting back though I was no match for him and we both ended up going through a glass door. After the first time I fought back I started to notice I would go into a sort of blind rage over nothing and at times would purposely try to set him off. Lately I have been focusing on lifting weights and working out for the sole reason of wanting to be able to beat him in a fight and few weeks ago I was finally able to do it. I got an advantage over him and was able to choke him out. I have had broken bones and many other injuries because of him but I honestly dont know how me or my family would survive without him. Back to other issues now I have never been a cool guy in school and for the most part Im okay with that. I have a group of five  friends that I recently got but even with them I feel alone and by myself on the outside. My paranoia has been screwing with me just as much lately too, Im starting to feel like one of my closer friends is trying to get with the girl that I love even though Im pretty sure he wouldnt do that. I know I shouldnt be saying things like I love someone at fifteen but she is the only person who has seemed to care about me in my whole life. On to the depression now. Because of all the things Ive said already and others that I dont want to say right now I have been in a state of depression for years. Everyone around me knows Im depressed but nobody cares. I have tried cutting before but that was when I didnt want to die so I stopped because of the danger. More recently I have turned to heavy alcohol and prescription drug usage to try and help.  Some nights Ive woken up with half a bottle of vodka in my hands when I know I started with a full one. Nothing helps though, you can try and drown it all you want but the pain and sadness is still there. My cousin like me has dealt with depression all his life. He was born and raised in Russia and he saw his dad get killed by a cop when he was seven and found his mom after she killed herself when he was nine. I know that he is going to kill himself soon and there is nothing I can do about it. More than anything I feel alone and that is where the majority of the depression comes from I know that someone will be upset when I off myself but at what point should I stop considering them and do what I think is right for me. In the last week I have had a noose around my neck about to step off a chair three times, the weird thing is I dont even know what has stopped me from doing it. I have pretty much accepted that one day I am going to end it and its no longer a question of if but of when. Sorry if this is all jumbled together in a weird order or isnt worded well Im just everything as I think of it.