My self image has gotten the better of meI'm not too sure where to find help while under a shelter-in-place order, so this is the only place I could think of without confronting family or friends about it.

     The past year and a half, I have been single. On March 31st, it'll be the two years in total that I have been living on my own two hours away from my home town. I moved for work related reasons and to try and find a better opportunity in a much larger city. During that time, I've found out a lot about myself and have been slowly adjusting to what it means to live on my own. I've discovered I enjoy reading, painting, and other things that try to fuel my imagination, whether it's for fun or as a means of escapism.
     With all of that being said, I still get extremely lonely. About two months into living on my own, my grandpa died June 3rd, 2018. Shortly two months after that, my girlfriend of two years dumped me during my lowest point with the fact that my grandpa was the one who practically raised me, even though I have a step-dad (biological father left when I was young, but we'll get back to that). This sort of led me into a habit of getting drunk as possible when I had the opportunity to drink with friends from my home town just coping with the fact that I live on my own. This continued from about December 2018 to maybe January 2020. I also experimented with psychedelics from the smallest doses of acid all the way to taking around 35mg of DMT to try and find more of a meaning to my life that is most likely stemming from an overwhelming feeling of nihilism. Since then I have stayed away from liquor and now do neither.

     My main source of comfort has been my mom since I have moved off and have been single. Even with every-day contact and making a friend at work, I still feel incredibly alone sometimes.  I've tried going to social events, dating, playing DnD, and finding groups in my area using the Meetup app. Every time I go do one of these things, my scalp will start to itch, I start sweating, then I have to either leave early or stop participating all together from the social anxiety it brings me. Most of the people I have met are usually super friendly. But the thing that bugs me most is that I struggle to find a partner due to a fear of rejection. Since my last relationship, it seems I end up getting too clingy. I try to talk with whomever I'm interested in on a consistent basis. Not texting multiple times asking if they are there or anything, but more just sending an image or asking what they're up to trying to stay engaged in conversation while getting to know each other. This has failed multiple times. Dating apps have not ended well for me in the slightest no matter how many times I try. I've grown/cut my hair and beard numerous times, taken up new hobbies, and try to have as much confidence as possible, but I always get nervous when I go on a date and it probably shows.
     After one person I actually re-connected with, I found out I was just merely a hookup and ended up having a breakdown. I ended up beating myself in the head until knots started forming. Nobody around. Just me in my house. This is not the first time something like this has happened. When my ex-girlfriend dumped me, the moment she drove off, I was in my car and decided to make the foolish decision of punching the roof of my car on the inside until my knuckles bled. Not out of anger toward them, but from the sheer hatred I have for myself. 

     On the 22nd, I was staying at my parent's for the weekend. I was getting  back into that same thought process where I think I'm fat (6ft, 200lbs) , ugly, and all around a failure at maintaining healthy stable relationships. My mom noticed this was bothering me while we were all watching a movie and paused it asking what's wrong. 
     This usually isn't normal. Only her and I would talk in private away from my step-dad due to his very critical nature. Most of the time, it ends up with him being extremely passive aggressive toward my mom and taking it out on her. I was faced with the decision to talk to her in private. The moment we started talking about it, he ended up slamming the bedroom door and them getting into an argument. I finally had enough and told him reasons like that are why I don't respect him and NEVER talk to him about my issues until he gets past the fact that my mom will always come first when I have problems. That was a bad decision on my part because it escalated into an argument where me and him were fighting to keep the door to another room open/closed with me yelling at him to stay away. Once my mom stepped in, a feeling of pure fear and self-hatred came over me and I proceeded to pull two small clumps of hair out of my head without thought. It wasn't an amount to where you can see bald spots on my head, but it was enough to be a cause of concern.
     I fell to the floor once the hair came loose crying harder than I ever have. After it was all over, both of my parents proceeded to hug me and we talked it all out. I couldn't tilt my head to the left or bend my neck backwards for at least two days and it still feels sore. I'm not sure if it was from the stress or when I pulled my hair.

We now have plans for me to see a counselor over all of my behavior and what has caused it to try and find out what is going on with this pattern of violent self-harm. But with the way things are going, I don't know when I'll be able to see them due to the quarantine. There's one person that I'm interested in that sort of knows what's going on because I wanted to be transparent with them, but I figured it might be best to give all of the details when I see them in person since we've been talking for a bit now. I try to think of things to say to her, but when I do, that night has haunted me since and I get depressed, ashamed, sad, and I am hating myself all over again. I feel like a monster for the way I acted and I get thoughts of suicide that I have not had in a very long time (unless un. I wish it could stop. A few friends have been my support system, but if talking to a complete stranger is what I'm going to do, then I figured this might be the next best place to just get some advice. I just really want to know if there's something I'm doing wrong socially or if that's just normal. I want my old life back where I didn't have this amount of emotional pain again.