Things are not going well at all and it is easy to end it allSo I have been having suicidal thoughts for about 2-3 years now. Most of them due to the stress of me trying not to fail in the eyes of my parents (school etc).   

My first way to try and make it go away was to shut myself in my room  play some games, listen to music, get my mind off of it. But that didn't work out as my parents started complaining about me spending too much time alone.

Then came crying. I used to cry a lot and I mean a lot, for 3+ hours, sometimes multiple times a day. It was eventually stopped due to the fact of my mom getting a job where she could work from home more often.

About this time I was really starting to give up hope. There is a girl in my class thay has been depressed and suicidal for about as long as I have. I started talking to her casually about 2 months ago. At one point I got in a really bad argument with both my parents. Within 2 hours I went from happy to angry to sad to having a knife in my hand and cutting myself. After that I had a sort of a panic attack or something similar where I couldn't feel either of my legs so I was stuck in my bed, bleeding. I talked to the girl I mentioned previously throughout all this.

I have major trust and social issues. That girl is the only person in the world that knows the most of what I have done and what has gone through my mind, yet I haven't told her everything. Then things started going bad for her again and kept getting worse for me aswell. We were in a sort of I help you, you help me thing. It worked  I got her to stop cutting herself until she broke up with her ex.

After that she would shut down every single attempt of me trying to makr conversation or to know what was going on with her or to talk about my problems (she claimed that she talks to others about their problems to get her mind off her own). And as I had lost the one person I trusted, it all wemt to shit. It has been 3 weeks. In that period I have severely cut both my hands, legs, burnt myself, cut blood supply temporarily in various body parts and made an exact plan on how I am going to die.

Since I trusted her, she told me about a therapist who is the mother of her best friend (this was a bit after me having a panic attack). I have been there a few times, but I feel awkward and scared every time I go there so I am not going to go there anymore.

Other things that have happenef is my father calling me a sociopath who makes up problems to make life harder for me and everyone else. School getting harder in a day. People starting to notice my strange behaviour in school. Random panic attacks, shaky hands and legs, full body shaking. Fainting randomly. Numbness and then feeling too much (relieved my taking pain killers to be just numb). Emotional sensitivity.

Long story short, everything is fucked up, I am scared  I got noone I trust or can talk to, no friends. The date I am going to kill myself is 15 November. Maybe this year maybe next buy probably this year. I know exactly how I want to die, preferably together with someone, but that's never going to happen. There is more but my hands are shaking so it is hard to type and I am most likely going to cut again to make it stop.

What am I going to do with my life?