Just need to breathe, talk, hear some thoughts from othersHello. Just some quick context before I begin: 30 years old, education, had a well-paying (but really stressful job), currently sitting on a little nest-egg in-between jobs.

But anyway, depression has certainly been an issue in my life for a long time. Ever since the teens. I've had my ups and my downs, and the downs have been horrible. I've been on a couple different medications and dosages... they do take the edge off, but I've never had something completely pick me up or stop the bad thoughts.

And I did eventually stop talking to therapists. Perhaps it was a bad apple in the bunch, but before I turned 18 I had one who had essentially forced me into a week-observation-treatment with the ultimatum that if I didn't volunteer he would call the police and force me into it.

But I've always had strong willpower. Able to walk when I'm dead tired. Able to fight when utterly drained. Suck it up and run another mile. And that's kept me going up until now.

Lately (and I mean the past 6 or so years) I've just gotten... worse. Things I enjoyed no longer brought pleasure. I lost any energy to attempt things. I can't come up with any sort of goals or achievements that I even WANT to aim for. When I try to look into the future, I just see a swirling black fog that blocks my view of the road ahead.

Anyway I eventually I just reached a point where maybe I didn't want to die, but I definitely didn't want to live anymore either. Decided I'd just quit my job and take a looong break. Clear my head. Recover.

But I didn't recover. Oh trust me I feel so much better in my own little "bubble" where I can drown out the thoughts with youtube and bury myself into a game or writing, but the moment I take a break, or try to sleep, or wake up, it's back into the darkness.

There isn't a "problem" or "issue" that I can really pinpoint as to being the cause of my depression or the reasoning behind suicide, other than I just feel like it'd bring me the peace I want.

And so, after 15 years of feeling this way, I started to gather up all the supplies needed. I have a method prepared, I have a note written out, I even have a date set (in this month).

But my mood keeps jumping back and forth every 10 minutes. One moment I'll be calm, collected, and sure that I've thought this through, prepared myself for it, and settled on this course of action. The next moment I'm jittery, unsure, feeling the anxiety I normally get from the unknown whether it be starting a big task or just traveling to a new town.

So... that's where I stand. If there are 10 steps to suicide, I've completed step 9. I want this, but I can't tell if my nervousness is because I'm actually wrong or if it's just "new thing" jitters. I have windows of opportunity for the future still, but the moment I start trying to look ahead I get panic attacks.

I feel like a tightly-wound ball that's simultaneously being stretched in every direction, and I'm blinded to everything.