No one knows but I'm not okayOnce again I m facing down some very dark thoughts.  Everything has been going to hell for me but no one knows how bad it is.  I do not get overly emotional in front of people. I have people tell me how they admire how "strong" I am, how cool I am under pressure, how I hold it all together so well. Fact is though, I'm not okay and I have no one to talk to about it.

Yesterday was a particularly bad day. I am one of the youngest people who work at my institution and I run a grant project that is falling apart through no fault of my own but I take its failure very personally. I'm also having problems dealing with people who don't even work in my department who have begun to spread lies about me (they *are* lies) that call into question my integrity and my work. Fact is though this feels very personal -- the project falling apart and the attacks. I sacrificed so much to get here. I moved four states away, spent several months sleeping on the floor because I took the job without having time or money to move (and with budget cuts I rec'd no funding to relocate), I forced my long term boyfriend who I love and miss dearly into a LDR, and know that I have at least another full year before this project is up and we can be together again. I have no friends here.  All I do is work and watch everything fall apart in spite of my 50+ hour work week and the fact that everything on *my* end of the project is months ahead whereas our overseas vendor (who was  given the contract under the tenure of my predecessor) is months behind in processing our deliverables.

So there I was yesterday suddenly met with all of this, feeling broken and lost, and overwhelmed when I find out my LD BF is having his own crisis which he calls me up at 11 pm and dumps on me.  I help him through it. I talk him down from his edge and then I hang up.  I go to bed alone and bawl my eyes out feeling even more exhausted than I had already felt.

I wake up today and all I can think of is how much I don't want to live anymore. How it is all too hard and how utterly alone I feel in all of this. How my career is going to spiral downhill when everyone realizes this grant project has failed. How much harder it is going to be to find work a year from now when the project (or at least funding for it is concluded). How I have let down people who were counting on me. How I have absolutely no control over any of this.  How any time I try to explain my problems I get platitudes and "you'll get through this" or "everyone has problems at work" bullshit. I can't deal.  378 days left here. I guess technically there is a light at the end of the tunnel but I don't think I can make it. And I'm so cripplingly lonely in all of it.  

Idk. I  "am strong" or so everyone including my boyfriend tells me.  I don't feel strong I feel so small and so lost and helpless. 
