It's getting harder and harder to cope. I'm pretty new to Reddit, but I really feel like I have nowhere else to vent my problems right now. Recently I've been contemplating suicide - I just can't deal with the pressure of my life, I've been struggling for a while, but now its reaching boiling point. 

For the past few years the atmosphere in my house has been stressful to say the least. My sister moved out years ago making me the only child left to share a house with my two parents. It was tough at times. My dad used to be a psuedo-abusive alcoholic - when I was 15 I actually physically fought him in order to protect my mother, my amazing mother, who has always been a source of inspiration to me. His drinking habbits shattered their relationship, and for the past 4 years they have lived together, hating each other, in an effort to protect me from the concept of divorce. I would much rather they did. All they do is argue, over little things, pointless things. So by the time I was 17 my room became my new home, I only ever leave to scavenge food, or to say my daily 3 sentences to my mum, but dont get me wrong - she is an amazing mum, but a workahollic, sleeps most of the day every day. 

That's just the background though, I was content with my life up until around the start of my first year and semester at University last year. I went into it with high hopes, optimistic and excited, I was studying my favorite area (Computer Science) in an amazing city. I was about to be disappointed. I couldn't wait to live with other students like me, some of my friends from secondary school actually lived right next door. But what I got, was the worst case scenario I could expect - I was living in a house with 3 people, completely different from me but similar to each other. I was an outsider. So once again, my room became my new home. I wasnt discouraged at this point though, I mean my friends where just next door right?. I never got one call, and never answered the door when I knocked - they had more or less abandoned me. Additionally both the societies I had joined in an attempt to salvage some sort of social life ended up ceasing to run due to lack of interest. I never went out once in my first semester, instead I sat in my room listening to the people I used to call my friends laughing and having fun just one wall away, all year, thrice a week. 

I was already used to that lifestyle though, I've always lived in my room, with an exception to weekends (I'm not COMPLETELY antisocial, I actually had a close circle of friends before uni, but I feel distant to the ones who chose not to go, I don't see them very often, and almost never see the ones who chose to go to other unis, e.g. My best friends went to dundee and I almost never see him).  

But the main kicker thats coming from my time at University, isnt the social effect. It's the fact that I'm failing my course. I've always had good grades, my whole life - I left school proudly with 6 A's and 2 B's. My parents were so proud. We aren't a rich family, my dad manufactures pipes and my mum works in a mill. They were so happy when I was excepted into Uni, they have always wanted me to have a better life than they've had, and they see this as the way to do it. I picked up my first ever fail last semester, and almost nearly failed to other exams too, scraping by with a d and c. This semester is no different, I'm finding it even harder. And the stress is killing me - if I fail this course I haven't just failed myself, I've failed my family. I am the only ever to go to further education in my entire family tree. All eyes on me. 

In all honesty, I'm surprised I've made it this long. The only thing that has kept me on my feet, and gave me strength was my amazing girlfriend. She is the only person I've ever met that has ever really understood me, and I cant even count the number of times she has prevented me from self harm, or brought me up when I was down. She's not like any other girl, she's one of a kind. I've never been able to open up and love someone so easily before. She's also bipolar, and had experience with intense depression, and had went through things that no human should face still coming out stronger in the end. Whatever her ups or downs were it didn't matter to me, to me she wasn't bipolar, to me she was her, so real. The girl of my dreams. We started going out after a mutual agreement after we became best friends last May and that summer was the best of my life - we were crazy about each other, every 2 days we would meet and have so much fun. Not a minute was wasted. But everything started to change when I had to move away for Uni.

More specifically, I changed. Despite how much she tried to help, times would come where I would snap at her for no reason, without warning. I lost touch with myself, with the person she fell in love with. We over 3 months we went from being a couple who couldn't be mad at each other, to one that was always mad. She was experiencing similar difficulties in her life, with work and family, but I was to selfish to realize that I wasn't exactly making anything better by coming to her and putting my problems on top of that. 

She was my pillar. And last week, I'd finally done the impossible. I'd managed to make my perfect girl disappear. She decided that we had to end the relationship, and she was right. I'd basically turned into a monster, and she made the right choice to get out. But like a monster, I decided to attack. The next day, I woke up angry. I didn't know why, I've never felt less in control of my emotions, I didn't even have a reason. I'd break out into tears over nothing, and snap at anyone over anything. And I know this is cliche, but I wasn't myself - something came over me, and I don't know what it was or why. I went onto Facebook, and blamed her straight up for the relationship, and said she was trying to walk out of my life. She was done, she blocked me nd ceased to reply to any sort of contact. I wrote her 2 letters of apology and tried my est to explain it. But she still doesn't want to see or speak to me probably ever again. And I cant blame her. I had lost the most important person in my life in the space of 2 days, and I cant even stand to look myself in the mirror anymore.

That's my story to date. This is the toughest time I've faced in my life and I don't see anything getting any better anytime soon, only worse. There is only so much more I can take, I feel alone, and weak. 