I’ve been abused all my life. I need help. I want to die.As I type this, I am not suicidal, but I was last night.
I guess, for some form of clarification or history on all of this, which is a doozy, I’ll probably brush over all of it. 
And fair warning, this my first post on reddit at all, so I’m very brand new to this.

When I was seven my “stepfather” moved in with us, which is the start of my personal hell. My earliest memory was hearing them scream at each other at night, and my stepfather throwing the TV remote so hard into the Television that it broke it. When I was young, I assumed that it was a one time thing and that everything was still fine. Middle school started and the pressure to succeed  from my family materialized— as soon as I started getting letter grades my mother started pressuring me to do the best I could. She would yell at me if I got anything below An A, She’d tell me that I can’t get anything below that or else I would be a failure. I started getting bullied, and my parents didn’t care. ‘Kill them with kindness’ was the only thing they’d ever say, but nothing more. They didn’t help me when my toxic friend group started pushing me around because I was so passive, or when kids started ignoring me. I had to deal with all of this by myself between the ages of 10-14, and my home life was nothing better. I should touch here and say this is around the time I met the person closest to me, my best friend and basically my sister. We met online when we both were incredibly young, we’re really close. Ever since they got married,it’s been bad. Arguments became nightly for a while, and sometimes they got physical.‘Dad’ would bend silverware completely in half, he’d knock things over (he once kicked a chair into my leg by ‘accident’). He’d throw entire plates of food made by my mother against the walls, and at the dinner table he’d scream at us kids and we’d be forced to sit there and eat. The late nights were even worse, nothing but screaming at each other and us kids had to endure it. A lot more happened but I don’t want to say every single occurrence that happened at my second house. These events are a lot more recent, they started happening when we moved to our latest house, when I started high school. Things have gotten so much more physical, and I have had to be involved a lot more. I’ve been forced out of my room to watch my mother hit her husband dozens of times, watch him throw her Down to the floor, I’ve been screamed at, called names, and my brothers have started hitting me. My mother has gotten worse, too. It feels like she only takes care of me for the idea of having an ideal ‘daughter’, that gets good grades because I’m too afraid of her to not. I’m like a trophy, not a child. She even is trying to control my future life. She is trying to force me to get married and have children, I’m not even out of high school. 

All of this has given me problems. When I was ten I started feeling constantly upset, melancholic. I started getting nightmares of what happened. I’m constantly on edge, paranoid and I can’t really be anywhere without constantly checking around me for any kind of bad signs. Recently things have developed worse, I can’t go into a dark room without being stressed and feeling like I’m going to get hurt. Whenever anyone raises their voice in the slightest I flinch. I get panic attacks. I can’t do much without panicking, feeling terrified or shutting down completely. Even simple tasks give me these problems. My life is full of constant anxiety and stress, an unhealthy amount that is incredibly damaging. I can barely function without anyone with me.My friends were the ones who told me I was being abused, and that I was witnessing domestic violence. They also told me that I could be suffering from mental issues.

I’m always constantly thinking about what would happen if I was gone. I’m already so broken that it’s pointless to keep going, because no matter what I’m going to be haunted. I want to die, and recently I’ve been romanticizing about doing it by heading to the nearest bridge. I don’t want to, I have friends I can’t leave behind, but at the same time I do. I want to help myself but I’m trapped by my family. I don’t know if I’m going to make it.
 