I'm trappedI don't know why I'm here, what the point of letting people vent here even is, or why I should expect anything remotely helpful from doing this. All I know is I'm desperately hurting and I've not had even the slightest chance to voice it.

I moved to Alaska at the start of the pandemic, the extra unemployment was an opportunity to escape from an abusive life with narcissistic parents that never once thought of me enough to realize that for my entire life, all I've wanted is to die. I have no willpower, I have no desire, I don't want to be here, I don't want to exist. It took me 4 attempts and 10 grand in debt from failing those other 3 to finally escape from the worst state in America. Now what?

I'm not alone, I have a couple friends, but that has only put more pressure on my shoulders. I'm running out of money thanks to the government's complete lack of care for its citizens, I've been trying to get help with my massive issues with my mental health that have gone neglected for over 25 years but I just can't afford it thanks to the private healthcare system, and I have ideas that other people could spin into success because honestly, it's kind of easy here, there's openings to make blasphemously successful businesses and I realize this with ease, but just dragging myself out of my own bed is nearly impossible.

How am I supposed to go back to a regular job knowing that I'll always be miserable, my debt will never get paid off, and I'll probably never be able to afford the healthcare I need? How am I supposed to continue sitting here miserable when I have people depending on me for more than I'm worth? Not to mention, I'm supposed to be entering a way tougher job market by now where people are more serious about their careers based off my experience, how the fuck am I possibly going to pull that off? I can bullshit an interview and make my resume look amazing, but I can't punish myself day in and day out in another job because my mental health issues will never let me work consistently to the amount of time people demand just to get basic insurance that still won't let me afford help based off my math.

I'm tired, I'm sad, I'm barely fucking alive anymore. Without any passion I can't even convince myself to go back to trying to secure a job I loved like working in a lab. Without what little willpower I have I can just barely stave off the constant desperate desire to just kill myself and forget about all the other responsibilities. I want a life, I want to be happy, honestly I want the fuck out of this country that despises its citizens and despises people who don't bust their ass to bring other people way higher up some money while the employee barely gets by check to check. I had friends I cared about before the depression ate those feelings too, I wanted to be in the Netherlands where I felt I could make it best once before my depression ate the only fucking thing I loved, which was researching anything and everything. 

This post isn't going to go anywhere, I know that, I'm ranting and raving like a fucking madman at a white box that maybe some people will read, some will even try to help in some way, and still others are actually going to feel miserable just off the pain I'm feeling that can translate through text at least somewhat and that honestly makes it even harder to type, harder to make myself face sentience this fucking long because other people like me are going to feel even worse if they see this and it resonates. There's no happy ending here for anyone to look to, especially not in America, eventually I'm going to be completely out of money, put in jail for being homeless, let everyone around me fall because they have no other choice but to rely on me, and I'm going to snap my own fucking neck in a cell. I suck at real life, I'm fucking terrible at surviving, I can't even figure out how to fucking apply for food stamps because it's not on the page with the other benefits for [alaska.gov](https://alaska.gov). I can't even fucking manage the most basic fucking task like that and yet I'm going to spend another 20 years fighting desperately to stay afloat? It's stupid, there's not even a remote chance, everything I loved I can't even feel anything for anymore because all I ever feel is a constant throbbing pain that wants to swallow me whole. Nobody gives a shit, it cost me $800 just to ask someone at the fucking hospital if they could get me a list of resources to try and contact. It's been months and insurance hasn't even looked at my application so I'll be missing the appointment that even came from that $800 just because of that.

Why? Why do I have to do this? Why do I have to suffer every day of my life with feelings that nobody wants to understand in a world that doesn't give a shit about others? If I was even just born anywhere else, even in some fucking third world countries, I'd get more support than I do in what too many damn people still believe is the greatest country of all time. Why am I stuck sitting here with a soaked face, screaming internally, staring at a fucking white screen and pressing out whatever comes to my brain for a post that I'm almost positive is going to get removed for something I didn't read because I just needed to fucking do this for one small bit of sanity? To maybe just hear someone say life sucks and then we'll both go on with drowning in this fucking mudhole feeling slightly better because someone else is just as fucking miserable? I certainly can't do that in real life, anxiety fucking ruined that chance to make a connection, so maybe xKillMeXx saying same bro will give me at least that little fucking bit of levity. And I don't even fucking want it, I'm not going to appreciate it, it's going to make my pain redouble and double again because I know for a fucking fact that it will accomplish absolutely fucking nothing. I'm trapped in a life I hate in a society I hate in a country I hate in a world that makes zero fucking sense, not that I need to push myself into the fucking philosophical thoughts that were already torturing me when I was fucking 11.

And I won't even kill myself. It's so easy, I've come so close to snapping my neck several times, I can just push myself to the edge where I feel the pain that's about to come, I can tell myself how absolutely easy it would be to just apply a little more pressure, but some dumbfuck part of my brain says no. I've got reasons, sure, everyone does,  no one who is around right now has stayed alive just because suicide bad. But nothing would make me happier than to just be able to end it, cause as far as life goes for me it'll never get anywhere. It'll never get better. I'll continue to lose the few friends I have because I can't even make myself care enough around them, meanwhile I get even fucking worse because I rely so desperately on that basic human connection that I'm cutting more and more out of my life with barely any control. It doesn't matter if I'm intelligent, it doesn't matter if I'm clever, it doesn't matter if I'm strong. The depression eats everything alive, even the small amount of pride I once felt for that shit, and eventually it's going to eat me. And yet I keep typing. And I keep typing. And there's zero fucking point but I keep typing. It's not even remotely a sensible fucking post but I keep fucking typing. And I want to stop crying but I keep fucking typing. And I'm so fucking scared that someone's going to barge in to the place I'm staying basically fucking illegally because I couldn't get an apartment approved while I had money and now there's no money left and I'm still fucking typing instead of doing anything to solve my issue. 

I know I need to get a job, I know I'm going to hate myself for all eternity, I know that I need to go fill out the Section 8 paperwork so that MAYBE in a few years that'll pay off. I know I could open skillshare and flesh out a marketing career or build websites or become whatever the fuck I want if I can just squeeze out enough money to barely make it. Maybe I can even become successful. But it doesn't matter because I'll never feel the passion that made it worth becoming a lab tech to begin with. It's gone, much like everything in my life, and I have nowhere to go back to. Once I run out of money here I'm going to die, I know that, and I'm hardly able to make myself try to extend my stay. The pandemic didn't ruin my life, it just made a ton of other people realize how shit the world is around them. I was fucked from the moment I was born in America with a chemical imbalance in my brain. And much like my parents, nobody ever cared. Not the teachers I went to, not the therapist my mother had to get so she could get child support, not the people I've tried to reach out to over the years. Some false companionship on here is all I have I guess. So I'm here typing.

This post isn't going to make it through anyway. Even if it does, it doesn't matter. Spam the comments with F just to make it feel like someone cared enough to do that much for me. Thanks. I don't know what else to say.