There is no point in living. I hate my life.I'm young. I hate my school (uni). I had no father growing up. I immigrated to another country when I was 16. I have no friends. I have no family currently in the country. My gf is an idiot that doesn't give a shit. My family thinks I'm a good muslim boy when I'm a semi alcoholic and atheist. If my mother finds out about that she would be totally destroyed. So i have been living this double life for quite a while. I have a shitty minmum wage job. I had ambitions but they're unattainable now. I feel bad all the time. I workout and do yoga. Have seen some improvment to my body but still absolutely HATE it. I hate everything about myself. I hate how there are no easy ways to commit suicide. I hate how I am ugly. I hate how I dedicated this summer to improve myself but still failed miserably. I hate everything. I hate how all I want is a friend. I hate how I can't get that. I hate how I stopped talking to all my friends througout the years. I miss my old self. I was confidnet little high schooler who thought life after high school is going to be uber cool. I hate how i spend all my time on this stupid website. I hate every single thing. 

Why am I posting here anyway? What else other then to get some attention lol. So fucking stupid. I mean holy shit if I'm such a little faggot at 19 what the hell am I going to do when I'm 30 or 40 or 60?

Why is it so bad to commit suicide anyway? Things might improve? So fucking what? Hell even if I had a great life, what IS the point of living?

I tried reading camus and it's bullshit. There IS no point in living. So why continue living in suffering? I know I know my problems aren't THAT bad, things might get better or whatever. But who gives a shit? No one in my life does. I'm just a whining little bitch that desrves to die. 

The idea of death is beautiful. The whole notion of non-existence really appeals to me. I'm thinking of going sky diving and see if I'll use my chute. How beautiful is that? Then I'll know if life is worth living or not. 