Thinking about ending it.This is going to be a long story, so if you don't feel like reading a lot then you are free to leave this thread. 

My whole life till i was 16 wasn't a shitty life. But because of my parents, my life was very restricted compared to other families. My parents are very religious and dont talk much with me about anything but about the eternal life after death, God, and my grades in School. I dont know if anybody can relate, but when all your parents do is ask you about your grades, (when they aren't talking about god) you feel like you don't mean much to them. Of course i know they love me, and i have a restricted life because of them being overprotective. But when they only talk about me having good grades, and scolding me when i get an average grade, then to me it feels like they aren't there to support me in times when i am down. Before i was 16 this was my life. Whenever i felt sad i had nobody to talk to about it. My parents never were the family to talk about these emotional problems and therefore it feels weird to talk about such things all of a sudden when it has been like this my whole life. I have a brother, but we aren't close, we rarely say anything but hi to each other. all of this made all of my dark days even darker than they should have been. I had nobody to talk to about the ''deep'' stuff and thats why i went into gaming. I played alot of games, i did this to escape the problems i had in real life. Outside the virtual world it was shit, and that's why i kept playing. When i was about 16 i met this girl. I had just switched schools, and had gotten into this new class. She was like Godsend, it wasn't love at first sight. We just connected on so many levels, as our personalities were similar. Long shory short, we got together, in a relationship. We had something going for a year, i was afraid of commitment so i didn't want to make it official, but i loved her so much so i confessed and we got together. It was the kind of love where your partner is your best friend AND also your lover. We made many great memories together, and she changed my world. We had then been together for 2 years, i am grateful for our time together, but we had many problems in our relationship. We were both jealous and it destroyed our time together. We had gone on-off on our relationship, breaking up and getting together again because we loved each other so much. But it didn't work, and in the end we broke up. The reason i am telling all of this is so you can tell how much i love her and how much she means to me. She was my whole world and whenever i had some problems with my parents or just whenever i felt sad about something, i would talk about it with her. She was my best friend and my lover. In our relationship something happened which destroyed me, she cheated on me. She didn't have sex or kiss him, but she had been physical with him and had betrayed my trust, which was as heartbreaking as kissing him would be. I saw that she was really sad about it, and had many regrets about it and said she would do anything to get me back. It made me take her back, and we repaired our relationship despite my future trust issues about her going to parties. I told her to delete that boy everywhere, be it instagram or facebook or whatever. I wanted to terminate any connection between them, as i obviously was mad, sad and felt betrayed. But she was my whole world, and i saw that she was really devastated about it, so i took her back. ALL went well! We had a great time and made many loveable memories together. A few months after the cheating incident we broke up, a normal and mature reason, we realised it won't work out as we have tried for along time but our jealousy could never stop, so we ended it. We agreed upon that we would respect each other and not do anything with the opposite sex for the next couple of weeks because it would destroy us both as we had been together for 2 years and we still loved each other. Oh well, 1 day after she added him on facebook AND texted him. I dont know what they wrote together as i dont want to invade her privacy and because it probably would rip me apart. I asked her why she had added him on social media everywhere RIGHT after we had broken up, and she just told me ''its just a facebook friend''. But i knew something was going on, my instincts told me something just wasn't right. But as we weren't together anymore, i couldn't make any demands, so i left it be. 2 weeks after i see her with him, at a party, holding him and kissing him and whatever, everything that i had done as her lover only 2 weeks ago! i couldn't take it, i talked to her about our agreement. You know the one about not doing anything with the opposite sex for the next couple of weeks as it would rip both me and her apart. I know our agreement might not have been a mature one, but it was something we had agreed upon and something we both wanted. I talked to her about the agreement and she told me she was devastated after losing me and needed someone to ''replace'' me, and she chose him because she knew he was interested in her.... It devastated me, that she couldn't respect how it would make me feel, that she broke our agreement, and that she chose HIM. The guy she had once cheated on me with!! it obviously ripped me apart and i cried everyday. And i told her, why it felt me sad. And she was understandable! So we made another agreement, i begged her to stop seeing him just for some time so i could cope with our breakup and all of this. So i could move on better. 2 weeks later, it was new years eve, i had a hunch something was going on, so i called her, i asked her if she was with him. And she lied at first,telling me she wasn't, but then she said '' yeh i am, and i broke our agreement because i shouldn't think about you any longer''. She had then kissed him at that new years eve party and probably had sex orwhatever with him. Obviously we weren't together anymore, and as i said i couldn't make any demands. I could only tell her how sad it made me. That was 15 days ago, i had a shitty new years, i read some subreddits about time healing everything but i dont feel slightly better at all. I feel as shitty as the day we broke up, which as about a 6 weeks ago. I have nobody to talk about, i have been harming myself in many ways, drugs, pills, cutting. But i am too much of a pussy to leave this life behind as i am only 18 years old. I have nobody to talk to about it, as my male friends arent the type to talk deep shit about. And my family never has been an option to talk about that stuff. I had been suicidal before her, but it wasn't bad, as i always would resort to playing videogames and escaping my problems. But now i can't even do that. I have NEVER felt like this before. I feel both physically and emotionally destroyed. I am on the verge of crying every second every day, but i don't as i put on a facade to mask my problems and not make my family and friends worry about me. I dont enjoy anything anymore, i have no energy left, i can't even play games to escape it anymore as i cant even enjoy it. I feel empty, hopeless, without purpose, as my life-purpose for 2 years had been making her happy and feel like the most special human being on earth. I dont know what to do with myself, i am restless, i cant even go for a walk without crying. I cant sleep, eat properly, i constantly have the thought of her naked being fucked by this dude she is constantly with right now. I am emotionally fucked, and while i have been told that time will heal all things, it really isn't helping me at all right now. The worse time of the day are the nights and mornings. I can't sleep at night as i am alone in bed with my thoughts, and that is why i cry every night and always think about how i have been replaced. How ugly i am compared to him. What i could have done better to have kept her. How much i hate myself. How disgusting it is to see her kiss him, and imagining them having sex together. I would have been much better off if she had chosen someone else, but she chose HIM. I feel like i have an empty hole in my heart, every fucking second. It isnt getting worse, but it isnt getting better either. Emptiness, self-loathing, self-hatred, i feel so fucking ugly, betrayed and the loneliness is killing me every day. I don't think i'll ever get the balls to physically kill myself, but i do THINK about it everyday. I have just resorted to thinking ''hey thats part of life, and many people have it worse than me'' to motivate myself, but it isnt helping much. I know why i feel this way, it is because i have lost the most important person in my life, my best friend AND my love, and i have lost her in a matter of days to the guy whom she cheated on me with. But what i need is advice to move on or deal with it somehow, as i cant go on living like this. I feel like im living in deep black pit, i cant climb out of, and the walls are moving further inside, suffocating me. I feel drowned in negative emotions and it is affecting my friends and schoolwork and of course my health as i cant even enjoy the simplest of things. To cheer me up i watch comedy movies but this is only a temporary method as it lasts about 1 hour before i feel like shit again because there is a kissing scene in the movie. For christ sake i can't even get horny and masturbate without thinking about HER. Feel free to comment whatever you like and im sorry for the long text. My first language isn't english either so please dont hate on my grammar.