I’m having really bad urges right now.There is a lot of pressure in my left now and people (“friends”) have been making judgements about my relationship with my girlfriend and saying I should break it off with her while she is in another country. Because obviously she doesn’t know what type of loyal and honest person I am and it’s bullshit to put up with what she put me through. 

Some back story. I am dating someone I work with (I know that can come with issues) A work colleague that I talk to a good amount but I’m not friends with was saying weird stuff to my girlfriend. He said to her that now that she will be on another continent OP can hook up with other women and you won’t even know. She played it off and joked that she could do the same. 

Right before she left for her trip she brought it up and mentioned taking a break for the ten days she is gone so “You can finally fuck all the little bitches you obviously want to fuck.” She was completely serious. She yelled at me and told me to leave her house which I did. She called after me but I ignored it. It really fucked me up hard because we were good until this moment. She texted me from the car while she on the way to the airport and apologized. She said that her anxiety became too overwhelming and did not mean it. She said her anxiety makes her irrational and causes her to jump to conclusions/make conclusions that aren’t actually there. She said she knews the guy was not serious and was just being weird. But the whole event has my mind racing and has put me in a really dark place emotional since she left for the airport at 5pm on Thursday (east coast of USA). 

I had multiple failed relationships before this and I really thought/think she is the one. I really need to talk to her about it and get some support or resolution from her. We really didn’t get a chance to talk at length because she was driving and needed to focus on getting the directions to the airport. I can’t talk to her about it because she has spotty service where she is and I don’t want to ruin her vacation. 

I have been thinking about suicide since Friday morning. I feel trapped emotional and my mind is racing. I just want to get out of the living hell that is my brain that has been torturing me for years. I want to know that everything is okay. I just want a life that is not a constant bumpy road where every good thing I have or get gets shattered into a million pieces by other people’s meddling. I want my mind to stop racing. I don’t want to feel like suicide is my best option but in the present moment I just want to turn it all off. I could finally use the peace and quiet. I know this will probably go nowhere and I don’t expect to get any real support but I needed to vent. 

I am not going to anything now but if it continues I can’t guarantee myself that I won’t try to attempt this time.