The pain inside of me is so unbelievable. I don't think I can keep doing this much longer.How do I stick it out with these constant urges to die? I spend hours every day thinking about the best way to kill myself. But I can't bring myself to do it because I don't want to hurt my family. It's just getting so much worse lately that I don't know if I can stick it out for them much longer.

My disordered eating and related thoughts have become so obsessive lately. I'm losing weight but it's not enough. I feel so bad when I go over 500 calories. I had exactly 800 yesterday along with my 30 min on the elliptical and it just feels disgusting. I want to go lower but when I try to eat very little I end up throwing up my meds (I can taste them coming up). 

I'm trying really hard to not purge because I read that it doesn't even help you not absorb the calories so there's not much point but for some reason I keep doing it anyway. And I also do it at weird times like when I'm really upset even if I haven't eaten recently. It's hard though because I feel the fat growing on my arms and hips after I eat and then i need to get it to stop growing by getting the food out. 

And the exercise. My depression makes me weak so occasionally when I work out I'll pass out after. It's happened only a handful of times but I did accidentally fall off the elliptical once when I fainted. So my mom has been working from home and supervising me and only letting me do 30 min. It sucks and I feel so guilty. That's not enough calories burned.

Now, and here's where I'm hopeless, my doctor just prescribed me seroquel. I already had genomic testing done and it said that this is unlikely to work for me but whatever. My issue is that it's probably going to make me gain weight. It can mess with your adiponectin, leptin, and ghrelin levels, not to mention, increase appetite.

I cannot gain weight. I just lost 15 lbs. my doctor said if I gain 1 lb back we'll stop it, but what if I gain more than that during the week?

And then I come across all the stuff online about how much fat people should die and kill themselves and stuff like that and... Maybe I should. I'm a woman and I'm overweight. I keep reading that this is like the worst possible thing to be and honestly it really does suck. I used to be a healthy weight and ever since I gained weight I'm treated so differently. But I've put all my energy into fighting my depression for most of the past decade. Also my weight has yo-yo'ed. I tend to go back to normal when my depression goes away (which is rare and doesn't last long).

But like it's so hard to fight depression and fight my weight. I cry while I work out. It doesn't make me feel better at all. I feel like I'll never get back to normal if I take this med and gain weight. But how will I get better without the med? There is no winning. So I think my time might be up.

I also got a card in the mail today from my mom mom saying she misses me and it says "how does spaghetti sound?" Because she loves to cook for people and I guess she wants me to come see her but... I can't eat that. I would have to throw it up. If that's not a sign then I don't know what is. I broke down and cried so hard when I read that. I love and miss her so much and j just wish so hard I could eat and enjoy her spaghetti.

I know all of this is so incredibly trivial and I'm sorry to spend so much time whining but the pain I feel is not trivial. It is so intense and just... Unreal. I can't even describe it because words don't do it justice. I wouldn't wish this pain on anyone, not even the man who raped me. 

I hope this made sense. It took me almost an hour to type out in between fits of crying. I'll try to reply if I get a response but I'm really at the edge here and I don't know that I'll make it through the night. I'm okay with that but I don't want to be so I really need someone to convince me otherwise. Please 



Edit: the urges are starting to get better. Thanks everyone. 