I hate being weak.I hate being weak. I want to be strong. I know what it takes to be strong, but I don't have the energy. 

I'm happiest when I wake up and have a cup of coffee, then after an hour or two my energy drops and I feel like there's no way to make my situation better.

I'm currently only part time employed. I work in a very small company cleaning houses that have been left in disarray before they go back on the market. I need the money, my bank statements are in the negative, but the work hurts and I dread going back. I'm not strong enough for it.

People tell me I'm smart, but I feel like the way I think or look at things hurts me. I know there's more beyond our universe, but it isn't God. Reality isn't theatrical. Everything is a perception of our brains, there is no soul.

I live in a ghetto, and I don't have friends that understand me or the way I think. Using big words is impressive to them and selling drugs is their idea of nobility. I want to go to college, but I don't even have money for a car. 

I want to learn how to drive, but nobody can teach me for free and I'm afraid. I'm a nervous driver because I understand what is happening. A several hundred pound vehicle is going very fast. I'm afraid of hurting people. 

I like and hate drugs. They're my only escape, but they only make me worse. I stopped taking them but now I want them again. 

When I was a child my parents put me on medication because I was too rowdy. I hate them now, even though they try to be nice to me. I think that's what caused the chemical imbalance in my brain, and I hate them so much for it. 

I use to be really fat and bullied in highschool. I wanted to kill myself several times but was too afraid. That feeling of being afraid is almost completely gone now.

I'm not fat anymore cause when I moved out of my parent's I decided I could just starve myself. It wouldn't take any effort and I'd be skinny. Now I am, I'm even called handsome all the time, but I don't feel like I worked for it. I still feel fat and gross on the inside, no matter what people tell me.

I want to love someone, but I'm afraid of opening up. I was only loved by someone once in my life, and that relationship is gone because of the way I was as a teenager. I don't think I deserve love. I'm a burden and offer nothing but problems, I wouldn't want to impose that on someone I cared for. 

I'm so tired, all the time. My thoughts race so I need to distract myself, all the time. I like going for walks and listening to audiobooks, that's the only way I can really distract myself long enough to relax. I liked listening to audiobooks at the gym too, but I can't anymore because my job hurts my body so much. 

I'm 22 and only just barely graduated highschool because I hated going so much. I've never had a job I can be proud of and I feel like I've already proven I won't become anything.

My most comforting thoughts are of suicide. I'd like to OD. I wouldn't mind dying at my happiest point. I wouldn't have to hurt my friends with the knowledge I wanted to kill myself either. They'd just think I was reckless. 

I want to cry but I don't think I can anymore. I want help but no one should have to burden themselves with me. I want to help but I don't think I'm good enough to do so. 