27 - Thoughts?I'm a male I'm 27 and I've done drugs in the past 24 hours. Now I sit back down at my computer, at my parents house, and start on my second beer. I was a hopeful lad, great at baseball and a seeming knack for "just getting it". I counted the girls that liked me on my fingers while taking a poop. That was like 3rd grade. 

I had orthodontics for 10 years and even though I didn't decide for myself that I wanted to do the treatment, or perform the treatment, I feel the blame for the negative results and  think the whole thing genuinely fucked up my life. I feel the blame for the process because to some degree or another I do feel that we are responsible for "our cards". Call it Karma. I still want to blame others. I should have had better follow-up and guidance during the orthodontic process. After all, I started when I was 8. 

What went wrong was that I was a boy. I didn't like to take showers and I didn't like to wear fucking headgear or retainers at night - so I didn't and being young, what could go wrong? Mistake. 

My transition to my freshman year of college was greeted by a lovely surprise. Because of my orthodontics and sparse retainer use, the way my teeth came together shifted and started wreaking havoc with how I hold my jaw. My jaw started jutting forward producing an underbite, which was new to me. Picture this - Here I am freshman year of college, supposedly the most socially engaging and fun years of my life, and I have a lower jaw that's growing like Pinocchio. 

I totally freaked and even though I made attempts at being social, it never came naturally and increasing jaw tension and attention on the jaw only made matters worse.  At this point I started becoming increasingly reclusive. All social situations were an uphill battle and subconsciously I couldn't wait to get out of them. I know as a culture we're socially stunted - my big thing is that I'm special because I really had it bad with this. I started to recognize that every conversation I started to have turned into me introspectively judging how my jaw looks to that person. This feedback loop of increasing attention to that region and genuine orthodontic fuck-up, only increased my jaw tension.

I turned to Buddhism and meditation. After finishing college I started living at Buddhist monasteries. There wasn't much responsibility, and there wasn't much social interaction, but enough to suffice to the idea of being part of something and moving forward. I did this for a few years and became quite a skilled meditator because I was disciplined and motivated enough to only escape to meditation - not to videogames and other stuff (porn). Because I grew up in an upper-middle class family the blueprint of being successful is as-good-as hardwired into me. I needed to prove to my family and friends that I could make it, and I needed to be good at meditation because it was/is the only thing I have faith that has genuinely produced earnest positivity in human beings. Well this push/pull of western and eastern ideology in your mid-twenties is probably going to be a shit-show and I haven't proved any different. I went as far as becoming a monk for a year and have lived in monasteries for 2.5 years out of the 4 since I have graduated. The other time I spent hiking the Appalachian Trail, and moving to DC - failing pretty badly at getting off the ground in job or social aspects. 

Now I'm 27 and feel like I'm being spoon fed a hot coal of bitter medicine. Jaw problems aren't just jaw problems. Our teeth and bite have a whole shit-load to do with how the neck and spine co-operate with eachother. When things are out of whack with your bite, it can throw the entire spinal chain off in ways we don't really understand yet. The body is an unbelievably complex and connected machine. This has only increased my jaw tension and I had an X-ray done for confirmed scoliosis in my back. I'm 27, and the bitter medicine is that barring a miracle, I'm not turning this physical decline around. That's the gut punch. Ever since 20 I've always thought that I'd get through this and be able to communicate and socialize and get pretty girls and do all the things that I was promised... That's never going to happen, and in all likelihood my body is only going to turn more and more into a prison. 

I don't have any trade skills. I don't socialize. It just seems bleak when I put it down and lay the facts out. I've been home at my parents for over a month now and my habits are vaporizing. I'm lost, I'm paranoid, I'm unwilling to try new things. I can't go forward, I can't go backwards, and I can't stand still. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;