I keep imagining myself drowning or getting hit by a car.I [26F] don't know. The last few days all I do is daze out and think about going under the surface of the water, whether it be a bathtub or lake, and it becoming black and quiet, and it'll all be over. Or driving to and from work, I wish for another car to come out of nowhere and hit me, and it'll go black and quiet.


I can't really talk to anyone about this. My little sister has tried several times to end her life. It really stresses me out, as I am her rock. I can see the pain it puts my family through. So I would never tell them my thoughts.


I've been pretty low lately. I hate my job. It's so stressful and shitty. But I can't even find anything that would pay me the same, or anything that would be a better work environment. I was recently married about 4 months ago. I guess before then I had something to look forward to, but now that honeymoon period is over. I've been with my husband 6 years. We've been working for a really long time to getting a house and having kids. It seems like we will never be able to get a house. It's at least 2 years away. And he tells me he doesn't want children until we get a house. Which I didn't realize I would want so bad. When I see other women with their children, it physically hurts. I'm sure that's not normal. Maybe hormonal. Or maybe I'm just crazy. 


So I'm stuck in a job I hate, just holding out hope that maybe one day it'll be enough to finally have children. But until then, I just have to keep going.


I also have really low self esteem lately. I've always been really self conscious. I've always been overweight my entire life, which I have gotten used to. I've been fortunate enough to have a decent face. But I don't know. Sometimes the self hate just gets worse than normal.


It all came to a head when I found out last week that my husband has been addicted to porn our entire 6 years together. I should have know because we only have sex 10-15 times a year... which was always super crappy for my self esteem. But this has knocked it down to a whole new level. I thought before that he may only have a low sex drive... to find out that he was actually taking care of himself and looking at other women just kills my heart.


I've never felt so low. We're working on it and he has been as supportive as he can be. But I'm so hurt. The other weird thing is, I am also strangely sexually aroused. Like... I want him so bad... but I feel like part of that is because I feel like I need to claim him back, or something... which is really confusing and makes me feel fucked up.


I don't know. My head is constantly swimming. I feel paranoid because what if he doesn't stop? What does that mean for out future? This could possibly prolong us having kids. I don't want to be with someone that chooses porn over me. I want to give up. This is too hard. And I'm sure this sounds like no big deal compared to what other people go through.


He says things like, "I want you bad!  Especially while abstaining myself." Which makes me feel like, he never wanted me before... and I'm honestly not really sure he ever has. I don't know. I feel trapped and worthless. I'm sorry. I just needed to get this off my chest.

I have looked up therapists in my area. I've gone through depression and therapy before, and it did help... but I've also had bad experiences with therapists. And I feel too embarrassed to talk to anyone about this. I'm sorry. I just needed to get this off my chest.