Problems with Alcohol, Depression, and Suicide.I'll start out  by saying that it's not so much suicide that brought me here but the nature of this sub seems to be what I need right now.
I was suicidal yesterday and almost any day after a night of drinking but it has subsided since then because I haven't drank anything since yesterday morning, and I was able to recover most of the way by sleeping until 4pm today.

I have a serious alcohol problem. Not the mouthwash kind, but it's pretty bad. Even just watching a movie where people are drinking makes me want to drink. I feel like I'm missing out on something if I can't have a few drinks (which always turns into black outs). 

When I wake up the next morning it's bottom of the barrel. I begin to have extreme anxiety and depression over the previous night over trivial things. I'm always worried about what other people thought of me and how stupid and embarrassed I feel. There have been days that were so bad I couldn't help but just cringe the entire day. My mind would run wild and I would just feel this indescribable feeling of hating what I've done, even if it was nothing. 

I've done a lot of stupid stuff too. Put myself in danger, wreck my grandmothers car, lie to my wife, hid it from everyone while I put on this front to the community (which I currently serve on the board of), and much much more. I literally want to just hide in my closet sometimes. 

I know I need help but it's really not all that accessible right now because I live in a rural community and there aren't really any support groups here or anything. Plus, in such a small community I'd be forced to expose my true self.

I tend to tear myself down and feel sorry for myself even though I've done this to myself. I have almost committed suicide but I never can because of my children who are 4 and 7, but the depression can be overwhelming. The other night I was blacked out (because I don't remember) and my wife told me I said, "you need to have the kids out of the house when I blow my brains all over the wall." It's these moments that scare me into thinking one night I won't even be in control of my own mind and just never wake up. Which in turn would leave my wife and children without a husband and father. 

That's not everything but enough to start out I think. Does anyone have any encouraging words or anything to help me feel like I can still be the person I really am?