I feel like everyday is getting harder and harderNow before I say much I wanna establish that I am not clinically depressed because I've never gone to a therapist and also I think depression is just a little too serious for me to have at the age of 17. I wouldn't like to insult anyone actually having depression by saying that I have depression because I really don't have a reason or diagnosis to think so.

Anyway, I'll give the short note here:
I was groped by a guy who worked at my house twice and I still cry about it. That was 4 years ago.
My ex-boyfriend forced himself on me, not fully but enough for me to tell him "no" and he wasn't listening to me. I was also forcefully dragged into a dark alleyway by a "friend" who was 18 at the time and kissed forcefully and also put in like a physical lock so I couldn't leave. I was 15. Plus, now I'm in 12th grade and will have to find a college soon but I don't have anh interests. I can draw and everyone keeps forcing me to join fashion designing but I don't want to because I don't like it. I wanted to be a singer but I cannot sing. There's virtually nothing left for me. I don't wanna join art or music and I have no academic or political interests. That eliminates everything. And I'm stressed out and to the point where I would rather just die and than to face the disappointing faces of everyone when everyone is off to college and I still haven't figured it out and god knows that they don't take it very well here in India. Here you HAVE to go to college after 12th, no exceptions or going after a few years. So I'm pretty much ready to die.

Anyway those are just the things that happened to me and I felt weird typing it out to strangers so I hope nobody trolls me lol. 
These things have taken a toll on me through the years as I didn't feel as strongly about them back then as I do now. They really make me cry every night and feel disgusted in every single way. But these things don't compare to the guilt I feel for what all I've done to the people I love.

Well for starters, I'm very rude to my friends and I make cruel jokes at them. They know I'm joking but now I just feel bad. I feel like they don't like me at all and don't want me around them.
Secondly, I've broken up a group of friends I had. I had a very big group of guy friends 4-5 years ago (my boyfriend and the other guy come from this group) and they were all boys and I was the only girl in the group. I don't know how or why but suddenly 4 of them had a crush on me. (Mind you I'm not cute at all and like I said I'm rude and mean so I really don't know what they saw). Anyway, one of them became my now ex-boyfriend whom I mentioned earlier and I kind of juggled between the other 3 and I feel horrible. They eventually because of that reason got jealous and hateful of each other and the group broke up but not in a traditional way. We still hung out but it was just not the same anymore. Obviously I caused that by being so indecisive and, mind my language, hoe-y.
Then I broke up with my then boyfriend and got with a friend who had a crush on me (from the group) and he is the best thing to ever happen to me. We are sti together to this day and he really loves me and appreciates me...I'm not sure about it anymore though. You see, I am a horrible person and I did a horrible thing to him even though I love him the most and he is the best boyfriend ever. (We have a long distance relationship and that's important because we usually talk over texts and calls and meet once a month)

In 2016 we moved to another place and I made some friends at school. I started talking to this guy as friends because he was my classmate and we chatted once in a while. One day the conversation just hit the fan and got really weirdly sexual but we were joking and just laughing about it all. Now I realize how weird that was and how it was cheating.
So anyway, a few months ago J wanted my boyfriend to read a chat so I gave him my Instagram password. He opened my ID, read the chat and we were cool. Later though, naturally, he checked out my ID while I checked out his. He found that chat and it's weird because I had a load of conversation after that which was just normal but I don't know and why he scrolled that much into the past that he found it (I guess he was already suspicious?). So he found it and confronted me about it in a very non-confrontational way and he said he was very hurt. I told him it was a joke and it can be seen in the way the friend and I were replying to each other. But obviously he was upset and his trust was broken and I apologized profusely and did everything I could to make things better and eventually everything went back to normal..kind of.
So a few days ago we were chatting as usual and I noticed that since a few days he wasn't like responding to anything sexual about me or like if I sent him a picture or a text like that. I asked him and he said he can't tell me the reason but he just doesn't like to sexy anymore because it makes him mad at me. I was shattered but I already knew why he was saying that. Then after a few days I asked him to tell me the reason and I was right. He told me it was because of that thing and I apologised and he said he understands I'm not that person anymore but that he just can't do it over text otherwise it reminds him of that and he feels disgusted. Understandable. I was so very sad and upset and felt guilty all over again.

But here's the catch, since a few days, things have gotten somewhat better between us and he assures me that he still loves me but I know he's lying. The guilt and regret just keeps on getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Now I can't take it and it's not even the fact that he doesn't love me because I know why. It's just the fact that I wod hurt someone like him who has helped me through everything I've described in the second paragraph and has made me a better person, the realisation that even though I did not intend to do it, I sti very much cheated on my own boyfriend when I preach that cheating is the worst thing ever, and the fact that no matter if he leaves me or things get better, nothonf will reverse this action of mine and things and trust wi never be the same again. That's the worst part: it's irreversible. 

Lately the guilt has gotten to the point where I want to die. It has mixed with all the experiences and actions of mine from the past and now I don't even want to get better, I just want it to end and die. There's no solution, I don't want a solution I just want out. Nobody will care after I die because I've successfully hurt and betrayed everyone that ever would care. Nobody will miss me. Nobody even likes me. I don't hate my appearance as much but it's not good. I don't love myself in any way because of all the things I described. 

All I want now is either a solution as to how I can die painlessly because I'm a coward or just a reverse button to everything. 

I just typed to vent and I've told this all to my boyfriend and he tried his best to reassure me that I'm wrong and that whatever I'm saying will get better but I know it won't because the only way it can get better for me or for me to make peace with it is that it never would have happened and that's impossible to do. There's not way for me, only out.
So I don't know what responses to expect from anyone if I get any that is but just:
1. Don't tell me to tell my parents as they won't listen and I don't want to share my private stuff with them as you can see this is all very weird to tell to my parents. Plus my brother almost tried to kill himself last year and we are still dealing with his depression to be dealing with mine too. Plus my mother is very tired and sad in her life, I don't wanna make it worse for her I already do enough of that everyday by being a horrible child.
2. Don't tell me to go to a therapist as I can't without my parents and I will have to tell them then which I don't wanna and I don't want to get better as I said before because it won't change anything about my guilt. If it was a trauma I wanted to recover from I could but with guilt there's not much to be done. 
3. Don't suggest trivial things like "go out more" or "talk to your friends" and stuff because it doesn't help and if you know how that works, you know.
4. Please don't make it any weirder than it has to be. I was already embarrassed about typing this because of all the things I've done so please don't say anything to that. 
5. Don't be mean about my boyfriend or my friends or my family. They're all amazing people and you're not anybody to judge them. You can criticize them (if there is even any criticism) over the details I gave but nothing from your side as you don't know them.

I know all the things I listed are just teenage stuff and all that but I just needed to vent and get some support as my boyfriend didn't do a very good job because obviously he doesn't wanna talk to me anymore. 
So yeah... thanks.