How to deal when your only friends are toxic friends? Never been so alone.I am a freshman in college at an out-of-state university campus, and I am having a really rough time socially and mentally. I thought I made friends when I first got here, but they were not who I thought they were. 

One, we'll call Marie. At first, we were amazing. The best of friends. We really clicked on a lot of things, and even made plans to live in the same apartment next year. Eventually, however, it became clear that I was only a placeholder for her true goal: having a boyfriend. She told me flat out that "you will never be as important to me. I'm here to find a person to marry." She's a real peach, as I'm sure you can tell. She only is around when she needs something and only is able to ever talk about herself and how **horrible** her life has been. But she thinks she's a godsend, and when you're not actually needing support, she's happy to tell you she'll always be there because she's such a great and giving person.

The other girl, Aspen, got really mean one day for no reason. Turns out she was a compulsive liar and had fabricated EVERYTHING she ever said for the first few weeks. It was really bizarre. She is honestly the only person I can say that I definitely *hate*. 

Anyway, I have been dealing with some major clinical depression for a long time, but it got so much worse in the last few weeks. I have been running a mile every day and trying so hard to meet people and make new friends, but it's just not working. Friends were always really important to me, but my friendships have always ended badly. Tonight, I broke down. My roommate is gone, and I am all alone. I texted Marie and said "Please come sit with me. I have never been so alone." And she replied that she simply didn't want to, and plus she had some homework. It was pretty feeble, as I have the same amount of homework as her (of course, we're in the same classes) and plus, it's a Friday night. And the worst part? Everyone else on our floor is wrapped around her finger and it's pretty clear that she's spreading some rumors about me. I really really don't know what to do. Especially since I am set to live with her next year (at least it's a 4-person apartment!)

I know she's only making it worse for me, but right now, but right now, even this is better than being completely alone. I have just been crying for the last few days, at the drop of a hat. I don't have the energy to go to class, and I have never felt so alone. Please, I need some advice or just some love.