Her Birthday is coming upI have been dealing with some issues over the last few months that have really heightened my depression. But more than anything, the love of my life walked out of my life. I have never been with anyone else, nor would i ever want to be. I have built my entire life up around her and our future together. I know its ridiculous to put so much emphasis on one person to the point that your life revolves around them but thats who she was. She was more often than not the reason for the smile on my face, she was my reason for getting out of bed every day. I have never met someone who impacted my life like she did, everday was a chance to be a better man for her. We had been fighting recently and it has made things worse for me, and we were at a wedding at we got into our worst fight yet. She has cut off all contact with me, told me she wants nothing more to do with me, even though we fought, i didnt think it was as serious as it is. Now her birthday is coming up in just under 2 weeks. I dont think I can make it through it without her. We had plans to go on this amazing trip, just the 2 of us so we could get some more zoos off of our bucket list and just spend some time together. She and her family and friends have told me to have nothing else to do with her and i dont  think i can go on without her, nor do i want to anymore. Everyone is going to tell me that theres someone else out there and im sure there is but they arent her. I never thought anything would ever have an impact on me like this has but i have done everything i can. I have sought out counseling, I have surrounded myself with loved ones who i share openly with, I have started taking medication, I have cut out all alcohol and marijuana to try and get a hold of myself but evertime i close my eyes, the only thing that brings me any solace is the thought of the cold steel in my mouth. I have held off for as long as i can for the sake of my loved ones and the hopes that maybe it will get better or maybe ill get to hear her voice one last time. I know in my heart that i wont survive her birthday. I have already wrapped a gift to leave her before i do anything so that hopefully our fight is not the last memory she has of me. I feel so lost. Love is the only thing that has ever mattered in my life. Not my career or my hobbies or anything else but who i get to share it with. Im deeply saddened by the amount of pain i am going to cause everyone around me but at the same time My heart is broken. I am going to surround myself with loved ones on her birthday but i already fear that i will sneak off into the night and celebrate her birthday the only way fit. I feel like an old widower who lost the love of his life. If you by some chance ever happen to see this red, just know that none of this is your fault. I am simply not strong enough at this point to fight it anymore. I will always love you as my wife and i hope you dont let this change you, you are gonna change the world. I love you.