Parts of my mind tell me to do it, again. (Am I going slightly bonkers?)So, I was relaxing from a bit of a hectic schoolday by browsing reddit and a bunch of other sites, feeling quite content that the weekend is coming up.

Then I stumbled on an article written by the Kinsey Institute by complete accident (found here in case you are interested http://www.kinseyinstitute.org/resources/FAQ.html#Age), and since I often read the article from start to finish, I did read it...

I guess if it wasn't for a very busy week doing several presentations, studying for an AP Chemistry test (Got my first E this entire schoolyear on a legitimate test for it.) and finally playing an evening Concert, I would've brushed it off like usual. But because of I was in this stressed, anxious state (Mostly due to the bad grade on that test) I didn't.

I must've stared at that screen for probably 10-15 minutes, but in my head it was different. I swear I heard 3 or more different parts of me: My normal self, telling me, like usual, "It's fine, it'll happen eventually. Focus on keeping yourself happy like usual." Then there was the darker, logical part of me that said, "You are seeing those statistics. YOU should be in those statistics. That's what you're meant to do. You're an organism, and YOUR function is to pass your genes on, NOT being happy. That's human ideals and morals, not nature's."

Worst of all, the one thing I didn't want to think is this...
"You will never get a chance, and never should have in the first place, just end it, it's not worth it. You're probably going to doom your kid to the same fate you had, too."

While I am definitely not going to do it, I'm slightly scared now and have been trying to keep myself busy and not viewing that link at all, or any references to the topic at all. I mean, I've heard from multiple people here that the part of the mind that suggests suicide is very minor and the average person doesn't act on it. However, right now I am listening to music, reading something, doing some schoolwork, just something so I don't think about it for a while. My dad at the very least knows that I am somewhat depressed, and I think I should go to my counselor again. Or am I just overreacting from the anxiety I had over the week?