What's the use of me being alive.I've never really posted to reddit before. I might have done it once but I don't remember anymore. My university treats me like a criminal because I have borderline personality disorder and they're convinced I'm going to hurt someone. I can't get out of bed anymore, there's no use. I want to die with everything in my being, but it's eclipsed by my wish to make other people happy. I don't care what happens to me. I'm a worthless, fat, ugly girl with no redeeming qualities. I've been sexually assaulted before - multiple times - and I hate myself because the only thing I could think is that I managed to finally do something useful by letting someone use me. I've been abusing opiate painkillers for months just to feel the float. I'd do any drug put in front of me no matter what it did. Cocaine? Sure. Heroin? Yeah. Krokodil? Fine. Faster death. I want to feel alive again. I have no money, I can't graduate college, my mom has the same disorder and flits back and forth between loving me like the best thing in the world and telling me she's never wanted such a horrible, disgusting daughter. I love my family, but when things get bad, they're terrible. My dad has always been there for me, but he doesn't understand that there is something wrong with me. I've tried to get help, but it seems to boil down to people saying i'm just just lazy and making excuses. My grades have never been good, but my therapist in high school always said I was depressed because of my grades and that If I busted my ass to get grades my depression would disappear. I believed it was true. Was it? I don't know. I tried so hard. I really did. I swear to god I did. I'm just too stupid. Nothing changed. My only brother hates me and he always has. The rest of my family knows nothing about me and doesn't care to. My life has been filled with people telling me i'm not good enough. Nothing i've ever done has made someone proud of me. I'm nothing. Look at me now. I wouldn't blame you if you were reading this with contempt. My family never had much money, but what little money after family tragedies were used to take me traveling around the world. I've been clothed, i've been fed, i've been to a baker's dozen of countries, i'm not in an abusive relationship (that i'm aware of), i have a car... I'm just a crying, spoiled child. yet, I only use for my life now is to be a person to make others feel good. I'll give up everything I have for them. I have no reason to stay without them. I don't understand how my boyfriend could even say he loved me, regardless of if there was truth behind it. I can't stop eating or he gets concerned and I eat just so he won't worry. I want to sell my body but I'd never betray his trust like that - I love him. I don't understand how people like me. I hate everything about myself. There is nothing about me that anyone you grabbed off the street couldn't do better. I am a failure. I wish everyone would wake up tomorrow and hate me from the bottom of their hearts. I love them all dearly but somehow also resent that they care for me so much. I can't leave this place because I don't want to make them sad, but I am not happy. I smile and joke and no one suspects a thing. Everything i used to love; Music (I used to be a violinist and solo vocal performer (soprano)), video games, reading, movies, friends... Nothing is fun. Nothing makes me happy. My whole life is just a parade of lies so everyone is happy and no one knows. I'm a dishonest, disgusting liar. If they woke up hating me from the depths of their souls tomorrow, I could finally do it. I could finally just make everything stop. I don't care if the afterlife is floating in endless darkness for eternity. No one would have to suffer from my presence. From my failures. From my lies. From the frustration of feeling like I'm //trying// to get their attention when they see the scars of what I've done to myself. From the disappointment they feel when I cancel plans a day or two in advance because I just can't get out of bed. I'm toxic for everyone in I come into contact with. As long as I am alive, people around me will suffer. So why... Why do they want me here? They say such nice things about me that aren't true. They say they love the person I am and seem to really like me. I don't understand. I'm so frustrated, I don't understand. What could possibly be good about me being alive?