I'm a toxic person and can't hold on to relationshipsLittle backstory, I grew up with divorced parents, constantly talking smack about eachother and fighting over me. I ended up manipulated away from my mother (according to her), where my father had me alienated from by "abusive" mother. I was also convinced that I should not be taking ADHD medication which has honestly helped in terms of school and a little bit in relationships. CPS and dealing with the court system was a normal part of my childhood, but thankfully I repressed most of those memories. I was in counseling and therapy for 8 years because of this.

I had quiet, kept to myself, and had no life or friends throughout high school other than those I smoked weed with but I landed a good job doing what I loved after graduation and had lots of disposable income. I was in a relationship with the only girl I talked to in high school and was about to take her to prom, but we broke up beforehand and rekindled it after graduation. I had lots of material things but still my only friends were my pot smoking ones with some low-quality relationships here and there.

For a majority of college I was single, and had a few short-term sexual relationships and hookups. Most of those girls have me blocked now. I see it as we worked the relationship past its expiration date and it became toxic. I also experimented with LSD a few times and partied like there was no tomorrow. After all, I had a good, stable start to my goal career, a BMW and a 2019, and still lots of income for a teenager to have. Life was good.

After a couple years I decided to move away and start a new career in the military. I broke up with my girlfriend on good terms, rekindled my relationship with my mother, stopped doing drugs, and started my new life.

I thought it was off to a good start. I met new people, tried being a nicer, happier, more confident person. I started maintaining a healthier lifestyle minus the military parties and vaping. Trying to be a more positive, optimistic, and approachable person.

But the relationships I make with girls are fucking me up. It's gotten to the point where most women and people around me believe I'm a psychopath and some crazy fucked up, sickening person (I've been called these by women when it doesn't work out, and old best-friends). It's like I lose control of my emotions at a certain point in romantic relationships and become toxic, I overthink and over-analyze everything. And once the relationships is ruined I realize what I lost, and then can't explain why I acted a certain way.

I can't figure out what had actually happened. Whether they were or I was the toxic one in the relationship, but it's them breaking up or letting me down easily all the time. I feel like I can sense if I'm about to get hurt, and that I should leave the relationship but I ignore it and believe it may work out. I feel like I can sense when they fuck another guy, and it causes traumatic dreams for multiple nights. People agree and tell me that I'm falling apart but I don't see any of this. I try not to resort to isolation and just keep trying with other people, but I don't think I'm getting anywhere.