the pinaccle of pathetic existencelet's just preface this by saying i am not in any real danger of killing myself, so if don't bother and instead go to another post with a) someone who isn't a coward and afraid to die b) a life actually worth saving

im sorry if this is incomprehensible but it's 5am where i am and i can't stop thinking. ive tried to write similar things and pen down my feelings before but never once without rewriting and stopping and rewritin and stopping until i delete everything. so ill just type now.

im supposed to be meeting my girlfriend tomorrow. my best friend of three years i dont know anymore. im terrified. i have been keeping her in the dark for a few months now. i havent told her anything of how im feeling and whats going on in my life. ignoring her enough and telling her just enough. i havent been to school in more than a month now, and to her everything is perfectly normal on that front. but obviously shes noticing something wrong. admittedly because im not trying that hard to keep things from her. i desire and crave knwoing people are concerned about me, the sick bastard that i am. so i jsut check in my phones whatsapp at ungodly hours like this once in a while to give a little slip, and message nothing but sorrys when im feeling like shit and not replying. she wants to know whats going on, so it was arranged that we meet tomorrow.

i dont know what i should tell her. on one hand i have no problem revealing to her my now daily grind of masturbating day and night, sleeping at 4am and waking at 12pm, hardly leaving my bed and desk except for whatever food i can find in the house.and i realise as i am typing this im making it more pathetic than it sounds. again,  i just crave sympathy and whining about how shit i have it as an entitled and infinitely fortunate dick. again this is not the part im having a problem with telling her, id nfact twistedly love her shower me with concern over why ive been sinking down into depression.

the part im afraid to tell her concerns my post history. this is the part where you transition rom a slightly pitiable sick fuck to someone you would persuade to kill themselves. not that you'd need to do the latter. and while iknow perfectly well my girlfriend doesn't deserve this shit i do and treat her like, im still afraid to let her know. and im tired of having to tell incomplete stories and lying to my therapists and it's ust going to be worse even with the worlds most understanding girl.

just look through it, and add a necessary multiplier to my already fucked up scumbag score.basically, i spend most of my time now away from school in bed, and i never do go out except to take voyeuristic shots of women. then its back to my bed and the masturbation grind. it's the only ting i remotely look for so much as calendar events to put down. looking forward to the weekends where malls are crowded with scantily clad women. oh, and don't forget occassionaly getting tired of jerking it to the usual ass and discernible panty combo, and firing up my sizable collection of child porn. yep. i dont even know if im a pedophile, or just stuck in my 12th grade fantasies of barely maturing girls. of course claiming to be simpyl attracted to tiny 14 year old breasts just sounds like a weak excuse now for my pathetic self. especially when i can't deny that i too have jerked it to whatever age i happen to find in my collection when i get bored with the usual. oh, and don't forget to combine the two unforgivable sins together, in some doubly illegal shots stored in my computer filmed by yours truly.

sorry to ruin the pity party. i kind of cheated by presenting my most fucked up traits and skipping over my depressive symptoms and shit attitude and refusal to quit and how easy it really is for me to turn my life around yet i choose to be this ungodly piece of fuck as a second choice to immediate swift painless death (guns are not readily available here alas). oh well. 