I just kind of needed to rant.I'm writing this and posting this on here, not for attention of any kind or anything like that, but because I feel I have no other choices, no other places or people to turn to. I have read every post submitted on here for about the last 3 weeks, and most everyone in the comments have just been so nice and gave people such good advice, I decided to just suck it up and make a post. Sorry that this is so long.

I'm 20 years old, and I do not remember a day in my life where I didn't want to kill myself. I sometimes pray I get an illness that kills me, so if there is a heaven, I'd still get into it. It's awful.I'm such a sick person. Ever since I was a baby, I have been physically and emotionally abused by my parents and my brother. I was told i was worthless, a fuck up, a disgusting fat pig that deserves to die, and basically every horrible thing you can think of every day and minute of my life. When I was really young, about 5 my dad took me down to the river then screamed and begged me to go drown myself and telling me if I didn't, he would make it his life goal to make me kill myself. 15 years later, he is still going at it strong.  He has told me I am not his daughter,he will never walk me down the aisle at my wedding and if I bring his future grandkids around him, he will beat them and tell them to kill themselves too. He also thinks from what a fucked up person I am, he cannot believe none of my friends have pointed a gun at my head and shot me yet, and of course that the moment he saw me at birth, he wanted me dead. I recently moved out, to live in an apartment alone, that my grandma is paying for while I finish up school, but I can't help still feeling like I want out of this life. I have a boyfriend that also puts me through a bit of emotional abuse and manipulation, but for the most part, is a good guy, but frankly... he is all that I have. Whenever I try to talk to him about how I feel he says "DON'T SAY THAT, YOU DON'T FEEL THAT WAY", and ends the conversation. I wish so much that I didn't feel that way, but I do. I have tried to talk to my mother about it and she pulls the whole "OH GOD, what the fuck did I do that I would wind up with such fucked up kids, I'm not a bad mother!" and never helps me at all. I have tried doctors(I guess I have manic depression), pills, and counselors, but I just feel like my hate for myself is too strong, none of it worked. It's just so hard living day by day wanting so much to just be dead. I wish so much that I could just smile and be happy, but I can't. I have no friends to cheer me up (i'm ridiculously shy and have trouble talking to anything that moves), and my boyfriend lives two hours away. I have self harmed my whole life, and have attempted to commit suicide more times than I can count, always stopping myself, not because I'm scared to do it, but because I don't want my grandparents to have to be the ones to find me. I just need some advice, or a friend, or just something. I don't know. The pain and strength it's taking to not just take the easy way out is starting to overpower. Please if anyone has anything they can tell me, advice, or just anything. Thank you all so very much. 