I feel defeated by life.5 years ago I left the love of my life because he is an angry alcoholic, and I could not live, much less raise our child in that environment. FWhile we were apart we remained friends and talked often. I saw him doing well, treating the girls he had dated like queens. Fast forward 3 years and I realize that I never got over him, and we end up back together. We are living together when we have our first big fight, he was drunk, no our son wasn't there at the time. This was about a year ago, He leaves, drunk as a skunk and goes to pick our son up. When they get back our 8 year old comes in to tell me the cops are there. He went to jail on his 4th DWI, this time also charged with child endangerment. This was just two months before I start graduate school for social work and will be interning at DHS. 

He makes all the usual promises, and does great for a shot time. But it's a cycle that I am all too familiar with. I am an educated woman, I know a lot about addiction, abused woman syndrome (emotional abuse only, and only when drinking). I've supported him through all his legal troubles, I am of the thought that nobody can beat addiction without someone on their side, someone that believes in them. We have been through that cycle many times in the last year, I cannot tell you how many times we have had the same conversation. 

The thing is I still love him deeply. I still believe that he is the love of my life. I tried for 3 years to stop loving him, and I failed miserably. The ONLY reason I am still alive today is for my children. He is working nights ATM, and our son cheers when daddy has left for work before we get home at the end of the day. The thought of living my life without this man in it is unbearable. But we are living almost like roommates at this point, working nights can really fuck up an already fragile relationship. 

I have suffered from depression in the past, but now I am experiencing a low lower than I have ever been. I do not see any point in going on. I'm miserable with him, I was miserable without him. Again, my children are the only things keeping me here at this point. This level of darkness scares me, but I am currently in grad school classes, and this is not a program that you can just jump back in where you left if you leave. Instead of graduating May 2017, I would not be able to return until Fall 2017. And I have worked my ass off in this program, so quitting absolutely not an option. I guess it is the one thing that gives me some hope for my future. I am not at a point where I am actively suicidal, but I'm afraid that point isn't too far away. (Btw, I am already on 2 antidepressants and have tried most everything out there. )  I cannot help but think that not being here would literally end all my problems. 