I feel lost without my suicidal thoughtsI basically tried to kill myself two years ago and I swallowed 50, maybe 60 pills. I don't really know why but I threw them all up again without telling anybody. I probably wanted to do it because I bottled all of my feelings and problems up for years, hurt myself physically and never talked to anyone about anything, even until this day.

I didn't try it again after that but I still despise myself in the same ways, I still suffer from the same things as back then and I still think that suicide would be a reasonable option if I feel like it (not that I'm highly suicidal, just that it is something worth considering if it came down to it)

But since I have neither the urge to kill myself anymore nor anything that fulfills me and makes me happy (a hobby or something), I realised something... I just feel lost and completely empty without the endless inner conflicts between killing myself and not killing myself. 

They kept me awake until late at night, to the point where I would just fall asleep out of exhaustion. Then getting up in the morning just 2 or 3 hours after falling asleep, wishing I was dead and my misery could finally end. Wandering through my day to day life while constantly thinking about the 'what if I did it'-kind of scenarios. I felt horrible. Definitely the worst time of my life. But I feel like I wasn't empty back then, just in a hell lot of pain and conflicts between myself. Ever after the failed attempt I've just been feeling empty. The pain is still there and the problems too but I feel like they don't matter anymore. 'Why care?' is what it feels like and it disturbs me, because everyone my age around me is starting to move onwards in life, while I don't even know if I should get up and get going.


This is longer than I expexted it to be but this is also the first time I really tried to put this mess into words. As you all probably know, it's hard to put ALL of the feelings and thoughts into words so this may seem a bit chaotic but I tried my best.

Love y'all and thanks for your time❤