I am done.I'm over it. I do not want to live anymore. I'm tired of trying to do my best and life seems to constantly deal me shit hands. I first became depressed when I was 13 (am 24 now). I went through most of secondary school with depression because various amounts of different people bullied me. Once I finished school at 16 I thought it would get better but when a new door opens in my life I feel like copious amounts of shit comes with it. 
I'd always had a reason to be depressed or to cut myself, up until a year ago. 

Last summer was *really* hard for me. 2016 was a shit year for me, the best part of the year was when I went to a music festival. I'd taken a fair amount of drugs at this festival and once I got home to my family, the comedown was intense and made living at home real shit for a week, after that week it didn't get better. The festival blues are a real thing, mixed in with a comedown and already underlying depression was not a nice combo. My relationship with my parents deteriorated a lot and I was on the brink of becoming homeless. 
I moved out of my parents house as it was become homeless or eventually commit suicide. I moved in with some friends and had such an incredible couple of months. Things went south with a housemate and there was a lot of tension and a lot of arguments. We had some other peeps move in and everything's great, I've never actually been in such a good home situation in my adult life before. 

I don't feel particularly depressed, sure a bit down but nothing to what I've experienced previously. I hate this world, I hate our species and I hate our existence. This whole world is driven by money and your life is gonna be fucking terrible without it. I'm done with working a shit job for bog standard money and getting shit on left, right and centre by bosses. I want my life to amount to something and I know it never will. I can't even find a man that's attracted to me and wants to be with me. 
I'm finding it harder and harder everyday to come up with a reason to carry on my life. I don't want to upset my family. The thought of that breaks my heart but I'm physically and mentally tired of trying to fight the same battle after 11 years. 

My family don't deserve the death of their daughter and my friends don't deserve a death if a friend. I can't carry on this way. 
I'm sorry that this is long. I can't tell anyone this. 