Is Therapy Safe?Here's the deal, four nights ago I was, for the first time in my life, overwhelmed with impulsive suicidal thoughts, a blend of escapism such as sleeping forever sounds good and feeling like a failure, family better off without me kinda stuff. There are situational reasons that triggered it. It was a physically painful overwhelming urge, chest hurt, sick to my stomach, scared the absolute shit out of me. I've never been more terrified in my life cause I don't actually want to die. Even sadder is I turned 31 today.

I honestly have a pretty damn good life, no sob story here, life has just thrown me and my family some major life altering never be the same again, punches in the last 30days, it's kinda of been this neverending string of horrible news. Then I get smacked in the face with some of my own persistent failings, and it was like a switch, bam. It was just this broken record of I can't seem to fix me, so the best solution was to take me out of the equation.  How easy it seemed to be able to act on that was insanely scary and I never realized the physical exertion these type of attacks could cause. 

I stared at the suicide hotline number for three hours, gave my self melatonin to try and make myself sleep it off and crawled into bed with my husband cause I felt safer next to him while he slept then on my own. I ended falling asleep waiting for my turn on the hotline chat.

The next day I woke up less ... Frantic, might be the best word, a bit zombie like, made myself go through the motions, take kids to summer camp, and go to work. That night I told my husband, he said all the right things, hugged me like my life depended on it, cause maybe it did, and asked me to consider therapy again. Which I've considered for my anxiety and low self image before but put off for mostly time and money constraints. Clearly I do need therapy. I want help.

Everyday has been better since, still have a bit of the squeezing feeling in my chest but I felt pretty normal today. I been looking at a lot of options, my issue is if I tell a therapist I had suicidal thoughts for one night are they gonna direct me towards a hospital to have my self evaluated? That's an absolute no go for me. The thought of someone trying to have me committed makes me want to avoid therapy all together. I can't even express the level of anxiety that gives me. I won't seek therapy if that's the result.  I'm almost phobic of being controlled, if someone stuck me in a mental ward, i would placate. I'm very good at figure out what people just want to hear.  I would play along, just to get the fuck out.  I absolutely do not trust hospital staff to be understanding or compassionate, I expect it would be far more traumatizing and probably no help for someone with my personality. Not to mention the cost is not worth it.  I just want a therapist without that hanging over my head. 

So anyone up for demystifying this for me? What happened when you told a therapist you had suicidal thoughts?