desperate and tired. sick to my stomach. i will miss them.This is all going to seem really fantastical, but it's really happening. If you doubt it, just, please leave... I really don't need/want to argue about the validity of my situation. Thanks.

In April, I was let go from my job. I was promised I'd be kept on at the end of the business's season, and allowed to start training for a higher position, I was however lied to, and like a said, ultimately laid off.

I have a GED, and my A+ Certification under my belt, and after looking in my gmail sent box last week, I've estimated that I've made about 150 calls, and sent out over 800 resumes via emails, still nothing.

I applied for unemployment, food stamps, and medicaid for my pregnant wife, and now almost 3 yr old daughter. I was given all three... but the unemployment payments were and still are very very little. I get about 150 a week. Our food stamps are enough to keep us fed. But the unemployment has mainly gone to pay our electricity, and buy needed items for our daughters, diapers/blankets/clothes etc...

My wife gave birth to our second daughter last week, and I couldn't love any of my ladies more. My wife and two daughters are my world... and I'm letting them down.

on the 8th of the month, (3 days past due on 600 dollars of rent) we recived a letter from our landlady... she advised us our lease is up, and she's tired of working with us on being late with rent... she we had til the 23rd to be out, otherwise she'd go through the eviction process. On the day of my newborn daughter's birth, my mother called her and advised her we need more time... she agreed to let us stay til the 31st. 

I have still not paid her for the month of July. And have 3 days to get out of here with nowhere to go, less than 75 dollars, no one available to loan us anything, and no hope of finding available services from the state as i was informed yesterday that waiting lists are 2-4 years long right now.

My parent's don't have money to help, or a place that we can stay. They simply don't. We tried last year before I landed the job I was laid off from in april, and they were threatened with eviction for letting us live there for a little while.

My wife's mother and father are divorced and live in different states. They've offered to help in the past, but only to the extent of helping by giving my wife and daugters a place to stay, not me. My wife refuses to except that offer without me being included.

I'm ready to just... let it all go. To just take a couple more of these pills, and fade out. I really feel like my wife would have more opportunity to succeed in life and with these little girls, if it weren't for my constant failing. We're so close to being homeless... should i just disappear and do it? should I do it tonight when they all goto sleep? will her parents really help her if Im gone? 

I know it would break her heart, and it breaks mine to think about it... but I dont see another way. If we become homeless with nowhere to go... the girls will be taken from us. theyll be split apart and put in homes where people make money from babysitting orphans and call them self foster parents.

I want desperately to fix all of this, but there's no way, I've turned everywhere I can think to. I've exhausted everything. And I'm the only roadblock in her way to getting into a stable environment by her choice alone.

I'm so tired of this.... mentally and physically...

UPDATE:
---------

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. 

I don't really know how to take all of this in... it really is astounding that people I've never met would take the time to care for me and mine. I've received an offer of a financial loan, that should get us into a place, or let us continue where we are. 

I've looked at the links you've provided me, and have already taken steps to get help from some of these programs. 

Most importantly, I've taken the advice of people and realized how devastated I'd leave people where I to act on the things I stated above. I'm actually more ashamed that I can really convey here that I even thought these things, let alone posted them online. 

I told a few of you via IM/Emails/Replies and such that I actually have a meeting with the local mormon church tomorrow night. Hopefully they know of a place that we can get into without me having full time employment right now.

Thank you again, and should anyone have questions at all... don't hesitate to email me or talk to me on gtalk.... smashthings [at] gmail dot com