I don't really know what to do with myselfHi, sorry if this is the wrong place for this. I have been depressed for 5 years now with off and on suicidal thoughts the whole time. I started medication in November. So since I was 14 I've felt worthless, like a big loser, and like no one likes me. I always have flakey friends who say they care then disappear and I can't help but think it's my fault. They are usually like me: depressed, lonely, oddly mature considering their age. Then after I help them feel better for a few months, they disappear from my life and completely alone. I'm a fat, lazy guy who girls tend to view as just a "friend". Recently I was dating this girl for 4 Months...honestly the happiest 4 months I can remember, I hadn't thought of killing myself the whole time. She was my rock, my inspiration, the straight up best damn girl I've ever met and then....it all ended surprisingly. We were happy too, we were perfect matches in almost everyway, disagreed on things but nothing deal breaking. **But** her parents considered me a loser and piece of shit because I'm clinically depressed and have anxiety so they tried to push her away from me. I'm 18 btw. We ended, I immediately spiralled into a pit of sadness because the girl of my dreams dumped me. We were still friends clearly still in love but she got deeply depressed because of her parents pressure and guilt. She now wont talk to me because she thinks it's better that way. I'm failing my senior year of highschool, my dad hates me (and no that's not dramatic, he genuinely tells me I'm his worst child and that all my depression is because I'm a piece of shit.), All my friends just ignore me and I feel all alone except my 2 best friends, and one is moving away soon and the other is going through stuff and will probably drop me soon. I feel like maybe death is just my destiny, sooner than normal. Maybe I should kill myself and just end the pain and hopefully all the damage I've done to my ex and all the friends who want nothing to do with me.