Why can't i just turn life offEveryday when i'm trying to sleep i hope to not wake up, it would be perfect. 
I just can't understand so many things that it drives me crazy. I have a great family i love them, i am smarter than most, i'm healthy (at least my body is), but i can't do anything. I stared 2 colleges but could not finish either one, i'm 24 but in all my life I worked for 4 months. 
Live today is just waiting for death to come, i'm doing treatment and taking my medicine for 2 years already and still think the same way, I'm not in a hurry to die, but I know that I'm on a cliff, the only thing holding me is the love for my family, I don't want to taint them with a son who killed himself I don't want my mom to suffer, but that's it and to live a life where the only thing I need to do is go to therapy twice a week I may be enough, but to live a life where I have to suffer everyday fighting against my own head to do things that's absolute natural to others is not even close to being enough. 
It's scary to say that to someone that knows me or knew me, they always feel that my problems is not problems at all, that everything I'm going through is normal for everybody and even me thinks that way sometimes. 
I can't understand how and why some people have the energy to wake up everyday and go to work at something they don't like. I know the answer most of times, they need the money to survive, but what would make me leave my house? Survival is not important to me. 
I never had plans, never in my whole life I earned money and thought "oh, now I can do that shit that I really wanted to do". What happened was that I months after earning that I searched for a way to use it that would not be a waste. 
The last time that I had sex was 8 years ago, the last time I kissed a girl was 6 years ago. Now the only thing I feel when I see someone attractive is anger, anger for still feeling attracted to them, everytime I catch my self looking at a girl I go mad, I want to go blind, everytime I have to interact with someone beautiful I feel bad, first I get anxious then I get mad at myself. 
One year and something ago I download tinder, it was my last try at getting to know someone new, even just friends, but I found out that I have nothing to offer, why would someone go out with me? And found that I can't make new friends, I'm to scared to meet them, I'm too anxious to talk to them, receiving a message just make me feel bad, I don't have anything to offer and if I don't control myself I start to lie and it helps at the time but it turns everything worst at the future, it's like I have to study before every conversation so I don't say something stupid. 
It looks so easy for almost everybody and I suffer so much to do it, I just want to turn me off in a way that I'll not hurt my parents, but even this is hard for me. 