I'm exactly what I always wanted to be, but I still hate myself.When I was in 1st grade, I told a teacher I have so many problems. I probably didn't since I was so young. She told me I could kill myself. When I was in 3rd grade, I tried my best to become a "special" student. Like the ones they prep for competitions and quiz bees. I got A+ across the board. They wouldn't let me in. When I was in 7th grade, when the class was asked "What are you good at?", I answered "I'm a born leader". Everybody laughed. I was mocked day after day since that. After a few weeks, I attempted to commit suicide for the first time. When I was in 8th-10th grades, I was told that I was fat and extremely bad at singing. I was, but I pretended it didn't affect me. It hurt bad. When I was 11th-12th grades, I moved to a different country. I had no friends and no family here. I was really into a girl, but I was nobody. No one was attracted to me and I was awkward.

I promised myself I would become strong. I hated the weak me. I hated everything about myself.

A few years later, here I am, an engineering student in a prestigious top-40 university. Whenever I say that "I'm an engineering student at X university" to people, they immediately become impressed. My smart classmates treat me as their equal. 

Even as a freshman, I could hold my own in an intellectual discussion with someone more experienced. I've had an astrophysics debate with a 3rd year physics major, a social policy discussion 5th year social sciences major and analyzed art with a 2nd year art major.

People call me fit. I could lift nearly as much as some jacked frat guys. The athletes and other jacked people I know give me respect. Some of my non-gym goer friends tell me I have a really well proportioned body.

I am socially adaptable, able to fit in any group. I mingle with everyone from nerdy asians to crazy russians. Most of the times, I'm a "glue" guy, making anyone in the group feel welcome. I don't have a set group of friends and am more as a social butterfly.

My professors tell me I have potential. My STEM professors tell me I have a good understanding of material and my writing profs tell me I am an excellent writer.

People consider me a leader. My career advisor told me I'll be a CEO one day just looking at my resume. My closest friend from my old country still thanks me for motivating him to become the best student in his class. I lead a city funded youth project and the higher-ups have no qualms about giving my team funding.

I have become more attractive to women. They tell me I sing really well as I serenade them with my guitar. I have been called charming by several women when I talked to them in parties, and I lost my first kiss to a girl who approached me first. I am known as a really sharp dresser.

If you're reading this and you're hating me right now for being depressed despite what I have achieved, I understand. Some of you may want to be in my shoes right now. And you probably deserve it 100x more than I do. I am not worthy for any of this. 

Don't worry, I hate myself. I hate myself more than anyone else in the world. I hate myself more than any of you could hate me.

I hate myself for not having enough will-power to study and get the best grades. I may be praised for my non-existent intellect, but I haven't proven anything. 

I hate myself for not having the best looking body. Some guys just get all the looks when they're at the gym or at the beach.

I hate myself for not taking advantage of my social skills. I'm a virgin despite how I know some girls just like me.

I hate myself for looking like a confident person to be looked up to. Because I know what's inside me is still that weak kid who nobody would pick. I'm still unwanted. I'm still garbage. I'm nobody.

Yes, I'm above average in grades. Yes, I'm fitter than the average joe. Yes, I'm more suave than your average guy.

You'd tell me that should be good enough. It isn't. Not for this entity inside me. Something inside me wants more and wouldn't accept anything but first place. Saying IF YOU'RE NOT FIRST, YOU'RE LAST. And I'm not first at anything. When I look in the mirror, I see that chubby, awkward, underachieving kid.

Most of all, I HATE myself for hating myself. I shouldn't be sad; I HAVE NO RIGHT TO BE SAD. I'm on medication and go through therapy.

I SHOULDNT BE DEPRESSED. I HAVE NO RIGHT TO.

I look "perfect" on the outside. Just as I always wanted. But on the inside, I'm still empty. I couldn't talk to anyone about it because they'll laugh at me. Just as some of you are doing now. Don't worry, I'm punishing myself.

I was rejected for the Major I applied to. I'm getting kicked out of my Honours status. Please don't tell me I'm afraid of failure. It's all I've faced since I was young.

I'm just sick of failing. Sick and tired. Not of letting people down; I don't think I have yet. Because if I knew I did, I'd be dead by now. I'm sick and tired of failing MYSELF. Because my will is too weak. Because stress is beating me.

Yesterday, I went to the top floor of the tallest building on campus. I looked down through a window. I almost tried to break open the window and jump. But I was afraid. I have too many obligations. I can't let them down.

Funny, the things that drive me to extreme guilt are the things that are keeping me alive. I wish I would snap. I want to be gone.

As I prepare for finals, I try to tell myself I am made for great things. But I can't fool myself. I'll end up being mediocre for my own standards. I won't succeed in my exams. I am not an elite student.

I am not first, hence I am last.

I know if I die right now, nobody would care. I will be forgotten in a matter of weeks.

So to other depressed people, you are not alone. You deserve to live way more than I do. Because I have everything a man could want, but I'm not happy. Sometimes the person you look up to is nothing more than a broken shell of a man. I wish I could give you my spot so you'd feel happy and I'd feel better dying. I wish I had the freedom to die.

But I don't. I'm on medication and people rely on me. I look forward to the day I snap. Maybe tomorrow, maybe next week, maybe next year. Hopefully sooner than later.

EDIT* - I think I know what Kurt Cobain felt when he killed himself. To those of you wondering, it's a painful feeling. I'm no longer surprised he chose to shoot himself with a shotgun.