Life without sexual/emotional contact. Is there any reason for me to stay alive?Hello. Throughout my life I have had an elaborate internal vibrance, and a profound inability to express said vibrance to other people. It just doesn't seem to work for me, and at 23 years of age, I am growing increasingly desperate and insane. I consider myself a kind, considerate person, and my friends and associates would agree to that. However, I am entirely unable to enter any form of non-platonic relationship, as I am always rejected on first sight. Oftentimes I cannot trust my own perception of reality, hence I am entirely unable to determine if this is due to my unfortunate looks or a consequence of severe bullying (prior to the age of 13 or so, I was a happy kid, before I couldn't go to school due to verbal and physical abuse).

I will submit a couple of images of myself, so that you can help me determine whether girls avoid me due to my looks or if something more arcane is at play (pheremones, hormonal profile, vocabulary, nonverbal cues, or whatever).

http://i.imgur.com/iXijgSU.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/MIbpJkB.jpg

As you can see, my eyes are asymmetrical and abnormally close together, which I think gives me an untrustworthy vibe. People (of female gender) have commented on my eyes, telling me that they are "creepy". I have an unstable self-image, and cannot for the life of me understand why this should have such a massive impact.

I have decided that, unless my well-being changes drastically for the better, I will end my life at the age of 25. By that mark, I believe that there is no possibility of experiencing the jolly of youth, something that I have entirely missed out on. Part of the problem seems to be a natural dopamine deficiency in my brain, but there is nothing that I can do about that without using addictive drugs.

My case seems entirely hopeless to me, but I am willing to keep trying for just a little longer. What would you do if you were in my position?

Thank you for sincere and honest replies.