All the urges are flowing back and I have nowhere to run to.**Reddit wouldn't let me post this on my throwaway, but I don't even care anymore.**

I am not going to go into detail about what is pushing me over the edge in this post, please see [this post](http://redd.it/x1n2x) and [the update.](http://redd.it/yg7md) Keep in mind that they are very long and are probably not worth your time.

Now that that's out of the way, here's a short history.

I am a 19 year old female who has been struggling with depression for 10 years. I was bullied out of 4 schools, finally ending up in a therapeutic school for my final years of high school. I started cutting in 8th grade and my first suicide attempt was in 9th grade. I have not cut in over a year but the urges still come. They have not been bad, but recently everything has been piling up.

My boyfriend and I have been together for 2 years, but he has a child with another woman. I know it's nothing for me to get depressed over but that woman is probably the meanest person I have ever encountered. She doesn't even let my boyfriend see his son, but for some reason she resents me. We both work at a charity haunted attraction, it is also where I met my boyfriend. As I am usually a shy and reserved person, many people didn't like me at first. Including her, she saw that I was interested in her ex and "baby daddy" and immediately started verbally abusing me. Even when I tried to make friends, she had alliances with the majority of the people there so I was shunned. The fact that that place is one of the only to go to get out of my house is terrible. I've made more enemies for dating one person than I have friends for doing charity work. I want to leave, but it's something I am so passionate about. I don't know how much longer I can put up with abuse from people older than me who dislike me for no valid reason.

Of course, I've had to deal with people hating me all my life so I should be used to it, but after people telling you how worthless you are every day you start to believe it yourself. There is nobody in the world who I hate more than I hate myself. I avoid looking in mirrors, and when I do I am in a bad mood for the day. I weigh myself constantly, if I am over 101lbs I don't eat. The only thing I take pride in is the fact that I am skinny - but not skinny enough. When I see other girls with thinner legs on tinier stomachs I hate myself even more. On the rare occasion that I feel I look nice enough to take a picture and document my pride, I get shot down again. Today I took a picture of a new shirt a friend helped me modify. It is a shirt from my favorite band, so I posted it on the subreddit and was met with comments such as "its fucking ugly you little duck." I try to convince myself that it's just the internet and people are unusually mean here, but it still hurts. The fact that the fellow fans of that band could say something so mean to a person they don't know is painful. That band is one of the only things that gets me up and moving, to know that they have such rude and careless fans is heart-wrenching. 

I try to smile about the small things, but the small things keep getting smaller. Smaller and smaller until I can't see them any more, and everything that surrounds me is just hatred and unnecessary cruelty. I've always wondered why I am the one who is the communal punching bag, I've never seen anybody else walk into a room and have hatred just thrown at them the way I receive it. It's only logical that the punching bag is going to wear out and break one day, and it needs to be thrown away. This is where I am, I can't do this any more. I wish I was strong enough to take all the pain so nobody else would, but humans are built to break.