Feeling worthless did it take me 16 years to figure out I'm an addictI'm off my doctor prescribed benzos. Been on benzos since I was 20 now I'm 36. I guess I'm in the depths of withdrawal as I keep reliving my whole life. My new pyschiatrist cussed me out friday a month ago he messed up my rx and reduced me by 50% w a refill I set up a telehealth appt on march 30th and informed him he said get through the rx and he will fix it so I did march 20th till now been hell Friday I spoke w the nurse and told her he would change it he called me said I'm making him look crazy, he wanted me to go through both scripts and do changes in person. Sorry I'm not going to suffer for that long I guess he thought I would just pleasantly suffer in silence he asked me very cold heartedly how did I want him to prescribe the valium to my liking and scolded me that he will be calling cvs to make sure I dont pick up any refills. I told him I wanted it prescribed how it's been for years not how I want he billed me 4 two more telehealth appts and hung up the phone screaming bye. Then I just moved 2 hours away he leaves at the office for me to pick up. Anyways I guess I'm an addict I keep hating myself I'm not on anything right now I only been addicted to benzos never anything hard but when I have dealt w ignorant docs in the past and they pull this shit I take my business to the streets as who isnt prescribed benzos or who doesnt know somebody that knows somebody who gets benzos. I'm broke and getting older I dont want 2 do illegal shit this whole shit has me questioning all my relationships, all my failures. Like damn I been prescribed the wrong drug if I chose heroin when I was younger at least there is help. Benzo addicts get fucked over in the system making us look pyscho if the doc makes a mistake or we arent feeling good if you even mention it you risk getting pegged an addict, losing your rx, and your sanity. I'm really hating myself and the 4 hour ride I have to do tomorrow to make these thoughts dissipate feeling hopeless and my anxiety has anxiety thanks