I really need help, please.I'm a 25 year old male, virgin, slightly overweight. I've never hugged a girl that wasn't a family member. Women are repulsed by my existence. At least real life ones. I only have the confidence to talk to girls who make the first move to talk to me online. Only girls who live very far away from me, as well. I've had many online relationships. None of them ever developed into sexual relationships or anything like that. I've never even seen a woman's chest other than in a porn video. I've never even held a woman's hand before. Besides from my terrible luck with woman, I have no guy friends either. Not a single one. I lost every single "friend", (they were just classmates I guess that really just ignored me and would look creeped out if I talked to them) when I moved to a new state after graduation. I'm a somewhat popular youtuber and make a really decent living from it. At least money is the last concern of mine. I just want companionship. This loneliness is kind of killing me on the inside. Every night I pray to God that I don't wake up. And no, I won't tell my YouTube. That's the last thing I need, people flooding my comments with "kill yourself" more than they already do. I'm so tired of putting on this fake happiness in my voice every day for a new video. I'm really sick of it. I'm not happy. Not even a little bit. I hate doing YouTube. I hate being alive. I want a companion. A girlfriend, hell even a friend would make me happier than I am. I have nobody to even vent to except strangers on this subreddit. I want out of this circle. Either through death or through a change. I really need help.

Edit: I forgot to mention I've been spending over $2200 a month on my opiate addiction. My schedule is basically;
1) Wake up.
2) Pop a few morphine, so I don't get sick.
3) Make a video.
4) Edit the video.
5) Upload the video.
6) Watch analytics the first hour to make sure it's doing okay.
7) IV some H.
8) Nod off and wake up and check how my video did hours later.
9) Pop a few more morphine (I'm taking roughly 240mg, just so I don't get sick).
10) Go to sleep.
11) Repeat.