I know things will only get worse.I've struggled with depression from as far back as I can remember and I've been using antidepressants since age 17. I'm 25(f) now.

I lost my job last month because the company suddenly closed. I loved that job so much and was treated well, so needless to say, I really miss it. Getting that call that we were closed as I was going out the door was such a shock.
Ever since I got the news, my depression has completely spiraled out of control. A few weeks ago, I finally decided to take advantage of my free time and traveled to meet a friend via Facebook who I have a crush on. We really hit it off, and that trip was the happiest I'd been in ages. And by me being my "happiest," I mean I'm motivated and highly functioning through my depression. I'm able to fight it for the time being. But every few months or so, I have a breakdown. Sometimes it's worse than other times, but it always happens because it's exhausting to constantly be fighting depression. After returning home from my trip, I've had another breakdown. It's exhausting to complete day to day tasks, and all the other typical depression symptoms.

Since I was a teenager, I always thought I'd die from suicide, and I still think that. I've been on a handful of antidepressants as mentioned, but they only work for a certain amount of time before I need to ween off of one or two and try another one or two medications. It's a horribly slow short term solution. I regularly see my therapist who has to constantly remind me that my traumatic experiences are understandable and to not be so hard on myself, in short. It helps to talk to her, but no one can fix your suicidal thoughts.
I would much rather some sudden accident happen to me rather than me having to off myself. I'd also like to go quickly and as painless as possible. The only things that stop me from going through with it are my (few) friends and family members. I can't imagine the expenses of some horrendous services to honor me that would make my family suffer even more. My parents deserve a better child. They wanted children so badly when they had my sister and I and love us both so much. It's sad imagining my sister taking care of my parents by herself as they get older.
I'm going to lose my family, friends, animals, and anyone else in my life. Things are only going to get harder and things are only going to get worse. I'm sure of it.
I desperately wish I had the guts to kill myself but I'm still at the stage where I care too much about others–where I'm able to snap out of my antisocial and withdrawn alone time to remember there are others in my life.
I don't think anything else can help at this point.