I really need some advice. (Maybe from someone knowledgable on emotional abuse)I might not be exactly suicidal, but I really need help because I am undergoing some immense struggles and being forced to make decisions that are life-changing when I'm only thirteen. My parents have always been alcoholics and it's been really stressful for me. I have always had a gut feeling it was emotional abuse, and I'm almost definitely sure it is now. The only reason I haven't called cps or the cops is that I have friends in the area that I live in that mean the world to me. I know that a lot of teenagers feel that way, and a lot of teenagers would say that they have met people that they will be "friends forever with". It's hard for me even to put into words how much support they give me, and how many anxiety attacks they've helped me with. I love them definitely more than I could ever love my mom or dad. The other part of my family lives across the country and I just cannot leave these friends. They're like the only family I've actually had, but not biological. There is a list of terrible things they have done to me. Never physical but I can say with confidence that I would be a lot happier without them in my life. I've told them that I was gonna call cps, but they keep telling me to do it cause I'll just get put into some dirty house with a foster parent who would treat me terribly. It also sounds cringy as all hell, but I have a boyfriend with a bad homelife too. He has been through the world twice and has helped me look at the brighter sides of things. A year ago I was pretty suicidal, and he was always there reminding me about the future. Again I can write essays on how much I admire his strength in dealing with all this, but our plan is to get emancipated in two and a half years and living on our own. I just dont think I can wait. My mom and dad look at me like some naive little girl, or like they give me everything and all I do is disrespect them, but I wasn't the only generation of they're children that absolutely despise them. I have two older sisters who had do undergo the same things as me. They ran away multiple times, and the only reason they still talk to my parents is because I am with them. They are only around 20 years old and I really don't want to burden them with having to take care of a teenager for the next two years. I didn't have it as bad as them, because now my mom is somehow financially stable enough to get me videogames and such. My dad is unemployed but says things like I am ungrateful for all the things I have. I can't even combat that cause I don't want them to take away my only escape from reality which is talking to my friends and playing videogames. And now that I read back on this post, it might seem like I'm some spoiled brat but I can't even list the things they've done to me cause I might have a mental breakdown. I seriously don't know what to do in my situation. It's really late at night (or I mean early in the morning) and I'm even afraid that they'll hear me typing and find this. I have admittedly been kinda rude to them lately, but I think it's well deserved. Again theres an essay I can write about what happened tonight, but it's not even worth it at this point. I just want some answers in life. I've tried researching why people think CPS is bad, and I've gotten articles upon articles on abuse situations. I don't know how to escape this hell. I try to avoid my parents at all costs but recently cause we have been moving apartments, they have not only took the lock off my door (not cause they think I'm cutting myself, because they think I'm watching porn) but they have also been yelling at me nonstop. I really enjoy psychology and I think my future career will be based on that, but I've researched some things and I can tell exactly when they are being manipulative. If you have been a victim of abuse or know anything about cps or if you come up with anyway I can be freed without throwing my family of friends away it's really appreciated. Sorry this is so damn long. I just needed somewhere to vent and somewhere to get advice. Also this is probably littered with mistakes of all sort and I am absolutely terrible at telling a story but yeah. There we go.