I honestly don't know if im depressed or not.Just a little about me, im a 22 year old AA male wondering if I took the right choices in life. Maybe I just need to rant, but lately I've been extremely critical of myself and I cant bring myself to open up to my real life friends. 

Let me take a step back and just explain who I was, not who I am right now. 

4 years ago, after graduating high school, I was just a normal college freshman with a serving job trying to find something i was interested in. At that time I believed it was computer science and I decided to give "information technology" a try. 

Luckily, midway into the year, I landed a great internship at a well known accounting firm that I won't disclose as a junior auditor and long story short ... i hated it. I couldnt see myself in that field and be content. So I ended up cutting the internship short and dropped out of my remaining classes because.. it just wasn't what I wanted to do. 

Growing up with asian parents, I couldn't bare to tell them I dropped out. So my next goal was to find another job. 

That job was where I really found myself. And it was an inside sales job. Truthfully, Initally I had no confidence in myself, I was that new guy who would mingle with top agents on the floor and I would ask them "how they do it, like how do you close a sale". Because at that time, I just wanted to make money. I felt like I failed and i needed to redeem myself, and prove to myself that I wasn't worthless .. as depressing as that might sound. 

That training month i set 18 demos with 7 of them closing within that month. And just like that, I found out I had a knack for phone sales.. And funny enough, my training manager told me that the training leads were "burned out leads" or people who've been called repeatedly for years. Also known as "D+ prospects".

After that month ended I was 1st in the office for sales, but 2nd nationally and I never felt more happier in my life. It felt like I've found something for me. Something I could improve on and call my craft. I was hooked. My first commission check ended up being roughly around $5000 and it felt like I struck gold.

Naturally I landed in the top sales team on the floor rather then joining my friends at the "accelerator bay" or simply put the new hire team. Ironically thats when I found myself too complacent and completely chocked. I was scared that I was going to get fired. I called relentlessly 300+ calls monday through saturday and eventually. I found a client.

She was a elderly massage therapist who expressed that, if our producted failed, her business would fail. 

That was the hardest call I had ever taken. And the only time I cried after a phone call. One part of me is relieved that I still have a job, but another part couldn't forgive myself for what I did.

I tried to shrug it off, "it was either her or me" i told myself, but as days passed it was hard for me to look in the mirror. I was angry at myself that I couldn't truly help her. But sold her a product that was her last chance.

After that week I wanted a career in sales, not a job and found a private wealth management firm barging in with my sales performance records to get a chance with an interview.

And after 5 interviews I landed an associate finacial advisor career with a condition. I would open accounts for my senior advisor and he would get the firm to sponsor my securities licenses (series 7, 63) I eventually got licensed after months and months of practice exams and studying. 

Out of the 10 associates, only 5 of us passed the licsening exams. 

Once we all took our exams we had to go through what was called "the pit" and were required to bring in $60,000 assets under management within one quarter.

And I was the only one left. Everyone else got let go. That year ended up being my most lucrative year, but i was always on edge. I thought that, If I got fired, it was the end for me. I didn't have a college degree so I couldn't just find another job. Although it was full commission, it was the best I could get. 

I started working 2 hours earlier, and leaving 2 hours later then everyone. Working 7-9 when everyone was working a 9-5. I would throw in 3 out of 4 saturdays too. I would find myself sleeping in my office more then my actual house.

I was a workaholic. And my senior advisor told me as a friend, I needed to work in a environment that wasnt full commission. For my own sake and health. He recommended me to an investment company and I would help clients with existing accounts.

But then I got greedy. Although I had my licenses, I was underpaid due to not having a degree, and ultimately I left due too that.

 I told myself I would go back to school and get a B.A at finance to take a stab at goldman sachs not for the money, but to prove to myself that I wasnt just a "pretend advisor" or someone who was just good at talking about the market. I want to create the markets.

But right now, my self esteem is at an all time low, and I don't know if I can follow through.

It feels as if I failed. i went from making 5 -7 grand in commission checks to barely making 300 a week. I feel pretty worthless now, regrets won't stop and I just think and think, I've lost 15 pounds in a month, and ive been forcing myself just to get a meal in for the day.

Who i am right now, feels like a shadow to my former self. I feel like I failed. And honestly I don't know if im depressed or not, or rather, I don't want to accept that I might be depressed..

Unlike before, I have a blueprint of what I want my path to be, but right now I feel like I lost my ambition that I had in the past. And deep down I don't know if the current me can actually do it.

I don't see myself taking my own life, but at this moment, my life seems regretful. Im just restless and "what ifs" are just clouding my head. It sucks and I dont know how to stop myself from thinking about the "what ifs".