I'm not sure how I feel, I want insight so I can get help, I feel less sad and more just like dying is what i should doSorry for the weird title, I am just worried and flustered. I have moods where things are worse. In the mornings and late at night I feel like it is unavoidable, like I am doomed, and each day it gets worse. In the day, I can forget it for a while and am confident I'll beat it. Right now I feel less like I want to live than I have. I am so worried. 

I think one of my major problems is that if I read something, like that some people will just always want to die, then I assume the symptom. I am becoming an extreme hypochondriac in this way, if something is brought up then I suspect i have it, on one hand I know I don't and on the other I think I might. I am depressed, for sure. No pleasure, starting to get down on myself, no appetite ever, I can feel that my stomach is hungry and still not want to eat.  I am out of town until next week, can't do anything really until then, and I am just with my dad, I don't know what he would do if I told him how i feel. I am panicked now, because I don't want to die, but on the one hand i feel like my suicidal thoughts are getting worse and worse. I know there is an other side, I am not like this forever, but right now I feel so confused. I would call the hopeline if I could, but Im not even sure what I would say. Basically it;s "I feel panicked, like I want to die, no good idea why, other than I am increasingly feeling like life is pointless."

It's like I am half okay and half thinking my suicide is inevitable, and for some reason this is almost worse. I want to get help, but don't know what my best options are. I have some money, but no job and I am not wanting to spend my meager life savings. 

I honestly don't know why I am so low. No real stressors other then no friends around, and that doesn't really stress me out, but maybe i'm lonely. I don't know what my pain is, maybe my hypochondria. When I first had suicidal thoughts, it was a panic attack that I think the hypochondria caused. 

I am sorry for being so unorganized and sporadic, but i am panicked and have no idea. I could really use someone relating to me, I guess.