I woke up this morning hating myself, cold, and alone. This is my rant.I'd like to preface this post by saying that I am not necessarily "suicidal," as one would describe it. I'm not at risk of hanging myself, or drowning myself, or overdosing, or any of that jazz. I do not feel that I am in immediate danger from myself. Furthermore, I am posting this under a throwaway--my normal account is used quite often around here, /r/depression, /r/amiugly, and so forth, giving the advice I so long to hear given to me. Finally, I am also not even sure what I aim to accomplish with this post or what I am trying to express. It has become more of a rant than a true cry for help and request for assistance. That being said, here is my tale.

About two months ago, I had what could only be described as the worst possible week of my life. I went from being very happy, positive, and energetic, to depressed, alone, and constantly empty. In the course of a single week, I lost my girlfriend, I fucked up the LSAT, I ruined my semester's GPA, I learned of my brother's diagnosis with severe OCD, learned of my father's decreasing health (he has cancer), received probation for a year, and several other things--all during finals week. These took place within a 5 day period, with roughly 2-3 of them happening per day. I literally went from being one of the happiest kids I'd known, to fighting back tears every time I was alone: I could practically reach out and grab the smile from the day before, but the weight of the world kept me from doing so.

As I mentioned, the week that this all happened was finals week (I'm a senior in college), so I piled all these troubles on top of the 6 final exams and 4 papers I had to write (I took 6 classes and 2 LSAT classes that semester, in order to graduate on time). Furthermore, I had the LSAT during the troubles (on the Saturday [I was dumped on Sunday, the day after]), which lead to an incredible amount of stress. On the upside, however, finals week meant that I was able to go home on that Thursday, which I did. I was promised relief from stress, relaxation, and happiness, and believed it. 

Back at home, I did not find what I was looking for. I found something that I can only describe as emptiness. I found an emotion that I had previously been unfamiliar with: a feeling like I no longer cared how things went. I was familiar with the want to kill myself, after years of depression earlier in life, but this was not the same. I first experienced this emotion the week of my troubles. Two days after I was dumped, I missed my most important final (due to the syllabus having the wrong time) and didn’t so much as flinch. I brushed it off as “rock bottom.” I met it again, however, two days later.

Driving back home, for break, is where I really experienced my disregard for mortality. I left school at 5pm and drove back home (I go to school in Maryland and live in New York) in the snow. During the drive, my windshield wipers stopped working and I was unable to see for the majority of the ride. I did not care—I did not want to die, but I did not care if I did.

This feeling remained with me at home. Things I enjoyed doing stopped being enjoyable. I was no longer laughing constantly and having fun, even when alone. I brushed this off as normal—part of the grieving process for being dumped (I should mention that being dumped is, by far, the most upsetting aspect of all of this). I left to go on a vacation with my family and I found the disregard with life again. During takeoff, and landing, I secretly hoped the plane would crash. 

I spent the past three weeks, after getting back from the vacation with my family, practically alone in my room. I left on occasion to hang out with a friend or something, but that’s about it. I’d wake up at ~12:00pm, and go to sleep at 6:00am. I’d sit on my computer and try to do anything but think for hours on end. It worked as a distraction, sure, but it wasn’t a viable way to live life. I let myself do it, though, since I knew I’d have to stop sooner rather than later. I did, however, take several opportunities to “change” myself. I bought a new wardrobe of an entirely different style, got a new haircut, and began reading about seduction/pick up. I wanted to experiment with life as someone else. I was no longer content with me.

Sooner arrived yesterday, and I left home to return back to school. I arrived back to my apartment in shambles: LSAT books on the floor, garbage from last semester, reminders of the pain I endured. I cleaned it up and continued pretending to be happy, still feeling the numbness in the back of my head. I was invited to several places by friends (basically just bars and parties), and decided to go to a bar with two friends. 

The bar was uneventful. I didn’t get any numbers or even try to approach people. All I did was drink way too much and feel way too alone, and re-learn to hate myself. Being back at school, everything reminded me of my ex, and everyone seemed so expendable. I spent the night blankly watching as my friends talked about the girls they fucked, while I hated everyone—myself included. Everything around me was a blur, and nothing really mattered.

I don’t remember too much from when I got home. I know that I stumbled around for a bit and decided I was way too depressed to allow myself to stay awake, so I fell asleep at around 4am. 
Six hours later, I woke up and noticed how utterly sad and alone I felt. It was 10:00am, the earliest I’d been awake since finals week (the irony is palpable), and all I wanted to do was go somewhere that I could stop thinking. I couldn’t fall asleep, but I didn’t want to be awake. I was alone in my room in my last semester of college, and I hated everything. I rolled out of bed and decided to write this, in order to get some of my feelings out.

I don’t feel I have the right to be so “numb” and depressed. I live a wonderful life. My family is very wealthy, I have literally almost every physical thing I could want in life, my parents and family love me greatly, I have tons of friends, I’m a very friendly and funny person, I go to a good school, and so much more. I’m living a life many would dream of—I feel nothing more than selfish from these feelings of helplessness. There are people starving to death in shacks, and I’m complaining about a girl, while in my own heated apartment. But, the fact is that I’m not happy. Selfish as it may be, I am not happy. I am not enjoying life, and I do not wish to continue it. I do not wish to end it, either, but I do not believe I would mind it being ended for me. Not just because of this girl, or because of having to retake the LSAT, or because of my impending graduation, or because of family troubles, but because of the emotions themselves. Simply knowing that this pain exists in the world and will, most likely, occur several more times makes me wonder why. It makes me wonder what the point is. It reminds me that I will die alone, no matter how you phrase it. It reminds me that there is a good chance that I will live alone (even if proactive). Perhaps not in the physical sense, but in the emotional sense: there is a very real chance that, should I meet someone new, they may never truly understand me. It reminds me that life does suck, and although it has its wonderful moments, they’re so frail, and they seem to melt under the power of the bad. The pleasure of enjoyment and happiness is unmatched by the pain of failure and the power of loss. Like a drop of black paint in a white paint bucket, the dark overwhelms the light. 

Yes, I understand that life is worth living for the good, and you need to power through the bad, but I struggle to find the point in doing so when the good is so minimal and so fragile—when the bad seems to always take precedence over the good. I’ve lived my life as well as I could. I’ve volunteered at schools, spent hours posting advice on this website, and many others, and played the role of the “nice guy” for most of my life. But, when all of these accomplishments and happy moments are overwhelmed by a single drop of black paint, it makes me question the idea of continuation. It makes me question why I should bother when the fact is that my great grandchildren will not even know my name. It makes me question why I should continue being nice, or even being at all. 

I’m not sure what I am trying to convey with this post. Perhaps I am writing for the sake of writing, perhaps I am truly seeking some advice. The fact of the matter is this: I am not suicidal. I am not at risk of hurting myself. Although I do wish to die, I do not expect to do so, nor do I truly believe that I wish to—I understand that I am in a funk and that these emotions are probably skewed. I am not expecting a miracle answer, or even a response (I understand how perplex and convoluted this entire post is), I am simply writing, and do not wish to save it in this Word document and ignore it forever. I want someone else to know what I am feeling, even if they don’t understand it—I want to not be alone, emotionally, for this minute. 

Ultimately, I am just very lonely and displeased with how life has turned out. I miss that girl more than I’ll allow anyone to know, and it hurts to wake up in my bed alone. I miss being young and the innocence and adventures of youth. I do not like where I am in life and I do not like what the future holds for me. I do not like that a single person can shatter my heart, and my reality, in a single day, and make me question the viability of existence. I do not like that life is complex, as immature as that sounds.  I do not like life.

Thank you for reading this, regardless of whether or not you understood it, or if it even made any sense. And I apologize for the length: writing is one of my true passions in life, and it is therapeutic to do it. I simply could not stop.