me being a fucking idiotI used to be very arrogant and pretentious. I never studied because I thought I was just “naturally gifted,” like my parents had said. I used to brag to others about how I didn’t study at all and still managed to get perfect grades and do well on national exams. I also used to be really athletic and had won many awards in martial arts. But I didn’t care about anything. Friends, family, trying hard in school? No, nothing mattered to me except wasting my life trying to forget about reality and slacking off chasing a stupid dream that was destined to fail.

When we moved in 8th grade, I lost everything. All of my friends were gone. I was all alone, and everyone hated me. Nobody wanted to talk to a freak like me, and instead just laughed at or looked at me with hateful eyes filled with disdain and disgust. 

Meanwhile, I was failing math while continuing to delude myself by escaping reality. My parents yelled at me to try harder, and every day I was just out of it. I couldn’t bring myself to study, and I couldn’t focus. Every time I took a test, my heart was pounding and my anxiety always spiked. It felt like I was going insane. Finally, as a last resort, I got a tutor. I barely passed, and somehow this gave me confidence to overwhelm myself the next year.

Cross country, all high honors, and mental instability. Due to my inability to try hard, I just fell further and further behind. Barely passing my classes, sleeping for 2 hours every single day. Passing out during classes, unable to ever focus. Continuing to break down and get heavy test anxiety during exams, my hands shaking. Trying to forget about reality and just drowning myself out chasing a dream that failed in the end. 

As a result, I was moved down from the top elite to the lowest of the low classes in math. Every day, it just felt fucking shameful. I failed at the one thing I was good at, and every day I sat down in that horrid classroom I felt like killing myself. And those awful students, always yelling and screaming, playing that horrible, nightmarish song. I no longer want to think about this, so I won’t.

But the one thing that kept me sane at the time, my then online friends, ended up hating me as well.

At the time, I was a stuck up, heavily religious (pretentious Christian, honestly. I was very “righteous” and was very delusional), and fake person. But we all were close and could talk about anything, about life, k-pop, and we had so much fun.

But then the drama happened. My close friend at the time, Alex, was sick with cancer. She was in so much pain, and then Jen and that girl claimed she was faking it. All I wanted was to defend her when they were verbally abusing her. When I impulsively told them that they were full of bullshit, I got death threats every day, and everyone ended up hating me. Everything I did, I fucked up. So I tried killing myself. I wish I had succeeded then.

And my boyfriend and then best friend of 5 years. I knew that you were in so much pain, and I’m sorry for making you hate me as well. I am sorry for not trying in our relationship back when you needed me to be there. I just wanted you to let me go because I didn’t deserve to have you. 

After all of that happened, I vowed to remain antisocial and I barely talked with anyone. I increasingly deluded myself with my dream and I blocked myself from the world for 4 years. And then finally, when I opened myself up to people again, I hurt those that were close to me. Because I’m a rash, impulsive, stupid dumbass who always messes up.

I hurt people who mattered to me the most. I fucked up everything. In the end, that’s all I ever do. I’m just a big mistake, a fuckup who ruins everything. 

I’m failing math, and am doing awful in all of my classes. I am continually absent and falling further and further behind. I can’t focus in my classes again, and I just feel like drowning myself every day. I am constantly disappointing my parents, who just found out about my alcohol problem. 

I feel like I am suffocating. My thoughts have been getting worse and worse and I just want it all to end. I’m just really fucking tired of everything. Nothing I do ever works out. It all just seems hopeless. I don’t want to suffer anymore. I wish I could just let go. 

Even my attempts to die are so fucking useless. Overdosing on drugs, alcohol, cutting or trying to suffocate myself? Why am I so bad at everything?

I wish I could just end.

end.
end.
end.
end.
end. 

please end. i don’t want to go on any longer. please just fucking stop it already. i’m so fucking tired.

I’m really looking forward to the day when I will end it all. I wish I had set the deadline to be earlier. Maybe it will be the one thing I actually accomplish in my life.