My life is over. There's nothing left worth keeping.I am objectively a failure of a human and I've let myself reach the point of brain rot. I have no job, no higher education, no source of income. I survive by leeching off my mother, who has given up on trying to make me do something with my life, and I haven't left the house for more than 15 minutes at a time in the past 2 years, just to the convenience store at night to get junk food. I've even lost the taste for any food that isn't junk. My life is nothingness and I've allowed it to reach a point where I've lost the will to change it. All I do in the day is write drivel on the internet.

The only part that was out of my control is that my family mentally and emotionally abused me from early on and I went through extremist religious brainwashing when I was younger, and I feel it's caused me lasting damage that makes it impossible for me to function in society. I can't get help for it because no therapists in this country know anything about this particular religion. The only ones that understand it are followers of it, which I am no longer. There is no support system in the world for the type of trauma afflicted from this. Besides, I can't afford therapy anyway because I'm a NEET. So I'm fucked on that front. I know I have to get over it and move on somehow but I just can't find it in me. I feel broken and beyond salvation.

I've been a shut-in for so long that I'm afraid of the outside world. I can't get a job because I'm scared of people and I'm unable to look anyone in the eye. I can't do job interviews and don't have any qualifications to get an online job. I hate myself and I hate my appearance and my skin color and my religious name. I feel hated by everyone every place I go. I can't be seen by people. Even online support communities that help and accept other people shun me and turn against me for no reason. My room is the only place I feel safe. I may live the rest of my life like this. And I don't feel it's worth it to live like that.