I want nothing more in the world than for everything to just stopTitle says it all. I'm tired. I'm done. This is unreasonable, I know. But I'm so tired. Everyday it's a vicious cycle of emptiness. I can't live like this anymore. I'm broken I know it. My emotional tolerance is outstandingly low; all I ever do is cry anymore. I gave up on my dreams. Drawing doesn't bring me the joy it used to. I can't live a lie anymore, hiding all my pain. Life just keeps beating down on me, without mercy. My mom. My kind mom. I don't deserve her. She's tired of me I know it. She blames me for her pain. I don't blame her. I starve myself every fucking day. I'm just ungrateful like that. Everyday it's hiding food in the hem of my pants. Getting the toliet clogged up because of all the food that I've flushed away. Every single fucking day it's about counting calories meticuously, counting steps, subtracting, adding, SUBTRACTING, ADDING, SUBTRACTING AD ADDING AND I CAN'T FUCKING DO IT ANYMORE. I can't get up without a quick mild blackout. My body simply cannot take the 40,000 plus steps everyday. I'm pushing it but I just want it to end. I'm tired of feeling worthless. I'm tired of being called crazy by my family. Tired of "having issues". I'm tired of being mocked, teased. Everyone teases me. And they don't realize how much it fucking hurts. It's belittling. It's humiliating. I'm tired of feeling alienated from my friends. They hate me I can tell. Why can't I be normal?
There are not any genetic factors that could predispose me to mental health issues, so why can't I be fucking normal?

I wish the bathtub was tall enough. If only I could find my lost jumprope. I would hang myself off the stair railing. I'm so fucking tired. I'm tired of putting up a facade. I'm tired of crying. I'm tired of starving myself to death. The number is never low enough. The loneliness is unbearable. I feel like I'm fucking suffocating no matter how many people tell me I'm not. 
I'm so tired. Tired of fighting. Tired of screaming. Tired of...feeling. Why should anyone bother? Why should they allow me to keep suffering when it's so much easier this way? I don't deserve help. I don't deserve love. I don't deserve God. I cause my own problems. I should be grateful but instead I'm starving myself, bringing my mother heartache. No one knows. It's better this way. A wretched person like me doesn't hold a place in this cruel cruel fucking world.