Im tired and I honestly dont know why im still tryingI don't know if it's better to keep this short, or to tell everything. Honestly, I dont even know why I'm posting here other than it just kinda feels like I should since I've been depressing everyone else around me. 

I've been suicidal for as long as I can remember. Extreme anxiety, depression, borderline personalitu disorder, and so many more mental health problems combined with growing up with a physically and mentally abusive father and paternal grandmother who kidnapped me and moved halfway across the country from the rest of my family. 

I'm 20, I turn 21 on Feb 26th, and have attempted suicide 22 times, only hospitalized for one. Back in 2016, I finally escaped my abusers and got to college with the help of my boyfriend whom I met my senior year of HS; we've been together since. We moved in together April 15th of last year, living together through some horrible financial difficulties. It seemed that everytime something could go wrong, it did. We had our apartment broken into, we hopped jobs every month to find one that didn't put ius in physical danger every day, and I even ended up dropping out of school to support us. I only had one suicide attempt while we were together, and it was directly after he had a daliance and cheated on me (just a kiss, but it was enough at thay point to set me over the edge)- when I got out of the hospital, we got engaged and I started wedding shopping. We lived 4 hours away from his family (our hometown) and his own mental health suffered, so we moved back in July. This caused more stress and we agreed to break off our engagement, no changes between us, but because it was simply an extra stressor we didn't need.

I thought our lives were finally turning around at the beginning of October. I got my dream job as a Laboratory assistant to a large corporation, even though it was an hour drive for me on very icey roads, my ex - fiance got a position at the local prison to train as a correctional officer (I grew up distrustful of anyone in a uniform, but I was and still am so proud of him for this, though). Together, we would make about 60k a year, we had a house we rented from his mom, a dog and cats, a picket fence...it seemed like the american dream was finally going to be ours.

October 25th, he said he no longer loved me- rather, he was no longer /in/ love with me, but still loved me as a friend. I have been off my medication for months to ensure we could afford his and keep a roof over our heads. I was working a job that was terrifying and stressful because of how much I felt I needed it to work out. He wanted me to move out, and to still be friends. I had to tske multiple days off work for fear of my mental state, attempting to get an emergency psychiatric appointment which was set for 3 weeks from the day I needed it. They fired me as I was in the hospital with my ex, because our dog dislocated his bad knee (it had been shattered when he was a freshman in HS and still gived him troubles to this day). The apartment I was going to move into no longer became plausible as I no longer had income, nor a reason to be in the city it was located in. I'm now stuck living in the house I once held so much hope for myself and my ex and am forced to live with him and depend on him whie I try to get my footing again. 

I've lost the man of my dreams, ive lost the family that we had created and his family that accepted me as theirs, I lost the future that I had been planning for...I've lost everything. I can't even use the anger of the breakup because my ex is a genuinely amazing man that I would instantly accept if he wanted to take me back.

After my last suicide attempt, the psychiatrist told me to cling to my relationship and future I was looking forward to as reasons to keep fighting, but now ive lost those

I want to give up, and I have my ex's gun, but I'm too scared to pull the trigger.