First time...First time i open up. Im 16. My life has been a rollercoaster ever since i hit 12. Between so much bullying,struggle with anxiety,and listening to other peoples problems,it just takes a toll on me every single day. 

I dont have the motivation to study and frankly i consider it a waste of time. My grades are terrible and im constantly disappointing my parents which just makes it all so much worse. 

No real friend up to this point. Everyone i felt a connection to either brushes me away,or straight up dismisses me with obvious lies. I always feel like i am not wanted by anyone except my brother and my mom. I rarely ever spend any time with dad since he and my mom are divorced and we get to see eachother every 2 weeks or longer. 

I do not yet know what i want to do with my life. Im in highschool,10th grade,and as i said my grades are miserable. I aced my graduation exam from regular school to high school,getting an average grade of 9.50,but from then on i just havent found the motivation to study further.  

Its like life has me pinned down like a bad guy from an action movie and i just keep getting punched in the face,every day. I never did any harm to anyone. I ever only got in 2 fights overall in my life and those consisted in just 2 punches total. I just want everyone to be pleased and i want everyone happy. 

I think too much and i end up getting myself even more depressed. I listen to sad music imagining myself writing down my suicide note and imagining how everyone would react to it and what i would write to best describe my feelings. 

Earlier i paired "bullying" with "listening to other peoples problems" in the same sentence,i am sure you must be confused. Well at my school almost everyone seems to be self-centered,hypocritical,very un-empathetic and just assholes overall. One minute they bully me then they want me to listen to their problems. 

I have never,ever recieved any form of support from anybody in my entire life throughout. I am always alone with fighting this depression and i dont have anyone who i can trust or who would understand. 

Also going to a therapist is out of the question,i consider them to view everything from a "scientific" standpoint if that makes any sense,i do not imagine them taking into account the human element of it all,how i just cant go on without breaking.

I am not afraid of death. I would do anything to get out of this hell but i do think that...suicide is not an option,i dont want to hurt my family or anyone who i might have missed that cares about me even a small bit.

Its currently 2 AM and i dont think i covered up everything clearly. I hope i did. Im going to check back in the morning and hopefully someone says something that just clicks with me and fuels me up to go another month or for the rest of my life. Cheers.