What's the point? I don't know where to start. I guess I'm just going to rant. 

I'm just not happy anymore. I'm not sure I ever will be again. And what's crazy is, my life is awesome, but its awesome for reasons I just don't give a shit about. I have an amazing job and make a ton of money. I drive a beautiful car. I live in a nice town in a great house. 

But I'm alone. I moved about a year and a half ago after graduating college. I came out to a new city with my, now ex-wife. I'm fucking 23 years old, and I'm divorced. Divorced because my piece of shit ex wife thought we got married too young, but instead of talking about it thought she'd just go out and fuck other guys. For a year. Maybe longer, for all I know. 

I was devastated when I found out. But at the same time, I was too scared, too much of a bitch, to do anything about it. I thought maybe we'd work it out. Of course, she just kept lying and lying when she was caught. I didn't know the whole story. She ended up leaving me because she couldn't deal with the fact that I wasn't happy with her all of the time. 

It's been half a year since I lost the best part of my life. I never wanted all this shit, the money, the car, the house. I was king of the fucking world when we were together. It didn't matter that we lived in a small apartment, it didn't matter that I drove a piece of shit car. I loved all of it, and I was happy. I thought maybe getting a nice car or even a pet would make me happy, but it doesn't, because it never did and I can't replace that part of my live with fucking material possessions. 

I've gotten past that relationship. I think, anyway. In some ways, fuck her for being that piece of shit. Fuck her for fucking it all up. I sure as shit don't want to be with her anymore- hell, I could be if I wanted to. She's not a part of my life anymore. But that's not why I'm bothered. 

But it's what she did. The ultimate form of treachery and disrespect. It makes me wonder what's wrong with me. I'll be alone for the rest of my life. I think about killing myself every single day. Every day. I feel like it's my only option. 

I have amazing friends, they helped me get through this shit when it was the worst of it, going through a fucking divorce, watching someone who meant everything to you, and you thought likewise for them, become vindictive and hateful. I couldn't ask for better friends, I'd do anything for them and I know they'd do the same for me. But at this point, I don't even talk to them about how I really feel. I hate being that guy, fucking downer. So I just pretend everything's great. I pretend I love my job and my car and my house and my life and myself. 

I hate myself. I'm socially inept. I know I irk people sometimes or often, even my best friends. I just hate living and I don't want to do it anymore. I think the only reasons I'm still around is, first, that I have some fucking obligation to be, to my friends and to my family and to my job. I feel like it's a slap in the face to people with nothing for someone to have "so much" kill themselves. How fucking ungrateful am I, right? The other thing is that I just don't know how to do it. I'm more scared of failing a suicide attempt and being forced to live embarrassed or disfigured or barely alive, than I am of living through all this shit. But I think about it every day... maybe I could do it this way, or that way. I'd have to give everyone closure, I think. I can't just run away and do it. I can't jump off a building or blow my head my off. And I'm just too much of a whimp to follow through, but I feel like every day is just another step closer. 

