I think I'm disturbed.I don’t know what to say or how to write this but you all are such nice people, I think for the safety of myself and others I should write what I’m thinking. I don’t really know if this is where this belongs so if someone can point me in another direction, thank you. I feel so stupid writing this. 

Okay I tried writing my story but it ended up being too long and difficult. The basic structure is that I don’t know how to explain it because I don’t think others will empathize. God it hurts that I don’t know anyone that can empathize. It both makes you seem more crazy for being upset and it means no one can understand. 

This is the somewhat backstory/character description (you can skip it if you want because it’s bound to be a wall of text): I really only have, had, one friend, which is the person who I broke up with some months ago. I have always been haunted by a moment in the relationship when we were on a break and she did something somewhat sexual with someone as well as her history (years 12-16 or so). This is the part I cannot really expect empathy, or sympathy, as I don’t think others feel the pain of others sex &amp; relationship life as I do. I think I might be misogynistic, perhaps I find myself jealous of the female sex often. But I can’t take sex (I don’t know how these two thoughts directly link but I think they do; I don’t know). I suppose a fear of sex might be accurate to say. I’m at least afraid or disgusted by how sex exists in society today. I’m just disgusted by things like infidelity more than others. I don’t understand how anyone could cheat on someone: the thought of it makes me want to vomit and I think the unfaithful as people who have no place in decent society. This is not my case though. We, my friend and I, broke up some months ago (I should perhaps clarify we are both at separate colleges.) We continued to have sex after however, and more importantly cuddle and the alike (little actually changed) until recently when she decided to end it all other than friendship. She at one point promised, well stated, she would never have sex with someone outside of a relationship. I heard she started getting into a something with some guy. I then find out she fucks him—but somehow she fucks two guys in two or three days. I turned my phone off so I didn’t know ‘til later (about now.)

To change the focus to myself: I’ve been suicidally depressed for the last several months. It’s a catch-22 though in that it makes me too weak to do it. I just have fantasized about…everything. (You can skip the following list) Jumping off buildings, shooting myself, jumping in front of a train, some more elaborate (one involved a whole getting a whole story where I leave school, take a train, go to her dorm, give her the stuffed animal that is my now only friend, tell her to take care of it and then shoot myself.) What makes it a bit more creepy sometimes is they don’t always work. One time I missed fatally shooting myself twice and bled out. Another time the train stopped half way on my neck. There was one where I saved two kids in the process from a moving train which felt pretty great. I have (I sort of forgot because I forget myself) what I call a hero’s complex. I think, or at least dream that I would be the guy to fight the shooter at columbine, not because I know its moral but because I’m a fool who needs to be a hero even when it might make things worse. It probably has to do with people looking up to me which is what I’ve ways dreamed of. 

Now to jump to the present: After hearing about her fucking two guys I’ve lost it. This has somewhat happened before though, though it’s pretty bad now (and I didn’t think I was even human before she came around.) I think I might be crazy. That first time when I heard she slept (literally) with another man, I masturbated to the thought of murdering her and him. Now I’ve been thinking about eating her. I don’t know why, but I keep thinking about eating her brains.

However, I think I might be faking it. I even write in my journal (I just started one) at one point that I think “what if I pretend to have pain [be crazy] only to mask the pain I really have?” either to change it, or to give myself the comfort that maybe it’s all a confusion and there’s an escape hidden somewhere. I also did very light markings on my wrist by I call it masturbation: I really am the jackass who just leaves scratches for the attention (from whom I don’t know…) I also go on to saying I must concede: I don’t think someone having these thoughts can plead absolute sanity. I don’t imagine from an third person perspective that I’d even actually resort to cannibalism, in fact I’m sure of it why do I even express question, but they’re still pretty abnormal, uncivil, perhaps inhuman thoughts. I realize I should note: I do cry a lot. I don't nor pretend to lack emotion (there have been times where I've felt robotic but not now. ) I think this might give off that impression to I figured I should clarify.

There’s some pretty weird stuff in there (my journal.) Just pulling some of the more out-there passages out:

    | 
:--|:--
“All I dream of is blood. All I see are whores.”| 
“I just want you to be happy ^or ^do ^I?” (referring to her)|  
“This gets you off, doesn’t it?" (referring to her)|  
Half a page of: “whores and blood &amp; whores and blood &amp; whores and…”|  
“I cry for help but fear tells me not that no one listens. Not that no one hears. But no one has a responce. No one has an answer.”|  
“This writing is not nearly as theroputic[sic] as I thought it’d be. Not at all.”|  
“I want to be muscular—well built—not attractive” (reading this written disgusts me)|  
“I want to eat your brains. Who will punish them? Burn whores. Whores deserve to die.”|  
“I need help. I’m not sane. Dear god someone help me. I’m sick."| 

Wow…so I’m definitely insane, aren’t I? Those are the most disturbing passages from it (others are just a list of suicidal thoughts which I had hopes would be therapeutic) but…still… It’s kinda clear from the writing though that I do write with an audience in mind, it’s just how I know how to write, but that means it might be written with an agenda. But no matter it’s pretty messed up.

I guess I just needed to say all this. Maybe writing it all down helped. I want to kill myself every day, every hour, but I have no method. I sort of talked about my story with her (I feel bad calling [name] “her”) but clearly I’m pretty fucked up in the head (she probably did the right thing by leaving me although I’d like to think I was pretty loving.) I dream that maybe someone out there can empathize, it’s very lonely here, but I don’t suspect such (there’s not a subreddit for people who think they’re unfit, is there?).

I’m sorry for this wall of text, I would never expect anyone to actually read every word. Again, I don’t know if this is the right place; I’m suicidal but I don’t know how I’d do it and it’s not a really “at this moment” deal as much as an all the time situation. I’m also sorry that I’m sure I don’t make sense at point, it’s filled with errors, and it is poorly written (I repeat myself often.) I wanted to say this all. I'm not sure if I even managed or remembered to say what I wanted to. I don’t know what anyone can say that could help, but maybe just saying this helps (so I’m just selfishly not even asking for aid, aren’t I?) Has anyone perhaps taken prescription that helped or just found time does change things greatly? If anyone wants me to clarify or expand on anything I’ll try to do that. I’ll also turn this into a thank you for all the amazing people here. You are such good people. I'm sorry that the things I write and say are offensive to others. I'm sorry I exist. I don't have any friends now. I need to be hugged and loved forever and all the world to be washed away it's just too scary for me. All I care about is love. Thank you for anyone who just looks at this. I hope I didn’t forget anything.

I might try to go to sleep so I might not respond for a little while.