I'm having suicide thoughts everyday. Not going to make it.I'm just not going to make it past this year. Broke up with my girlfriend three months ago. We tried being friends but we'd still like if we're still something. I just can't see her as just a friend and frankly she can't either. We met online, I traveled to Colombia to meet her (We had already broken up a month ago), I thought things would change after meeting each other. It only made things worse, I still love her. We had sex I was her first time, we treated each other as boyfriend and girlfriend while I was over there but she insisted in not getting back toghther. I've just never been this much in love. I thought she was the girl I'd marry. I think of her all day. I like to imagine she's here with me, on the bus, at class, just walking down the street. I have imaginary conversations with her in my mind. It's become really hard. We haven't talked in a week (As "friends"), her mom wants us to stop talking because this isn't going anywhere. She told me back on December that she doesn't love me anymore, and she told me it in person. She said that this would be the only time we'd see each other in our lives and didn't want me to travel again for her. That really hurt, I broke down in front of her and she just hugged me. I still believe she loves me, I'm honestly just waiting for her to meet a new guy and when that happens I'll believe that she stopped loving me. And once that happens I'm going to lose it, It's going to tear me apart and that'll end up with me taking my life. I just know it, just thinking of that situation brings me to tears. I feel alone, she had become my best friend in a certain way. We'd talk hours on the phone and on Skype. We had something really special and in person we still had that chemistry. Anyways, that's how I feel about this. I'm literally just waiting to find out she has another guy, then I'll realize she stopped loving me. I know it sounds dumb, I know we've all been heartbroken but this was different. Two years before this, I had a suicide attempt. Something similar with some other things happening in my life. Every time I see the subway coming, suicide comes to my mind. I had started cutting myself but stopped once people started to ask and had to make stupid excuses for it. I'm literally just waiting for her, that's when I'll do it. I'll finally understand that she stopped loving me. I have anxiety, I don't have friends at school anymore, I'm alone pretty much all the time, I don't consider my old friend, friends now. Things have changed. She was my world and now she's gone. I started going to the psychiatrist a couple months ago to treat my anxiety but it's not working and I don't want to tell him I'm having suicide ideation. I'm just tired, I want this to end. I wouldn't want to live knowing another guy has her in his arms now. She told me that I showed her how to be open with her feelings, how to start trusting people and she told me everyone need a person like me in their lives. She considers me to be special, a great person with nice feelings and someone she could always count on. But just doesn't want to have a long distance relationship anymore and because she stopped loving me somehow. But why? People tell me to try it in a couple of years after college and maybe we might meet each other in a different scenario but I don't want that, things would change. She would've been with other guys and I just can't bear with that. So in conclusion, I'm just waiting. I want proof she no longer loves me and that'll be the day I'm doing it. 