My best friend tried to kill herself last night because of bitcoin and it is all my faultI feel guilty and I just can't stop blaming myself for what happened to her. we are fucking best friends and I was supposed to support her, instead I pushed her into this.

A few days ago we were talking about bitcoin price when she told me that she had lost 3 coins when it was less than $500 each and she couldn't buy again. she has depression but she was not suicidal at all, she has a good supporting family and I never noticed anything even slightly concerning to indicate suicidal thoughts. I fucking hate myself... I should have told her that everything will be okay, instead I mocked her for not making backup of her coins and how she could support her family with that money if she wasn't such a lousy person. that was my exact words and I can't get these of my mind right now and it rings in my head every time I picture her on the hospital bed.

She called me latter and she was so mad at herself for failing her family while should could have supported them and again instead of helping her I told her how wealthy she would have been had she not lost her coins. we talked for 20 minutes about many things, bitcoin, money and normal daily stuff. she told me that she can't stop thinking about her failure and that she needs sleeping pills, yet I fucking didn't suspect anything.

In the morning I got a text from her mother that they are in hospital. apparently she overdosed and I know this is all my fault. she is still in ICU. I can't take this guilt anymore. I haven't told anthing to her parents but I feel ashamed and I can't face them. I can't believe I was so blind.

Her mother told me she is going to be alright but I read articles and so many terrible things about suicide and how some people never recover mentally and also form the side effects of drugs. I feel like I want to die too if anything happens to her. this is just a nightmare, I wish I could sleep and in the morning everything will be alright.

Edit: I am sure she will recover from this. I can't think of anything else but that she will get well and forget about this soon. I would do anything to help her but I am just not sure how. specially what should be my first words to her?