I don't know what to do anymore.I hate talking about this. I don't even want to write this right now. I hate having it _in writing._ Sometimes I feel like I don't know myself anymore. I'm a man in my mid-late 20s. When I was younger, in high school and college, I had passion and energy and I was always told that I had a kind heart, and that I was highly intelligent, and part of me believed I was going to do great things.

Part of me didn't believe that, though. I didn't realise that, and maybe I expected good things to just come or be presented to me through opportunity, but that notion that I'm no longer capable of doing great or even good enough has consumed my mind. 
Anyone who had ever lifted me up or believed in me has either moved on or feels that they have been proven wrong. I've never hurt anyone. But I constantly feel like the people around me see me as a liar when I tell them about who I used to be. I feel like they're always judging me, and assuming I've always been this person destined to be nobody. I don't want to believe they're right, but at the end of the day I'm unable to prove them wrong.

I always tell sad people uplifting things when I can. I try to tell them how I see good things in them, that there's always a silver lining, and that they're strong enough to make it through their problems. Maybe not these exact things verbatim, but along that line. But I don't really believe any of these things in regards to my own problems.

I know I talk too much. The few people I'm regularly around probably expect it out of me by now. I always put on a smile and try to have meaningless conversations about things I know nobody cares about. But it's because silence drives me insane. I feel like if I'm not making conversation when I'm near someone whom I'm frequently around, (especially coworkers), they'll ask if I'm okay. I'm terrified of this prospective conversation. I either open my mouth, and expect eye rolls or something in the vein of "I'm sorry/just be happier," or I have to lie and say nothing is wrong, which makes me feel worse about myself.

Following a rough sophomore year of college, I dropped out and have just been shifting around through mediocrity every since. I've lost my patience in general, and my passion for helping people, which I used to thrive under. I work an alright job at a deli, which pays well for the volume of actual work, but recently, I was there alone, and after closing time I just sat on the floor, out of sight of anyone potentially walking by. I verbally said that I could have done so much more. And then I started crying. And I couldn't stop. I just looked back and said, this isn't what my life was supposed to be.

I've been in love, I've had good relationships, but I don't think I'm capable of doing that anymore. I love my parents, my two cats, my best friend, and my bed. That's all. 
I was raised in church and chose one which I identified with, but I think of myself as having grown to have a realistic world view, and I don't believe in a god anymore. I'm agnostic, at the most. My old youth pastors said they saw great things in me. They tried to groom me, in a sense. They were kind people. But I just don't believe in any of that anymore.

I'm so angry with myself for not pursuing my ambitions more diligently. I wanted to edit movie trailers, and went to school for video production, but only recently started a new YouTube channel, (after being away from editing for 6 years), to try and focus my thoughts, even if I'm drawing creativity from a darker place. 
I'm tired of putting up this act, of people treating me like an easy target, of not being able to do even the simple things I know have to be done. I believe the people who don't see any good in me. I'm so tired, all the time. I have no options to just leave this life or start over, due to my debt, general lack of funds, and fear of taking the wrong direction, yet again.

Lately, my mind involuntarily wanders to a place where I'm verbally saying to myself that I don't want to do this anymore. I say I wish I was dead, when I'm alone, all the time. I research the least painful methods of suicide. I've tried therapy and online help programs, only to find no connection with the people trying to help me. I consider myself a danger _to_ myself, incapable of telling anyone face to face out of fear of their reaction, the shame if they don't believe me, and the guilt of burdening them with these thoughts if they did.

I've only been a casual redditor in my life. But I'm starting to run out of options for finding some kind of bright side in just operating. I'm looking for any kind of insight on why I've plummeted so far into a place where I can't even rationalize taking steps to improve. I don't want to improve. I want to be someone different. And I can't stand hearing about why I should just be happy. 

I'm sorry this is so long. I just wanted to share with somebody who I'm not afraid of.