I'm never going to be a momDisclaimer: This is very long as are all my posts, I'm dumb that way. So I'd skip...

I just realized.. and it just hit me for the first time and I cried. I was watching dumb clips of celeb babies which I've seen before. It must be a more sensitive time for me than usual as holidays can be..

I have plenty to look forward to and more than most this year but a lot of it is on my shoulders. My bf is even like a kid sometimes.. almost all my "friends" need more support than I could ever receive nor do they know how to support me even if they wanted to.. 

I've always been strict and rationale about kids. Pro life to me doesn't seem to understand what it's like to be in the system or be born into a home that didn't plan or want or wanted you for money or to keep a relationship going... or simply out of their creeptastic 21st century culture of child brides. 

I always believed in never even thinking of having kids without tons of prep and mental work. It's more than just pampers .. education alone.
    - In any case, I've wept and I haven't in a long time.. I think bc my bf is never not around and I normally cry alone. When I do cry with him or confide him, sometimes regret it because how he treats me later. 

The tears surprise me.. I thought I was way past that. I grieve over having a rescue pet who's very dependent but that's about it.. I never ever thought I'd break over this, not a girly girl who even fantasized much about weddings. I've dreaming of grand love but not forever and normal kind. Maybe in impossible commercial glimpses of something nearly cinematic like a couple with their kids at a bonfire or on the patio with the kids in the yard and grandparents sipping lemonade lol...

I suddenly felt my gut and the loss that I haven't known to miss but I feel a phantom of what a baby would feel like in my arms and on my chest at night after feeding or with a pacifier there. I'm so happy to be off this planet soon.. another plan that I pray goes well and very long term more than I'm comfortable with tbf.. but I've taken someone under my wing and I can't walk away now.. 

There's such a pain now, a new pain towards the love of a child and watching them grow up and my pride in them. I'll always blame myself for anything too.. it should be my fault bc environment is everything. 

However the life I live now is more and more draining especially emotionally. I feel myself started to crack more with the pressure and doing everything myself and being a rock for everyone. The moment I try to reach out.. at first the support is great ofc but then everyone has their own pain.. and you suddenly reverse roles until you are silenced. I don't expect to breathe life into my emotions and verbalize them but it does suck to have a false idea that you and your feelings exist or matter. I hate the facade. 

But what can they say or do? Even I can't do much for them.. but I would if I could. Idk if they would for me..

I don't know what I have left in me.. but this new pain and new year ahead makes me want to dig in my heels and quit now. I know it's not smart and I know in a week there'll be scabs on my knuckles from handling everything myself but wow.. sometimes I understand the comfort of a jail cell vs the agony of adulthood on top of the pain you feel .. the cell of a property that you pour yourself into over and over without room or time to even be kind to yourself...