I don't know what to doHi everyone, I just joined so I don't know what to expect but here it goes. I have felt depressed since a young age and I've never really told a professional adult like a counselor or doctor or whatever. I have never wanted to die because my past self would say that I should never think like that but a little before the start of quarantine I started to think like that and every day it gets worse.  When home alone I would try and cut my wrists with the kitchen knifes because that was the sharpest thing I could get my hands on. It didn't really leave a big mark, It just looked like my cat scratched me (at the time she was still alive, R.I.P Molly). I started using the scissors in my room and that has left a mark a bit but it barely bled and then I took apart my pencil sharpener (not electric) and tried that but I stuck to the scissors and then I burned my arm with my hot glue gun and it had the burn bubbles and felt weird but now there's just a faint scar. Before I tried using everything else, when I was only using the kitchen knives, I told my mom about how I'm sad all the time for no reason and have tried to cut my wrists with the kitchen knives and she asked me if I wanted to die and at the time I didn't so I said no and she said that's good and then we hugged and I went back into my room to go to sleep. That was a couple months ago. Talking to her about that stuff was the hardest thing I have ever done. She never talked to me about it again. A couple of weeks ago I confronted her and told her that I came to her expecting to be helped because I was desperate but she thought I was just telling her how I felt just to let her know. WHAT!? IF SOMEONE COMES TO YOU AND TELLS YOU THEY HAVE BEEN SELF HARMING, YOU HELP THEM. YOU DON'T JUST SIT THERE JUST KNOWING THEY FEEL THAT WAY AND THINKING IT'S OKAY THAT YOU'RE NOT DOING ANYTHING. If you don't do anything about it, it's most likely going to lead to more and more and then wanting to die which it did. After confronting her she said that everyday we can meet and talk about how I'm feeling. The next day we didn't because she forgot and then forgot again and again and again. IS SHE ACTUALLY WORRIED ABOUT ME? I know that's stupid because I know that my mom loves me and I love her and she would never not worry about me but sometimes it feels that way. We haven't talked about it since. Am I the one who's supposed to bring it up? I don't know! sorry for the long rant, I hope someone will read this.