I’m on the verge of ending it all because my ex cheated on me.I know how stupid the title sounds. I’m F19 by the way.

In the span of 6 years, I lost my mom, my home, my family. I lost everything I had to my name. I moved to another new town month by month. In high school I had a long distance relationship with someone from my hometown. At first things were good but they turned bad fast. It lasted 2 years.

He cheated on me constantly, and he wasn’t shy about letting me know about it. He compared me to them, always found something he didn’t like about me. Because of my low self esteem and the fact he would threaten suicide everytime I would leave, I stayed. He called me worthless, a ret*arded orphan who would never have a chance at normal life. He told me I was broken and nobody but the lowest of the low would want me. That I would end up dead in my 20s anyway. Even though I had a job, even though I graduated high school, even though I at the fine made a purchase for a new PS4, something I really wanted, and he had none of it. He was deeply jealous of me, that much was true. I still cared for him.

I moved out at 18 on my own. I left him after some particularly nasty things he told me. A few months later I dated an old friend of mine. But I can’t stop crying every night. My ex was right. My depression and anxiety are so rampant it makes it hard for me to focus on school work. I don’t know what I want to do. My confidence is dogshit. I get jealous at the mere sight of another woman to the point where I get constant panic attacks. I haven’t left my apartment in months (helped by recent events lol). I got a therapist again but she doesn’t seem to believe how bad it is. Everytime I log onto YouTube and see any female ESPECIALLY ones with blonde or reddish hair, gothic, weeb-ish, punk, I seriously think of harming myself. I almost tried it a week ago after a video where this girl talked about how she was Wiccan (something my ex cheated on me with, a Wiccan girl). I can’t look at pandas, golden retrievers, the color purple, certain tv shows, without harming myself in a depressive state. I can’t stop crying. I hate how much he changed me. I want this to go away. 

My current relationship is suffering because of my insecurities. I’ve already accused him on cheating on me by talking to one of his friends. He’s tried to comfort me through multiple panic attacks. E wants to stay but I can tell he’s becoming distant. It’s only a matter of time til he leaves me for another girl, I can feel it. I know it’s going to happen. I never asked for any of this. I just wanted to be a normal girl. I can’t take it anymore. 

I’m sorry for my mom. She died while in so much pain, being a single mom looking after an ungrateful brat. And I’m ending it because some stupid boy cheated on me and the thoughts won’t stop screaming in my head. I’m scared that I’m going to hurt my boyfriend. He loves me so much and I’m scared I’m going to traumatize him if I do something. I’m so scared, nowhere I go is safe anymore.