What did I do to deserve this.
           My life is never going to be the same. Never. I have not felt a single emotion since this fucking mess started. I am so empty. so lost. So much nothing. There is no substance here anymore. My brain is gone. My body is far away.
I hate my life. It's always the same thing all of the time. Nobody knows. And I doubt anyone cares, but that's because I don't even care anymore. Nothing's real at all. So why do I keep on doing this? But I'm afraid of death. I'm afraid it will be the same nothing. The same emptiness. And I can never go back. But I'm tired. I'm so tired. I don't want to do this anymore. I hate myself and I hate my life. I wish I was dead.
     But then, what?
  I buy material possessions because I feel like I can distract myself with them. I become afraid when it does not work.
It never works.
I don't have any friends. Nobody knows, and nobody cares.
It's not their problem. Why should it be?
"I'm bored." I say.
I'm bored because I know that no matter what I do, no matter what I accomplish or achieve, it won't matter. It doesn't matter.

And to my dad - I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry you spend so much time and money on me. I hate disappointing you, but I'm a failure. I'm stupid and forgetful. I'm lazy and I'm useless. I'm unmotivated and a dead end. And I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry about that.
I don't know what's happening or what's wrong with me. I wish I could say I hate it, that I want it to be gone.

But I'm so used to it. I'm so far gone that I know nothing will help. I absolutely know it won't. So what am I doing here?

Nothing.
Absolutely nothing. I'm annoying and I waste everyone's time. I'm a drag. I'm going nowhere fast and I know it.

I don't know where to go. I don't know what to do. I don't know anything. I don't know what's going on, and I can't be bothered to do anything about it.

I'm sorry, but I give up. I just can't do it anymore. I really can't.

I don't have any effort to put towards anything, and I really don't want to. I just want to fade away and disappear. Be gone forever. Never see anything else. Never speak again.

In the words of Layne Staley:
       " no one to cry to, no place to call home.
and yet I fight this battle all alone

I'd feel better dead"

I'm so disappointed in myself So sad that I've had to burden my parents for 16 years only to amount to nothing. I hate thinking about the future, because all I see is the same goddamned thing. 

And I don't want to stick around for that.