I don't know how to not give upThree months ago I got hyperacusis, tinnitus, panic/anxiety disorder, light sensitivity/visual disturbances, shaking/spasming attacks, pains in my head/face/neck, amidst other general unwell symptoms following three days of antibiotics (xiflaxan and neomycin) to attempt to address digestive issues that I've had for four years and greatly worsened a year ago, which are now only worse (a year ago I weighed 245, I now weigh 160). I was unable to sleep and my reflux also became much worse. They gave me ativan to sleep at night which I'm still on 3 months later and I'm sure is fucking my body up more. 

I'm stuck in my parents basement unable to tolerate barely any noise, constantly in discomfort, ears ringing 24/7, and now I've been diagnosed with Lyme disease. They say it could be the reason for everything but I'm pretty sure my ears are just damaged and the antibiotics (IV Ceftriaxone) are just making the debilitating hyperacusis and tinnitus worse. I can't drive, I can't go outside, I can't do anything except suffer in discomfort in this basement all day every day. I have little hope the antibiotics will make me better, and even then I have benzo addiction/withdrawal to get through, and the state of my ears has taken away any chance of really living again.

I'm trying so hard not to just give up and kill myself, it's day 5 of the antibiotics and my ears hurt and keep ringing harder each day, no sign of any getting better to give me hope (and my understanding is it was never going to get better before getting worse first), I'm just so hopeless and alone and angry about how unfair this all is and why did it happen to me, all I wanted was to be able to keep living life, have friends, hobbies, go out, find the right girl (my gf broke up with me a week after all this started). I'm broken and I don't think I can be fixed. And I'm stuck in this tiny ass town (Pasadena MD) in my parents basement all alone, just wishing someone would come hug me and keep me safe tonight but I'm always just alone. I keep having to fight off thoughts of just cutting the end of my PICC line and ending it. I don't even want to call 911 for help if it came to it because every drive in a car hurts my ears so much more.

I don't know what to do. I'm trying so hard not to give up and end it, to have hope that maybe there will be some sort of recovery and I will be able to live again, but I feel so hopeless and alone and in so much pain.