IsolationI've heard it my entire life: suicide is selfish. Think of the people who love you. Think of who you'll be hurting.

This has always been at the back of my mind. During every attempt, every fantasy, every fleeting thought. Sometimes it helps. Other times it makes it hurt even worse. Why should I have to feel this way when I can't even reach out to the people I'm enduring it for?

The people in my life love me, but I cannot talk to them about anything. Either they worry and jump to conclusions or they become uncomfortable. I can't blame them. I'm a handful.

I've had to adopt personas. There's "alright" me and there's "very much not alright" me. Alright me can handle polite conversation and basic responsibility (deadlines at work, showering at least once a week, keeping appointments, etc.). I use this with my family members and my coworkers.

Very much not alright me has several self-destructive coping techniques. The only person who has gotten a glimpse of that is my best friend, but even he only gets random emotional outbursts. 

I feel terrible every time it happens. He's the only person I can tell about how I feel without the risk of being hospitalized. But he's so busy all the time, and often I'll text something, feel bad when an hour/a day/a week passes and I haven't heard anything. Then I'll feel back for feeling bad. Several messages and apologies later, and I feel like shit for trying to reach out, and then for being such a bitch, and then for being such an emotional drain.

I won't get into the details, but I've had the worst luck with friendships. I've been screwed over, abandoned, and utterly destroyed by people before. I have so much baggage it's ridiculous. On top of that I'm incredibly socially awkward. I don't know why anyone would want to be my friend.

I wouldn't wish that on anyone.

Recently, I've been trying to push him away. I say it's for me, so that I have time to figure stuff out, but it's for his own good. I'm not worth the energy.

Suicide isn't selfish, but the fewer people you have to consider in that moment sure does help make the decision easier.
