Literally no help or hopeI feel like I’ve been screaming it from the rooftops for a few weeks now, waiting for someone, anyone to acknowledge this feeling in me and make me believe that I need to stay alive but at this point it’s just falling on deaf ears. I’ve always hidden my darkest emotions, I’ve hidden the abuse and the pain and never burdened anyone with any of it. I hid it all to protect everyone else and everything I’ve ever done I did for the good of those around me. I’m at the end of my road now though. I am going to kill myself, I just don’t know exactly when. Every day is the same, I’m falling deeper and deeper into a vortex of despair and hopelessness and nobody is listening. I ring the mental health crisis line and they don’t help, they just try to tell me things like ‘have a warm shower and hop into bed’, lady, I am so far past meditating and having warm showers, I’m ready to bite the arteries out of my arms and rip the shower head out of the wall. All my life I have done all the right things, I haven’t been a recluse hiding away giving into my darkness, I’ve been out, working and losing jobs after a few months cause of my mental health, I’ve been eating right and exercising and getting sun and being grateful and doing mindfulness and now none of it works anymore!!! All people want to do is make me say that I’m ok so that they don’t have to check on me and so they can feel better and so I can be there to do whatever they need me to do for them, not one person has heard me when I’m trying to tell them that this really is it for me, I don’t know what else to do or how to explain the seriousness and the depths of my despair. There is no way out, I can’t get therapy for this, I can’t talk about these things, these things cannot be shared. The shame and the guilt is too much, I just can’t speak the words of what the root cause of all this is, it’s too much. Even if I could, telling some random stranger will not being an end to any of this. There is no help, there is no hope, I’m screaming and saying right now that I have made up my mind that I will kill myself, I just don’t know when, and yet here I am, alone in silence because nobody believes me.