Im not selfish and Im tired of being called itI dont really want to die, I really don't.  I just want to escape the painful life im being subjected towards by the result of my own mistakes.  People keep telling me im selfish and dont care because I want to but do they really understand? No. They dont. They just dont want to feel bad over it.  They arent the ones waking up every single day crying their guts away, constantly under tremendous pain to where I cant even think or express my personality.  They arent going through the suffering I am going through and they will never experience it.  Yes I get that people go through similar situations but how it affects you is far different by the person.  

Im being told that by openly speaking about me wanting to kill myself is a pitty plea or that im seeking attention.  ITS NOT AND IM NOT.   I WANT HELP AND IM NOT GETTING IT. I DONT EVEN BELIEVE I CAN BE HELPED BUT ALL I GET IS PEOPLE TELLING ME HOW THEY WONT FORGIVE ME OR WILL HATE ME OR THAT IM SELFISH AND JUST WANT THE EASY WAY OUT.

I have nothing in life and Im stuck inside of an emotional torment watching the love of my life move on with her life and literally showing her body to random people and obviously having sex with people or wanting to (AS SHES TOLD ME) after A MONTH. a MONTH after breaking up and she completely sees me as a nobody now. Blatantly doesnt care that im suicidal and I literally dont care. I still deeply love her and I forgive it. Shes going through a lot of pain too but it fucking hurts so much.  I wont go into detail but if you want to know the situation go and look at my profile and posts.

I never loved or wanted life. I just lived it because I had to. For 2 years I had someone who made life worth living, could make me cry when i never cried in my entire life. Made me feel positive emotions in my life like i never had before.  She made me truly happy and I messed it up so now its gone and we may possibly be together again.

 I know im the cause for this im tired of it.  Im tired of living a life i dont want, im being forced to live and suffer this pain when I cant handle it.  I cry every single day. Many times and it hurts. It hurts so much.  Ive picked up cutting as to give myself scars to taint my body with what I deaerve. The pain from it is entirely deserved and I just cant do it.

Life is just a failure for me. Im a failure. I couldnt keep the love of my life and now she thinks of me as a noody and finds my torment inconvenient to her.  

I wont last this weekend. I can tell you that.  I will have the money to accomplish it.   Please try and stop me.  I really dont want to die.  I just cant do this pain anymore