Do I even exist in the first place?It's difficult to present yourself as someone who believes themselves to be unique and lone in their plight when everyone else claims to feel the same way. However, I've been dealing with absolute loneliness for an entire lifetime and have attempted suicide once already, all whilst constantly searching for someone who could've helped me understand my place in this world. It's hard to imagine that there is anyone out there with a similar thought process and state of mind when you've lived your entire life searching for any such person to no avail.

I've lived my entire 21 years alone alongside neglecting parents who've substituted their presence during my childhood with video games that were supposed to fill the void. I had close to no social training during my earliest stages of life, and so the only friends I could've made during my childhood were through the games I played at the time. At school I was only known as the eccentric shy kid that no one would bother themselves with. I grew up playing a lot of RPGs and FF. I remember at a very early age I got my hands on FF7 for the PS, I must've been 8 or 9 at the time. I played that game on and off for years, I don't think I beat it until I was 12 something years old. At that time I had already familiarized myself with the game and all it's characters, I had grown up associating my personality and sense of self with this game and the many others I had played. As time progressed throughout my childhood I only became more and more eccentric and weird considering everything about me was based off video games and a culture no one really understood. I never managed to find anyone I could've called a close friend, and in my later teens I had learned to keep to myself and not open up to anyone as it would only lead to confusion and on my end, hurt.

I feel as if though my life was never real, it took place on some far away land where I grew up happily surrounded by people that were never real. Reality is fiction to me. I am going to die and become part of what was never real, this time for sure.