If there wasn't people that would be emotionally destroyed by my suicide I'd kill myself right now.Yeah there is some swearing and some stuff in here that may trigger the depressed so read at own risk. (I'm male by the way it always annoys me when you don't know the gender of the writer)

This isn't some cry for help or any crap like that I just feel the need to vent my thoughts. I wouldn't say I'm a particularly depressed or sad or any of that. I just don't really see the point of anything, there really is none. Why bother lying to myself that there is a valid point to what I do and that it makes a difference to the world in any way. There is none, but to be contradictory to what I said there's no point in sitting around and doing nothing either. I try to enjoy the things I do and generally I do most of the time, but there's always that stupid inner voice telling me its pointless because you'll die anyway. Why live a great life that's hard work when you can live a easy one with low resistance waiting to finally die and fade into nothing. What motivates people to acquire money to buy worthless crap that only satisfies for a brief moment? What is the point in having a family? To be loved HAHA that is laughable there is no such thing as love there is only such thing as necessity animals don't have love because its not necessary they get the job done then part ways (with the few exceptions of certain animals). Your pets don't truly love you they just act affectionate out of necessity so that you feed them more food. The same goes with human "love" we only "bond" with someone so we can get something out of it such as sex, security, money whatever the hell someone wants. Love is just a made up concept so that businesses can profit off everyone stupidity. existence is an absolute joke and the people that try to come up with an explanation for something as incomprehensible as existence only do it for their own benefit. how can you believe in religion? it just blows my mind how there are people out there that are to scared to face the reality that they are not special and they will die and fade away like everyone else, no shiny gates no nothing. they will say shit like "god hasn't show himself to you yet" or "i know something you don't" get fucked you condescending prick you just listen like a sheep to a book written by people that didn't have the knowledge we have today so they came up with some bullshit because they couldn't explain it. Everyone feels like they're special but no one really is not even me, but here is a paradox at least I know that I'm not special. But the fact that I say I know proves that I still think that I'm special because I can see this fact, which is why one human can never trust another one fully and everything someone does is just a mask to hide their darker thoughts. This is proven by the horrible shit that people say on the internet because they have anonymity which gives them no consequences for their actions.

Wow that is a big rant. Words just spewed on to the page .... sorry.

The main point I was trying to get across is that I hate that there is people that care about me because I would love to just kill myself right now and end the endless melancholy of this world. But the thing that holds me back is the fact that it would devastate my family. And even though I hate everyone in their own special way I'd still feel guilty if I hurt them like that. So that means unfortunately I have to wait until I either die of natural causes or all of the people close to me die. Not saying I wish death on them just saying it would be alot easier if they didn't care.

TL:DR
If i didn't have  close friends and family I would kill myself because I would have no reason to feel guilty about it.