Strange situation I need to get off of my chestI suppose I belong here but I'm about 17 years early. 

I'm 32, and I have a 10 year old son. If it were not for him I would be done and gone now or a few years ago even. Literally nothing in my life has gone as planned or how I ever envisioned. I'm industrious, flexible, realistic. I'm attractive and funny, I have many many close friends who I cherish. I've had 2 long-term relationships; 1 marriage and 1 engagement. Both ended when I was cheated on. I have now been single 4 years and I know I can never handle another relationship. Too much damage has been done. You know that saying "better to have loved and lost than never loved at all?" Complete bullshit. I live every day knowing exactly the companionship and love I am missing. I have been lonely my whole life and I've endured the last few years with an attitude of working on myself, spending time focusing on what I want and what I need, and being the best mom I can possibly be. Frankly, I know my limits. I think I could occupy myself and keep my mind busy for my whole life alone if I didn't know what I was missing. The last few years after getting over the last relationship I've simply been existing and keeping myself busy but the deep excruciating pain of loneliness and solitude is slowly chipping away at me. I feel like my personality is fading and I'm losing everything that used to excite me. I've gone through my hobbies and interests and nothing is as bright or fulfilling as it used to be. I don't expect someone else go fill that void but I also know I won't find that joy again no matter what. If I didn't have my son, I would end everything now because the idea of suffering through so many more bleak years is completely crushing. My sons father is an excellent parent, his wife loves my son like her own, and I have no concern about him growing up to be a wonderful person. I won't kill myself before he's an adult but if I can hold out until he is 27 or 28 I hope it will have a lesser impact on him if at all possible. I just know I absolutely cannot go any longer than that feeling how I feel - it's slowly getting darker and bleaker as the years pass and I acknowledge that I'll never find anyone who loves me, I'll never be good enough for anyone to stick around. I'll never have more children. I'll always be the one on the outside, the single friend, the one who gets to watch everyone else's relationships and have children and know so clearly that I'm done having that in my life. I hope I can make it another 17 years because they feel longer and sadder as they crawl by. The last 12 years have been a rollercoaster and as it smooths out and calms down, I'm left with very little but disappointment and mistakes and it feels too late to fix it. I'm aging and losing my cuteness, I'm losing the youthfulness, and I wake up in a panic thinking about how I'll ever survive enderly years being lonelier than I am now. My only comfort is giving my son the best start possible and knowing I have an escape plan. So here's my suicide warning I suppose, 17 years early. 