ruminationsyes, i contemplate suicide often, as do plenty of people. my life seems to be getting worse, as are many peoples, blah blah. i could tell you the myriad self-inflicted tragedies that have brought me, not to a depressed place, but a place of dull, gray apathy--but to what end? what i am not here for is mindless optimism or encouragement (it will get better! cause i totally know what your life is like!), not for sympathy because really, fuck me. I didnt rape no babies, but I have wasted the time, money and patience of many good people. I certainly pity the poor, blind fools that care about me. 

this brings me to my point: my only real bar from suicide (besides cowardice; anyone who says a person who commits suicide is a coward could do with a healthy dose of Websters) is the pain it would cause my family. my poor little siblings wouldnt understand, my mother would be a wreck, etc. i posit that it is more hurtful to them to continue.

but surely that cant be! just ask them, they would prefer you alive!

well yes, but they labor under the opinion that there is hope. if the last decade has taught me anything, it is this: i am a waste of resources. to be clear, i dont feel like i need to do something especially fantastic to deserve life; life is reason enough to keep living, if you are satisfied with it. i am not. i have burned more bridges than i can count, soiling my academic and professional record to the point that i can see grim shapes in the nebulous fog of the coming future: mediocrity, toil, self-loathing. my very existence, knowing that i had potential (oh, the crushing pressure of expectation) and squandered it, must cause some pain and discomfort already to my loved ones. so: do i owe it to them to keep living? do i owe it to every distant relative that will get bummed out by my death to go through the motions of life? fuck it, many millions better than me have come and gone. i just wanted some of the opinions of the hope brigade, if they would be so kind as to share them. in the meantime, i am going to go calculate how many days of nourishment my wasted tuition could have given an impoverished child. 