I don't care anymoreI feel like I should use a throwaway for this, but... I dont think I care enough.

I'm only in high school, but I feel like I've lived enough life to know I don't like it. I'm lazy, stupid, ugly, I have no talents or good traits, I'm awkward, and I'm just useless. 

I just hate myself. I hate myself so god damn much. I'm useless. I go to a self directed learning school (so no classes) and it worked well for me for a while since I couldnt focus in class, but at some point last year I just... Stopped functioning. I let everything overtake me. Now I'm practically a whole year behind and it feels so insurmountable. I have so much to do from grade 10 that Im just too stupid and lazy to do.

I have a crush on a girl, which seriously doesnt help. I met her through group therapy for social anxiety, interestingly enough, and shes a year below me just coming to my school this year. I really like her, but every time I think anything I just end up reminding myself how ugly and useless and unlikable I am. I try not to but I cant help it. Every time I see her, she seems to be talking with friends, getting work done. She seems like shes doing fantastic right now, at least it seems so externally, and I just sit in the corner and watch her succeed feeling like shit because shes younger than me and rocking it and I just don't do anything anymore.

I just... I just don't care anymore. The only think preventing me from ending it is my parents. I know it would hurt them. I wish it wouldn't. I wish everyone would just forget who I am so no one would care when I'm gone. If I didn't exist, nothing would be different. All of my few friends (who go to a different school than me, so they cant help me with school) would still be friends. My sister would just be an only child. None of my acquaintances at school would bat an eye.

It would be so easy, too. I'm diabetic, so all I would have to do is take some of my sleeping aids, crank up my insulin dosage, and just go to sleep and not wake up.

I just feel so done with everything. Sorry, thanks if you read any of this. I probably wouldn't.

Edit: I think ranting about it like the edgy teen that I am may have helped. That or I'm just drained for the day.