The only reason I won't commit suicide is because it is selfish.As of right now, I am a sophomore in high school. I have been contemplating suicide since I was in sixth grade, and, while I may have matured from the stupid reasons of killing myself while in sixth grade, the idea has stuck with me ever since. 

Lately, I'll wake up and feel a moment of, "oh, shit, I'm conscious again, time to start another day," and I have been daydreaming about putting a gun up to my throat and pulling the trigger.

In sixth grade, I had bad grades, causing chronic daily headaches because of stress from my parents and family. Everyone in my family claims I'm smart, that I'm just not applying myself properly, well I think "fuck them." They were never pressured by their parents as kids, my mom barely graduated high school, and my dad went to college willingly. Both my parents want me to go to college, and the only 'father to son' chat I've had recently (about 4 years, give or take a year) has been about how my GPA isn't high enough to go to college.

My parents won't listen to me either, about how I don't want to go. My dad thinks the only road to success is through college and good grades. He belittles me by saying, "the only job you could be good at is a gas station worker. He has been out of town for two months, and it has been bliss, (well more cheerful than normal, I still feel like shit) except for the nightly phone call he has with my mom. I typically hide from him, since I know if he requests to talk to me, we'll have another one of those 'father to son chats' I mentioned. 

He has been requesting that I keep a chart of my grades, since it worked for him in college. And that also doesn't help me feel any less like shit. He wants me to be like him. If I was to go to college, I would study medical sciences. He is an engineer, and tried to convince me to pursue it. "Hey your graph looks neat, you should be an engineer." No dad, I told you that I might want to be a paramedic, let me live my own life, if you wanted me to be like you, then you should have worked at a gas station, fucktard.

Another reason my parents don't like me is my brother. He has great grades. My mom will often favor him, no matter what the situation. She will come home at 3:30 some days, then yell at me for not having the dishes done, (I get home at 3:00) and often times, my brother will wait days before my mom mentions anything. He will sometimes swear at her, or be totally rude and disrespectful, and she let's him go after an apology. But if I "backtalk" trying to get her to understand one of my points, I get grounded.

I know my problems aren't the worst, but I haven't had a good day in a long time. Of the friends that I have, the only person I feel who could support me is a girl that likes me, but she is self centered, and into other guys, so I don't feel comfortable talking to her. My other friends joke around about me being worthless, and I often joke back. (Read as "I agree with them.)

I know she loves me, as I'm her child, and so does other family, but I know she is disappointed. Suicide would be selfish because it would cause her and all the people who 'love me' at school grief. But I still feel like swallowing a bunch of pills or shooting myself would be in my best interest.