What is there to live for?For the past few months, I’ve lost all interest in life, and questioning what I have to live for... one major reason for this just wanting to find someone that will love me back.

I’ve never had a girlfriend before, but I’ve had many girls who I’ve been interested in; all were not interested or just another roadblock would arise. I met a girl several months ago, and things have been great. We have a genuine connection, and we bring out the best out of both of us. The problem is, she is not single, yet I cannot seem to get over my emotions for her. I really do think she’s the one, but I realize this is something I should not pursue. I love her, and theoretically, if she’s happy (which she definitely is), I should be happy too, right? I want the absolutely best for her. Unfortunately, that isn’t the case...and it’s really been destroying me mentally. I know she’s happy, but I just hate it isn’t with me; I’m mad at nobody but myself. I completely get that there’s a million girls out there, but man, is it so frustrating. We both have bright futures (she is currently a Ph.D student and I will be a 1st year med student), but I hate how our futures will not involve each other. I’ve tried different options to reduce/limit my depression, but it’s gotten to the point where I do not know if I can control it any more. I’ve had very dark thoughts about ending it, but I realize my problems will not end; they will go to my family members who I do not want to hurt. I just don’t see a point in living anymore if my life is just gonna throw girls in front me who are all not interested. I’ve always want to spoil my wife and kids, but as I’ve gotten older, I’ve realized money really does not buy happiness....


I completely get that I’m still young and I will meet lots of cool, interesting people in my future. There’s a cool physician on social media that I follow who happens to be single and is living an amazing life. Comparing yourself to others is usually a recipe to disaster, but he is a very good looking man who will have no trouble finding a S/O. And that’s the problem for me. I’ve always been confident with my looks, but from a rational POV, I realize I’m way below average and there’s much better looking, more interesting guys out there who always seem to get the attention. I would always be the guy who would try to chat casually to people, but they always move away to me to other people like I’m nothing...

I know this is all in my head, and ultimately it’s up to me if I want overcome this obstacle, but damn do I feel defeated. I want to make a difference in other people’s lives, but how can I do that if I can’t even fix myself?