I can't stand being in my own body after what I've done I'm 14, in high school (well, not really), and I just want to die. I'm currently receiving 'treatment' for anorexia, I'm not allowed in school and I can't fucking stand it, but not nearly as much as I can't fucking stand my body and my mind. 
 I've had a longtime crush on a girl, named Ellie - the sweetest, happiest, most beautiful, most full of life embodiment of pure perfection you'll ever meet - and I've wronged her so deeply. About a year ago, when I first developed feelings for her, they were purely sexual, and I voiced that to my friends. I know now that this is completely inappropriate, and I never should have done this. This alone is not particularly bad, but it's the fact that one of my friends told her, and even after she asked me to stop, I continued.
 I made her feel so uncomfortable that she told a friend of mine that she felt physically sickened to even look at me, but I lacked the empathy - the human emotion - to feel sorry for her, and instead felt sorry for only myself because of the fact that she would no longer speak to me - or if she would - she was unbelievably mean to me.
 10 months passes and it's the next academic year, and I'm still obsessed with her. I'm talking to a friend of mine across the table about Ellie, and I say, 'Hey, if Ellie ever asks you to hold her sweater or something, could you send it my way so I can smell it?'. Creepy as hell - disgusting, I know. Anyway, he tells a girl, named Jess, what I've said, and she says to me that she's going to tell Ellie. I then pull out a razor blade and say, 'If you do that, I'll cut myself'. 
 This girl, however, get's the wrong idea, and thinks I'm threatening her. She and Ellie both tell a police officer what's happened, and I get removed from any classes with Ellie, and have to sit on the other side of the room to Jess.
 I can't believe I made these two girls feel that uncomfortable to be around me, and that Jess and Ellie both felt UNSAFE around me. I'll never forgive myself for what I've done.
 I never meant to hurt either of them, and I would never even dream of it, but I have, and I deserve to die for it. 
 I'm just so depressed about this and the fact that Ellie won't even speak to me anymore, I don't know what to do other than to end my own life.

 Peace,
 Love,
 Empathy,

  Isaac Cain