I think I wanted to kill myself yesterdaySomebody told me to post this here so here I am. 

So yesterday me and all of my class had a party because that day we did the first part for our finals. We had to write 15 pages on a specific theme and on that day we had to turn the paper in. So to celebrate it we decided as I said to throw a party.

I was excited for it all day long. I even went and bought new clothes and stuff to look good. I really hoped that maybe today's the day where I can maybe flirt with someone or make out with someone so I really prepared for the party.

But as usual. I talked a lot to people but I couldn't drink because I had to drive. So the party came to the point where everyone had danced and had fun while sober me was sitting there too sober to dance, browsing reddit. I don't even blame my friends why would I. Every now and then someone came up to me and grabbed my hand to dance but I was too afraid of it. I even declined the offer from the girl I like that's how uncomfortable dancing was for me. I then went to the bathroom and couldn't resist hitting myself in the face. I hated myself so bad. 

As you can probably already tell there was no flirting and also no making out so lonely ass me drove home late at night.  While driving I really thought about what I did today. I bought all that stuff spent an hour or two in the bathroom and was just simply hopeful that today is the day. all that for as usual nothing. And I found it funny. I apparently found it really funny that I was so hopeful cause I just laughed. I laughed really really hard until the laughing slowly transformed to crying then to laughing again and back to crying. After a while that cycle stopped and I just couldn't breathe anymore. I breathed really fast and unusual just like in a panic attack. But all of that stopped too suddenly. No crying, no laughing... Just plain emotionlessnes. I did not feel ANYTHING that moment. Everything was suddenly gone and away. So I held the steering wheel straight. I saw that there was a turn coming up but I held it straight, ready to smash into the tree that was there. I drove until I got In the opposite lane when I "woke" up again. That was the moment I realized what I was about to do and turned the steering wheel back over again. I was seriously shocked. I really was about to kill myself. That's what all has been coming to

And I know it might not sound like a suicidal attempt because I stopped it just at the right time but for me this was a really heavy experience and I wanted to write it down.