Barely any emotions, antidepressantsMy psychiatrist prescribed antidepressants for me because I've been having a tough period lately with my family. I'm 14, and I've been staying home a lot from school lately. What i feel in the mornings is that it's easier to stay home, a lot of the times I'm tired, probably because I don't get enough sleep. I can get pretty emotional and I get bad headaches - or migraines. I admit I make a lot of mistakes and don't like gogoing out much. I do martial arts and lost interest in it then stopped going. I have a fear that it could cause more harm than benefits, I've also read that suicide rates in teens are doubled with antidepressants. I haven't ever contemplated suicide, although I have gotten really emotional when I get in an argument with my mom, who starts yelling, to the point where sometimes I close my ears and block her out. I started taking antidepressants yesterday and feel like it's hard to laugh. Don't think coffee is the best combination either... I'm grounded for 6 more weeks because of being absent from school. I feel strange, to the point where it scares me, that I've changed ever since yesterday. I look back at the problems we had and they look so little to the point where i wonder if it's necessary. When i read the ibcreased rate of sucide, I won't get it it, right? Maybe my psychiatrist should have evaluated me more carefully? Perhaps it is hormonal? I feel kind of emotionless. Not sad but not happy... placebo effect? My mom says it takes about two weeks so it's all in my head. I hope. I mean, not emotionless like being a psychopath. Also, I feel like my memory is a tad worse. Part of my left side of my scalp hurts, as if it's inflammed. My counselor told me it's a tension headache. And shit, to add onto all this, I have visual snow syndrome... please reassure me I'm not a victom of antidepressants being handed out like candy. Please help, I feel different, in a bad way, kind of like depersonalizaton/derealization., its kind of scary,