Just some rants...I would not say that I currently am suicidal, though the thoughts linger, that is something that I'll admit. I have attempted to strangle myself twice already, but I had reassured myself that things would get better before it. But right now, I'm at my wits end, things are going sour everywhere, and I just feel helpless and alone; in a way, like many people in this subreddit.

I'll post some details. My main issue comes from my "friends." These are people I would hang out with, and yet there's no connections, nothing realistic to bind us together. I always feel like the odd man out; rather I know. I was gone for a week and nobody noticed, except for a few individuals. In honesty all I want is one friend that I can rely on no matter what; just one real friend that would always be there for me, and yet here I am, alone. It always bothers me how I'll always ask how their day was on Steam or text them if they need anything, and nobody will say anything to me. I'll be on Steam all day, and not a single damn message. Not a single one. I have to be the guy that messages people, I'm the guy that listens to their shit, I'm the guy always their, and when its my turn to get help, their backs are turned, they're "busy", they're this and that and this and that and this and that. I just don't find it that fair. 

And yet at the same time, I've been fighting with the idea that life truly is meaningless. It just seems that we're always striving for something better, a better job, etc, and yet there isn't really a point. In the end, we're all going to die, our endeavors forgotten, and our names to be lost in the wind. It just doesn't seem fair for me to go out and get shit on, only to get nothing in the end. 

I don't know, I just needed to rant, though those are just the big issues. I might be a bit scatter brained right now, but thanks in advance. Love you guys for your awesome work, and I can only float on right? But basically I'm asking myself, why shouldn't I just point the gun in my head and end it now?