I don't know what to doI'm so lost... Almost every day is just the same  
When I first thought about killing myself I was 15 years old. I was a teenager and stupid and I was sure if I will keep things will change. I hated myself so much. I hated the fact that  I'm not one of those real men. the alpha male. the outgoing guys that everybody likes. the kind of people everyone wants to be around. I was a kid and I was sure it will change.  
I'm 27 now. It's like every year it's getting worse. But now it's different. Every day it's like the same nightmare. I cry myself to sleep almost every day. I cry during the day. I became bad at my job, I see no reason to keep up with the studies for my degree, I became a bad friend, bad son, and bad uncle and it's killing me...I'm gay and I just can't talk about this with anyone. I don't feel comfortable talking about any of this mess with anyone that I know. Even with the closest people around me, my family, and friends. And I feel like I will never be able to do that.  I always fall in love with guys that will never love me obviously because they are straight. I don't think that people even want to be my friends because I''m not that outgoing and cool or interesting guy... There is this guy I'm so in love with... I'm in love with someone that I'm also so jealous of and that will never be mine. but it's not really about him. .It's like he is the beacon of anything that I will never have and anything that I will never be. a reminder of all of this shit. and he is not the first one. so I'm so that there will always be that person in my life.

 I feel just like a big walking lie. I'm not myself with anyone that I know so I don't think that anyone really knows me and no one can really love me. I feel like I will never be able to be loved by anyone and have real relationships because I will never be able to be real, so I will forever be alone, And I will never be able to explain why I'm not getting married or having kids or whatever it will be that has anything to do with being normal.  I feel like I will never be able to feel loved and that I will forever be alone. I don't have anyone that I can talk to, I just don't want any of this anymore. I feel like I'm being punished by god. maybe I did something wrong and this is just I supposed to feel my whole life.

I don't want any of this anymore. I just pretend and pretend... I really want to just fade. I always think about methods that will be the fastest and painless... 

I really don't know what to do anymore... I don't even know why I'm writing this... I just want to stop being me. I'm mad at myself and the world. I wish I was not born

just fuck with this world and this life. fuck it all