After losing my only friendship I've been feeling suicidal lately, I'm afraid I'll do it one day...It's has been 2 months since I lost the only friend I ever had in my life. We was dependent on her to make me happy, I know that's  not a good thing but my loneliness made it so I got attached to her, we talked every single day for almost 6 months, she opened up to me about so many things, and i was always there to listen to her and try to maker her smile even though I wasn't happy myself.

I didn't realize at the time but I was getting too involved in her problems and her drama, I wanted to be there for her, I wanted to help her but I wasn't in a position to do so, I was broken myself but my empathy made it so I was risking my own well being in order to be there for her.

She started to get distant from me after a while, saying she wanted to be alone to focus on work and school and that she didn't want to talk with anyone, it made me feel really bad because she was the only person I could talk to, but I still respected her decision and gave her space even though it was really hard for me. I even wrote a letter to try and make her feel better and everything. 

She came back a couple of weeks later talking about how we should take things in a more relaxed way, even questioning if I had feelings for her, saying we wouldn't work as a couple cause I was too emotional and that we cared too much about each other.  Saying she would have less and less time to talk and I felt destroyed, I never saw her as a romantic partner I just wanted a friend I could talk to that's all.

I still respected her decision and gave her space, it was Damm hard for me I cried everyday, I wanted to talk with someone and I couldn't cause there was no one there, she was the only one.

After a while we started talked again but things where different, she was acting differently saying things that didn't make sense, I was always there for her from the beginning she told me things she never told anyone and I was there listening and being kind to her and never judging her. one days she would say I was really the most caring and understanding person she ever met, that she never had a conection like ours in her life that I was her best friend and the most amazing person she knows, but this time she started saying I wasn't understanding, that our conection wasn't the same our friendship wasn't the same, that things had changed and she didn't want to have "deep" conversations anymore, I felt heartbroken, I have my best to this person, o sacrificed my own mental health for her, because I wanted to be there for her, she was my only friend, how could she say those things after all I did for her?

I reacted poorly, I let my emotions take the better of me and I said some things I shouldn't have said, i regret the way I reacted so much, we got into an argument and in the end she said "maybe we can talk later", I tried appoogizing but she blocked me on everything and I can't talk with her anymore. Later I found out she was seeing someone, maybe that's why she acted the way she did. 

I as been two months I still think about her everyday, I lost all my energy I have no will to live anymore, I gave my best to someone, I have everything I had even when I needed it for myself , I was there for her for every everything and I was throw to the side like I was nothing.

She always said if one day we got into an argument that she felt we could talk it trough, but I guess even that was a lie, she moved on so quickly not ven looking back.

Meanwhile I'm sitting here broken, alone without a will to live, still thinking about her every day. I just wanted a friend that's all.