been thinking abt it latelyI’ve always been like. incredibly susceptible to suicidal thoughts and behaviors since like age 10 (no one ever did anything abt it bcus it was always read as attention seeking behaviors and my parents “refused to buy into it”) and now I’m nearing 7 years with the hell that is major depressive disorder and it’s. not getting better. at all.
I am absolutely miserable beyond words even if my medications make me feel slightly better on a base level. I’m short as fuck (not even 5’ and physically cannot grow anymore because apparently my dad didn’t love me enough to give me good genes lmao), wet koala levels of ugly, horrendously overweight with a metabolism that makes it genuinely impossible to lose weight, and my health is getting worse and worse every day because my dumb ass doctors can’t be bothered to figure out what’s wrong with me beyond “well you outwardly look fine so just take some ibuprofen, eat your veggies, and exercise” (if they even looked @ my medical records they’d know I can’t even have ibuprofen but whatever 🙃)
I really could keep going on and on about whats got me so down. but the point is I genuinely do not think I should be here anymore. at all. none of that “buhbuhbuh life gets better1!1!” bullshit because no, no it doesn’t, not when you’re like this. this body feels broken and malformed already and I supposedly haven’t even “begun” living yet, whatever that means. and to top it all off I’m apparently autistic as well according to my mother, she just never bothered getting a formal diagnosis on me when my THREE YEAR OLD SELF saw a counselor since she didnt want me to have an excuse for not doing as well as my neurotypical classmates. yeah. I really wish I was making that shit up. 
so all in all I’m basically a prototype of a functional adult that failed before it could ever really begin. I’ve been suicidal for so long I genuinely can’t imagine going to college outside of idle fantasy and living past 20 is a complete fuckin nope. 

not sure when or how, but one day, it’s gonna happen. I just know it. and it’s all I really know I can look forward to these days. it’s sad and over dramatic but like, whatever, you know. what else can you really do about it.