Dear Suicide Watch, I am at a loss for myself.I am the cliché strong one. But to this day I am not sure why.

I, as a child watched my family drift away, and return two faced. The actions around myself were never the same around others, even at a younger age I felt this was something I could not respect and instead refused to learn anything about life. I choose instead to spend time to look around me and learn from what I saw, what I felt was right or justified. While this by far does not leave me perfect, it is how I grew and began to learn. 



Years later, as a late teen I began to experiance the joys of watching others go through teenage depression. While I could not myself understand their sadness and suicidal urges, I felt it was truly wrong for someone to feel so sad that it was the only way to get away, so I tried and tried as best I could to bring upon myself sadness and grief, to try and feel emotion which I commonly did not feel. After all I knew only myself, and family could not bring out feelings in me. 

Even after all these years, as anice almost 25 year old today, I see how much of a strange and poor choice that was. For I felt that sadness, and it ate me alive, but I had nothing to lose. Nothing to run from. Nothing to fear or hide, nothing to motivate me to take these horrible feelings over the edge. 

There are days I try to grieve, days I feel empty, numb. But u can't figure out why. I for the longest time have hidden this fact from those I helped out of their siutation, because I felt I was the only thing keeping them around, regardless of if that was true or not then, it has been years since I have had these talks. 

I pretend I live for others, or any other reason I can imagine sounds nice, but in the end, I feel hopeless. 

I am stuck,  here, and now, in a world I distract myself not to stop myself, but so that I can have a moment I'm not thinking there is nothing.  

And I wonder, what if I had a reason? A decision I have the freedom to make. 

I'm not sure I know if this all makes sense. Maybe someone can make sense of me,  or maybe it dosent matter if I go unnoticed. That's up to you to decide, as I no longer have the heart to think for myself.