My Shrink just pushed me to the edge. (Vent)I'm sorry, this is a bit long... I just need to vent somewhere.

I've been seeing this psychiatrist for a long time now, she is very kind and knows my whole mental history, we're talking about years.

I have attempted suicide 4 times now and I've been in an inpatient unit 7 times (for psychosis and suicidal ideation besides attempts), last time was in February of this year.

So yeah, yesterday was my monthly appointment with her (I live outside the US with a shitty healthcare so I can't see her more than once a month which is not ideal) and things haven't been great. 
I'm diagnosed with borderline personality disorder among others things and... It's rough. So on June's appointment I told her I felt fine and everything was okay and yesterday I told her I'm having suicidal thoughts again, not sleeping, not eating and so on. 

I'm gonna be honest, last week I decided that before the year ended I was gonna kill myself. I just can't do it anymore, it's a rollercoaster, a cycle and I know I'm never getting out of it, I told all of that to a friend and he made me think so I said to myself: I'm gonna talk to my doc, and tell her I'm willing to get help one last time, like I don't know, maybe there's another center that is better than the one I've been to or maybe another option she can think of.

And.... It was nothing like what I expected.
I explained everything to her and I told her I broke a mirror out of rage.... I started self-harming again... I'm not sleeping much, like literally 3 or 4 hours.... I have this love/hate relationship with my mom and we fight a lot, so there's a very toxic environment going on and so on.

And I could tell she was really disappointed and frustrated with me, maybe even tired.... She kept asking me why I broke the mirror, what made me so angry, and she didn't understand how I could feel this way when last month I was great.

I told her I was willing to get help and asked her if maybe there was a chance I could get into another mental health center but in a different city that was covered by my insurance, I investigated and there were a few, and she told me that it was very difficult to do that and straight out asked me if I wanted to spend my entire life in and out of psych wards? And I was dumbfounded by that, she said it in such accusing tone.... 
So here's how the rest of the session went:

Me: what? No, like that's my last option , I don't want to be committed, but right now I don't see what else I can do
P: so your only option is being committed? Can't you control yourself? I'm starting to think that you wanna be sick and you like it.
Me: ( silent shock by what she said) .... What did you just said?
P: I mean, you make progress then you step back, I really don't understand why you do this to yourself. It seems to me that you just don't want to get better and wanna be sick forever. 
Me: (started crying) how can you say that? Is this like confrontational therapy or something??
P: no no, I don't use that kind of therapy, I'm just being honest with you, that's the impression you gave me. Are you really that bad that you need constant monitoring? I don't think so. 
Me: (got defensive immediately) well, you know what? don't worry, I won't bother you or anyone else much longer. 
P: what do you mean by that?

Staring contest. Silence. 

Me: nothing, can I go? I have to do things only sick people do (Yes I know I was rude)
P: (sigh) alright, see you in a month.

Took my prescription papers and stuff and got out. 

And then it hit me. Fuck. Do I really like to be sick? Am I gonna spend my entire life in and out of psych wards? Well fuck her and everyone else. I ain't gonna be here much longer.
And that's when I made my decision.
Like I tried, I tried to get help and be honest and look how it went.
She honestly just gave me one more reason to off myself.
Even my Shrink gave up on me.
What a piece of work I am.

So yeah.... I made the choice, I have my method, now I only need to pick a date.... I was hoping to be after new year but now? Nope, it's gonna be soon. The perfect moment is coming and I'll be ready.

I'm still curious tho, is she right? Or did she just said the few things you shouldn't tell someone who's very suicidal?
Like I honestly thought she was gonna send me to the hospital right away or something, but like... She didn't believe me? I don't know.

All I know is that my time has come. I gave life one last chance and just pushed the dagger deeper.

I'm sorry. Thank you for reading.