I have no motivation to liveHello,

I'm a 20F in my third year of college and I really wish I weren't alive. I've been suicidal since I was about 15/16 and every year since then I've regretted not taking my life. I started seeing a therapist a few months ago and a psychiatrist a few weeks ago but I feel it's too late. I waited many years to see a mental health professional because of trauma relating to them (I was almost institutionalized at 17 and the entire process was very upsetting). High school was a very stressful experience but I eventually got accepted to several very high ranking colleges and attend one. I thought college would be a better experience and I thought my suicidalness would go away. So far I've been miserable and with my graduating in about one year, I feel like I've wasted my time and opportunities. I feel incredibly stupid and messed up (in regards to my suicidalness) compared to other students. I feel really behind my peers in regards to the fact that I've never been in a  relationship (romantic or casual) either and I don't see that changing in the foreseeable future. I was diagnosed with bipolar type 2 last month. While I'm glad that I finally have a diagnosis, I feel like my life is ruined because I'm pre-med and this is the time of college where I need to start prepping for med school applications and mcat but I've hit a wall with everything. Also, I ask myself, who'd want a bipolar doctor anyways? I feel like either I don't have close friends because I'm that awful to be around or because I've inadvertently pushed them away. Anyways, I really want to kill myself but I never find the final push to complete an attempt and it's upsetting to live in this stage where I feel like my life is distressing but I can't end it all.

Edit: another thing is that I feel like a huge financial burden. My parents are paying for my tuition and this is a very expensive school. And I've had some physical health problems which also led to bills for them. That plus the fact it's been hard for me to find a paying job on campus, I feel like dying would alleviate the financial burden I am. 