No more painNot even using a throwaway, I've been struggling with suicidal depression for 30+ years, fighting it and coming back every time. 
I no longer see any reason to do that, every where I turn is just another problem that I should have dealt with that has intensified into a huge flaming mess. What's left of the friend/family that is still talking to me would be better off without me. I mean the one's not watching and laughing at me with a bowl of popcorn on their laps waiting for my next abortive, spastic move.
   I've tried meds, therapy, electro shock, even the physicians here have compassion fatigue regarding me.
   I am supposed to be out of my house by 2/3, the landlord has decided to sell it, they didn;t give us(myself and my 90 year old mother) much time, just over Christmas(notifying me on the 15th, after I had spent money for stuff for what is probably my Mom's last Christmas). Ironically, it will be my last too. So I only had one month to raise $$ and that's not gone well either.  I have a house full of things from 2 households, Mom will barely part  with anything.
   So on the 3rd there is going to be some huge clusterfuck where I am supposed to have been moved out but due to my now crippling depression and anxiety and numerous physical ailments(I'm 57) I have hardly gotten anything done. 
   I've called everyone. 211, APS(hoping they could place my Mom but at long as I am here and not in hospice or something they expect for me to do everythng).
    I would have been gone long ago if not for my cats, they're of course blameless in this and do not deserve to have anything bad happen to them, I love them and they are precious but I can't continue. I can't fucking continue to try and be kicked down, crushed, over and over. I feel like I am hemorrhaging but it is invisible but  every where is sharp and pointy and draws blood.
All they offer to do is baker act me(Fl) where they will just lock me up and just throw meds at me while every thing goes to hell on the outside. They(primarily the nurses) are also cruel to me. The last time I went, a nurse there asked me why I didn't go to another hospital? Well, I was brought to that hospital by the police and it's only one of 2 hospitals in the county  and the only one with behavioral health. I used to be a nurse so that's especially painful.That's far from the only example.There's just no place for me. I believe that I have done everything that I could to get well but it just ain't happening.   I am hoping by writing this reddit can possibly make it easier for my Mom and cats somehow. After years and years of enduring this I just can't do it anymore. I know that I am far from blameless in this but my intentions were good, I apparently just  don't know how to do anything and I'm just getting worse at it.  Edit; I have sent my landlord an urgernt email begging for another month(we'll pay rent of course) so that I can get help and maybe come out of this. I really don't want to die, I just don't see any other choice.
