I just want to give upok so i'm 20.

Happy, full of joy, love life, proud of myself, love this world and feel like i can do anything.......... Ok so that's a lie.......

Recently i had a testicle removed due to Torsion *You'll find that on my page* and 3 weeks later i feel depressed as ever. Well this isn't all i'm suicidal about......

*Before we begin, this may have some very deep stuff so if you don't want to get hit right in the feels. Then this isn't for you.*

Ok so i'm 20 and a male. i'm ment to be happy right? Well for me this isn't true. I just want to crawl up in a corner and die. When i was younger i never had many friends. Well all the friends i thought i had just stuck by me cause of how much of a clown i was at school. *Ok so i didn't know how to start this off so please bare with me* I didn't have a prom date at school. Maybe i was shy but that's to be said later..... in my head i think everyone sees me as a joke. I know it's not true but in my eyes it is..... I never really had a Girlfriend *ONLY ONE GIRLFRIEND :O* all my self confidence is gone out the window...... i'm ugly, worthless, and have no reason to be here.... Before i had the torsion, i always wanted to be a Wrestler(PRO the WWE and indie type) and mostly a MMA Fighter.... but with now having one testicle my confidence in thinking i can achieve this dream is falling down to zero. I wanted my life to be perfect you know? It still can be right? I'm a warrior is it true? Well my answer to those questions are no...... I still live at home. I'm unemployed no one wants to hire me. I have never had a job.... I have the qualifications for it(Didn't get them at school.... Cause F**k school right?* i get treated like a kid at home. Can't have a day on my own in my room just relaxing without people telling me how unsociable i am... I'm 20 i'm an adult i control my own life even though i'm under their rules. *Yeah i know i should just move out...... But where to?*
my path to living a good life is at a dead end and i don't know how to pave more concrete so i can continue down the road of Happiness. all i want to do is be a fighter but until i see the urologist it's not happening anytime soon.... i can't do anything right. even a simple task i fail at. So i just stand there and let the others let their anger out and just yell at me... i'm sick of this. i hate my life. i know there are people way worse than me. but let's not start a rant about that ok.... i hate the way i look. i'm never gonna get a Girlfriend hell no. every girl i like will never talk to me. I also want kids but having the one testicle worries me......... yeah i know one testicle can still give you kids......... i'm scared of getting a job also cause of failing.... i know my parents love me but they don't have to treat me like a kid though. *Not even a kid gets treated like i do* i don't have the guts*or balls lol* to live and i don't have the guts to die either..... so i'm at a dead end on those two choices. If i die i'm going to hell *Sorry but it makes my story more deeper* i sinned all my life even though i have no criminal record..... God isn't gonna forgive me i betrayed plenty of times...... this world doesn't need me.... I'm Just nothing.... actually i'm just a 20 year failure old one nut virgin ugly faced single worthless no good freak........ What's there for me to fucking live for i'm nothing. Everything i do even trying to do the right thing i get treated like fucking trash. So if i did die. Oh yeah people will play the Grieve card and act like they fucking cared when i was alive....... my life is fucking ruined and that doctor in New Zealand THANKS A FUCKING LOT FOR NOT DOING YOUR JOB PROPERLY!!!

I just want to leave!!!1 Nothing good is gonna happen to me! it's not i just always cry myself to sleep.......... i want to be with my friends that have passed on..... i don't want to be here anymore........
Ok i'm gonna stop before it gets too fucking deep and shit. SO DEEP that i cannot climb out of. 
that's my story. There's more that i could've typed but i would have to write a 120+ paged book.....

This is it..... And don't worry if it's been weeks after i wrote this just remember i'm going to wait for the help..... if people actually give a fucking shit.
But until then 

Peace Reddit Family


*UPDATE: time's ticking i feel like filling my lungs with that final cigarette, Scull down a few beers. Take some pills and lay in bed and slowly but painlessly leave this world.*