Why do I want people to care about me?I've been sleeping in my car for a couple of nights now. I left my home. Haven't talked to family or friends for most of a week now. I know if I do they'll just be shit. I want them to care about me. Instead of calling me a coward or yelling at me or saying shitty things... I just want them to be nice. It doesn't have to be some big grand thing... I just want them to go "Hey" instead of "You're pathetic".

Why do people tske every opportunity to be cruel to me... i just dont understand. These are people who ive been their friend through all kinds of shit. But it doesnt matter... when its me... i dont matter. They'll never treat me how i want them to treat me... i just want to matter to them like they matter to me. I just want them to be the bare minimum nice. They dont have to love or like me... just dont choose the cruel option.

I cant go back. Im just so broken. Im too exhausted to try and get better. Its been such a shit year. With people just making me feel shit. Just continuous fighting. Being told I'm not good enough. Having to hear about ex girlfriends getting married and how great their life is and reminisce about times they cheated on me and its all fun and games to them because they dont care and they never cared... but i just dont get it. Who calls an ex to tell them they're getting married? What did they expect? How can it be anything but  an attempt to hurt someone? Do my exes just have so little care factor for me that they can be shitty without a second thought? Id never in a million years go "Hey, im having problems with the person I cheated on you with and destroyed your entire trust in relationships... can I vent to you?" - am I just dumb? It doesnt matter what i do they hate me enough to do shit like that and literally not see a problem with it. If i complain they dont care enough to fix it... they just get a sick sense of happiness they've hurt me... I dont get it.

Why are people so cruel? I have no alternative. I can't change my mind because if I do everyone will just be cruel about it. Yet I still seek their love. I want the people who hate me to love me. Anybody who does genuinely care for me... it doesn't hit the same. Everything has gone so wrong.