I am a 28-year-old with avoidant personality disorder. I plan to end my life on Friday, October 5.Hi, 

A lot of you have probably heard of social anxiety disorder. I have basically a much more severe version of it wherein my whole existence is based upon my avoidance of intimidating social situations out of a fear of rejection. This will be the illness that kills me. 

I behave like the most introverted man on the planet, often coming across as aloof or uninterested. I'm 28, and most of the people who I've lived near my whole life don't even know me, nor have I even spoken with many of them. Yet underneath that veil of severe avoidance I have an intense desire for friendships and intimate relationships. 

I built a living for myself working as a freelance writer online with the sole purpose of undertaking an occupation that limits my time with people as much as possible even though I really would like to be around people. It's just that I can't face the potential for rejection or embarrassment. 

I am desperately lonely and sad in life. I can't stop berating myself over how I spent much of my 20s, particularly the last 3-4 years, which have been spent probably 70-80% in isolation. The weight of guilt for not making friends and spending so much time alone is enormous. 

Out of an attempt to provide balance, I've done some objectively cool/interesting things that normal people do, such as traveled alone to Thailand 10 times, took a Thai cooking class while over there, went hiking in northern Thailand, visited Vietnam, taught myself acoustic guitar, had two girlfriends, started my own Thai food website, and finished a degree. But still, many of those experiences were ruined by my avoidance, or they just fed into my avoidance. 

I tried group therapy recently but the bus was late for today's session and I couldn't face the potential embarrassment of walking in the door 30 minutes late while everyone was already settled. The first session was very intimidating but I managed to show up last week, however, missing today's session means I'm back to square one. 

The sessions run every Thursday. If I know myself like I do, I'll come up with some shitty excuse to avoid the 3rd one next week. If i avoid it, I plan to end my life. Because there's just no hope for me if I continue to live life based on avoiding things. Anyway, thanks for reading and thanks for any advice. 