Last attempt.This is my last attempt to reach out. No one is taking me serious about it. Who knows if you guys will, I doubt it.

I fully understand that most "depressed" people who claim to be suicidal aren't truly and can be somewhat easily dissuaded from acting on their thoughts, feelings, and emotions. I've tried everything in my power but in all honesty, there's no will power.

Several months ago, I graduated from a rehabilitation facility in Southern California. I was using an extensive amount of heroin religiously and had been doing so for a while. Note that I had been using many drugs (mainly opiates and amphetamines) for many years to build a facade of happiness over my feelings of selflessness and depression due to parental neglect at a young age.

To my surprise, rehab wasn't so bad. Breaking the news to my girlfriend, friends, and other family was not extremely difficult and was received well, seemingly without too much trouble. My false sense of security had already crumbled after being discovered by my parents, so I felt I had nothing else to lose. 

I learned many things about myself in rehab and regularly saw a therapist while working on activities to find the root of my problems. I was told nothing I didn't already know myself. I had been on antidepressants before and they never worked. I was told in therapy that it all boils down to mind over matter, but the only time I've ever been able to escape is when I would feel the Heroin take over. 

With the drugs, I was myself. I wasn't happy, but experienced a feeling of contentment at it's finest. I became infatuated with the feeling. No amount of physical or psychological pain could touch me. The weight of the world would lift and I could finally breath again. I knew that when sobriety took hold I would feel the weight even heavier than before because while I was "away," more issues accumulated. 

I began attending NA meetings on a regular basis which seemed to help. I was doing fine until I relapsed. I didn't relapse on drugs, but my way of thinking quickly slipped back into my very own distorted thoughts of addiction. I began lying to everyone about everything and stealing from my parents quiet frequently. Pretty soon they found out and I was kicked out of my home.

I know that this was entirely my fault. It was my decision to steal and lie my way back into the depths of my stupid fucking mind and I have grown a grotesquely massive resentment towards myself for burning all these bridges so carelessly. I packed everything I owned into my car and moved out. I slept in my car outside of my old sober living and continued to go to meeting every single day. All the while deteriorating inside as my thoughts gnawed at my heart, telling me that I was nothing worth glancing toward. I know this to be true. 

My friend was supposed to move to Seattle with me, but was unable to due to financial issues on his part. His parents told me he would meet me in Seattle as soon as they got a picture as proof of my new residence. I took the plunge, alone, into what I had made up in my mind to be the escape from everything that was oppressing me. I was wrong. I had myself so convinced that live in Southern California was my cause of hatred toward myself, but I soon discovered I couldn't have been more wrong. You can run from the world but you can never escape yourself. 

I made it to Seattle (All "highest suicide rate" comments are unwelcome) and met up with my girlfriend. I called my friends parents to let them know I had arrived, only to be greeted my the news that Matt had been placed into another Sober Living home for six months... He and I were supposed to split rent on an apartment and soon came to the realization that I only had six hundred dollars to my name. I was fucked in the most disturbing sense. 

I sold my car for a mere eleven-hundred dollars and have spent it all on food and momentary shelter and have yet to find employment.  My rent is up in two weeks and my roommate and "bestfriend" refuses to help pay for a six month lease, knowing we will both become homeless. His argument is that "If you would just save your money then you could afford the four hundred dollar rent." What he doesn't realize is that I have sold everything that has ever meant anything to me. My guitar used to be my escape (aside from Heroin) and I had to sell her, my car (which my father bought for me and only took care of it because I longed for a relationship with him), my phone, and damn near ALL of my clothing. I released my pride while I slept in homeless shelters and under trees in parks and in my fucking girlfriends car and to be honest, it has done wonders to my already lacking sense of self-worth. 

My parents absolutely refuse to talk to me, my friends ditch me to sit alone in my apartment, my girlfriend has started stating that I'm nothing worth trying for, and none of them know about the seed in my head, the dread in my heart, and the gun under my pillow. The only thing that is keeping me from watching my head split is the knowledge that it is the most selfish act one can commit, due to the people who care for them having to live with the feeling for the rest of their lives. That being said, I am losing everyone. I've lost my parents, my sisters, my friends, my biological mother, and now it appears that my girlfriend will be next. I feel worthless and helpless and I don't want to wallow in my filth or throw a pity party or hear about how "it gets better." I'm thinking of just packing my things, burning it all in the woods, and ending it all deep where it would take fucking years for anyone to find my shell of a body, all so they would all think I had just up and left without a single word.

Even in my darkest hour I can be compassionate to another's feelings more so than myself. I have lost all self respect and have never been content with myself in a *real* sense. I've always been insecure and have utterly despised myself as a living being...

All that I can keep hearing is a certain verse from a certain song;

"I'll never be what you need from me.
 This is disgust with what I am;
 Sheer hatred for my life,
 Now what the fuck have I become?"

I'm broke, alone, and without any feeling of self-worth. I never thought I would say this but I think I'm legitimately giving up.  

     
