I don't have it in me anymoreI've lost all will to live. I just want someone to know. Anyone. I know I'll never meet any of you, but it's enough for me that someone out there heard. This hopeless feeling has gotten to be too much for me handle. I just feel so dead inside. The crushing loneliness I feel daily is destroying me. It's too hard... I feel so worthless for even feeling this way. Japan just got demolished. Whats more, half of my extended family lives over there. But here I am, hating myself. For the past 5 years I've just gone on a downward spiral towards rock bottom. Someone please help me. I have nothing for anything anymore

EDIT:
I know that no one is going to read this. I've probably sunk down to the page 2 monster, and who reads all the pages of SW for fun. But I'm kind of at a loss at what else to do. I couple of you guys asked why I feel this way. Well, I have no one worth anything in my life. If I tried to talk to any of the people I see on a consistent basis, then they would freak out, and try not to associate with the depressed kid. It's happened more than once. I can't talk to my family. If they had any idea, they would probably turn it into some thing all about themselves and how they failed as parents, and in the end it would be pointless. Every close friend I've ever had has abandoned me. Maybe I cause it, maybe I even abandoned them, who knows. Maybe this is all my fault and I really don't deserve any better. Whatever the case is, I have no one who matters. 

The only thing I want out of live is just someone beside me to live it with. I'm a decently bright kid. I'm going to a high ranked college studying Physics at the end of this year. I probably have a promising career in front of me. But none of that matters. Because I'm going to go through everything alone. I don't feel like I'm capable of loving anymore. I've been abandoned and shut down so many times that I just feel damaged beyond redemption. I don't think I can come back to the world everyone else lives in. I don't think I can trust anyone anymore. I've been hurting myself for years. I couldn't even tell you why. It just seems like the right thing to do to myself. 

And for the one who asked, I live in the states, in North Carolina.