No clue what to do nowHello there to all reading this. Right at this moment I am not feeling suicidal, but there are often times, where I ask myself why I exist for example.
I´m gonna tell you my story now, because I literally can´t tell it to anyone in my reallife (not even my closest friends, but I´ll speak about that later).

First of all I am a 19 year old guy, who still goes to school (I got into school with 7 and had to repeat the 10th grade because I changed the school to be able to study at university later. 
So when I was back at my old school I fell in love with a girl which went into on of the parallel classes, I worked like 1.5 years to get together with her which finally happened at her 18th birthday. I had the happiest half year of my life with her. But like everyday my mum or someone else did smth like shittalking her or mocking about her when she isn´t near. I am known by everyone for beeing totally self-confident and beeing uninfluenceable, even tho thats all just a lie. But in reality im like one of the most influenceable people out there and im much but not self confident. So it came that I had doubts about her (Even tho she was perfect in my opinion and everybody around knew she truly loves me). In the end all the shit talk got too much and i broke up with her after 8 months. That was 6 months ago and I think it was the biggest mistake i ever did. I knew it would hit her hard, even tho she still wanted to have me as a normal friend. I tried to not see her for sometime in school (she changed school with me, because she wants to study later too). All went good she is over it and fine with it. But I couldn´t get over it, I knew it was a mistake like not even an hour after I broke up with her, but I just couldn´t tell her it was a mistake lets just forget about it. (I think noone could have done that) 

I tried to distract myself from her with playing even more computer games and watching even more anime then before, which worked out for sometime. I even looked for a new girl which I can get together with. After 4 motnhs of beeing separated I talked to her about my new "object of interest" (not sure how to call that) and she even gave me tips about what to do, cause she wanted and wants the best for me. 

Since that moment I am crying nearly everyday I look to my bed or after coming home from school when I saw her there. 
After 2 more months I was able to talk to her again when I drove her home at night. I could not stop my tears and cried, she hugged me and tried to calm me for about 90 min in which I just cried (I still dont udnerstand why i broke up with her, I blame myself everyday for it) and told her my story as I do to you now. She said she  doesn´t want a relationship right now (which I can totally understand I was the worst boyfriend I can imagine getting worse everyday) and said I should give her time, because she still likes me and wants me in her life. After talking for about 15 more minutes we got some kind of sex (she gave me a blowjob and I fingered her) she even had the idea to have real sex on the backseat but we didn´t do it in the end. Im going to meet her in the cinema today after talking a bit, but she repeated via whatsapp that she doesn´t want a relationship. I am not sure what I can do now, like im still very sure, that she is the one and only. I talked to like 500 girls since I broke up with her and I never felt that good as the first time I talked to her. I just can´t stop thinking about her, everytime I go to bed or only look to it, I see her lying there looking super sweat (she was never the hottest girl, but I loved her body). I can´t take it anymore I don´t know what to do. Right now I am just waiting and waiting doing nothing for hours I do that since I told her my story. I guess im hopefully waiting that the time she needs is over. I can´t talk to anyone(maybe I said that earlier, but I can not remember) because I don´t trust literally anyone, I think my best friends are fake tbh. They are more like people I know since years (like preschool) which I do some things together. But I dont feel like I can trust them. She was the only one I ever truly trusted. I mean I lied to literally everyone else beside her. I can´t talk to my parents either, they never rly. liked her in the first place. I just hope that anyone has any useful advice here, since I don´t know what to do on my own and im afraid of the future for the first time of my whole life.

Thx to anyone for reading that (I hope you can understand my text because my english isn´t the best).