I don't know what I'm doing anymoreA bit backstory is necessary, I've been having these feelings for about 5 or 6 years now when my parents got divorced. It put me in this mentality that it was my fault and no one should even care or love me. My family would argue over one another all the time and I know that they only do because I keep a bridge between them. 

Fast forward to high school freshman year and I've been going downhill, I felt that no matter how well I did it wouldn't be enough so I just gave up and started to not try as much. When my mom saw that my grades were starting to slip away she gave me a harsh yelling. I don't remember much but the part I do remember was when she started to get really angry she asked what she meant to people because apparently me doing worse in school was a sign that I didn't care about her. When I told her she was my mother and I was proud of that she replied with "what is that supposed to mean to me?!" That kind of pushed it down that I didn't matter. 

Then earlier this year (the second semester of my junior year) I did something that I never imagined doing. I got a girlfriend, she was the sweetest, kindest girl I'd ever met. I told her about my struggles and she told me hers, we'd promised that we'd help each other as much as we could. She would say so much to bring my confidence up and prove that I meant something, she would say how she wanted nobody else but me. It was incredible.

But then this summer came by. My dad lives in California and I have to see him for a few weeks over the summer which meant leaving her, it was awful but I spoke to her everyday. After a while she told me that some guy was trying to hit on her but she said that she wasn't interested.  To skip all the meaningless details only 2.5 weeks into being with my dad she came clean and said she cheated on me. She did so many things she said she'd never do, she lied to me about sleeping over at a friends house to go to a party at his place and got drunk and high. Apparently she did more than just kiss but nothing other than hand and mouth stuff (which is less than what we've done). I still tried to be friends with her because I could tell that's what she wanted, and 1 thing led to another and the guy left. She said she wanted me back, I decided to give her a second chance. I get home and she is destroyed, she hates herself more than she ever has because of what she did. She's gone on record saying that if she could she would go back in time to smack herself for it. It's a weird time.

And now it's today, I'm with her, she's doing everything she can to make things right. She's putting around 20 hours into making me Christmas presents. It's the sweetest thing someone has ever done for me. But it won't stop, I try to go out and make it work but I can't do it. My life seems to be consistent of making people who hurt me the most happy. It doesn't make sense for me to be here when all I can think is that people are fine without me. Especially when it seems like they'd be happier if I'm gone.