Going to end it just need to commiserate a bitA few drunken metaphors:

Imagine that you were holding a piece of, say, glass and someone accosted you and knocked it out of yours hands, causing it to shatter, but insisted thereafter that YOU piece it back together; and when you'd finally gotten close to restoring it the same person knocked it out again, causing it to shatter into still smaller pieces.  This repeats again and again and each time you make less progress before this wretch's impatience compels him to knock it from your hands.

You stand in a desert with the totality of humanity circumscribing a circle about you, rushing outward in search of verdant planes of abidance.  You're overcome with doubt as to which direction to head in and whether you'd be able to make it before becoming dehydrated that you fold over and scrunch up in the fetal position as you feel you mind, body, and emotions shutting down.  All your friends and family have left you behind in the dust, never stopping to see what's become of you.  So much loneliness.

This poorly summarizes how I feel at the moment.

I lived as a hermit for eight years on account of my fear of others.  I have finally lost my shelter in addition to everything else.  I am currently couch-surfing with a man whom I spent all of those eight years pining for (I am myself a male, which I hesitate to admit because gay men are subhuman objects of ridicule, hardly good for anything else as far as our fucking piece of shit culture is concerned). I'll have to leave soon to face homeless since I have no way of getting a job.  In the mean time I am getting drunk every day to stave off the agonizing boredom and to ease the pain of living in a hostile environment with people who just want me to go away already.

What I am waiting for is my drugs to arrive in the mail which I intend to use to kill myself in combination with a noose.  I've already drilled the holes in the wall and purchased the ceiling hooks.

I've searched and searched for a rescuer for so many years, seen so many therapists and psychiatrists secretly and foolishly hoping that one of them would understand how much suffering I was experiencing and liberate me from my hellish circumstances.  I don't need to tell you that nothing like that ever happened.

My body aches to behold the cruelty of people; no one could possibly show me the degree of compassion, sensitivity, and love I need to even have a chance of overcoming this.  

One popular idea of hell is that is that it's inclemency is such as to prevent it's denizens from knowing that one were in it to prevent them from hoping for better.  I often wonder whether or not that's where we are.  Why are people so cruel to one another; I feel as if I could vomit.  It's too much to bear.  I don't understand the resistance to love and kindness.

