I feel like I live in a numbed, dead world. I don't want to keep on.numbedThroughout my whole life, I have always been ''controlled'' in some sort of way. I have always been that awkward, anti-social and wierd nerdy kid.

My family is very religious and have always maked me go to do church-related activities, until I eventually snapped and didn't permit disrespect towards my options. One of the few things that has kept me to ending it all was the belief that suicide would get me to hell, where there would be eternal suffering. Oh boy, what a lovely world.

I have been bullied for 2 years, on the first one I was just a kid, but I have never lived up for the society's beauty pattern or actions that would make me included.

The second year of bullying was the worst year of my life. I remember that every single day I would be a movtive to be laughed at. People would call me the ugliest one in class, some girls pretended to be in love with me, my few ''friends'' turned their backs on me to join them and I would be disrespected every single damn day. Specially by the big ones, since I was very short, scared and weak. I never told anything about it to superious because that was the only type of social recognition that I would get at the time and thus, if I had told anyone about those experiences, I would see myself as a coward, even though I never retaliated or responded...

My family follows a lot of traditions. Ever since I finished school, they have been crawling on my nerves to get a job already( I am 18 and I live on Brazil). My father, specially, is very ignorant, verbally brute, lacks education and morals, mistreats my mom, and shitload of more negative points. My mother has gotten some of these points because of their shared marriage. Every since my sister's birth, I have only looked at more reasons to get anxiuos and stressed on, which do happens often because of my family's impatience who spoils their kids, as it happened to me and recognize it as a bad  action, hence on why I don't ever wanna have kids.

I always wanted to belong somewhere, y'know? Right now I have 2 friends, which is great, but there are a lot of scars from the past that I can't overlook. Those scars hurts until nowadays and I doubt, at times, that I am every going to surpass them. There are a lot of chains clinged to me and I struggle to break them, specially when I have to do it as I deal with an ignorant family. It's very hard to be admitted at an university's exam as It's very concurred from year to year.

I have studied A LOT and made a lot of sacrifices to make it work, but because of my psychological and emotional state, I have done some major errors that may have costed me a place on the university I applied to, which means that I will have to wait a whole other year of stud and sacrifices.

I have been dead on the inside, no identity, no personality. Just weakness and emptiness. I can't find myself and I am losing interest on everything.

My dreams and objective progressively seems more and more impossible for me, which makes me feel more and more uninterested on it's pursuits.

I feel like I am just forcing myself to keep moving through this for nothing more than more problems and unhappiness.

I didn't got a job yet because I don't want to end up like father, since his attitude has been planted on because of traditions and vicious cycles that keep paddling through and through. I wanted to work on what I love but no matter how much I try, this dream seems further and further.

Jesus, I am very weak compared to other generations...