Is depression fucking me over, or am I shitty person? I am genuinely confused.Hi. For Internet purposes, my name is Honey-Violet. I am a sixteen year old girl. Currently, I am finishing up my junior year of high school. While it may seem quite early to feel such pain, I have been struggling with depression since 7th grade. I have also had suicidal thoughts since my freshman year.

I began the negative thinking when someone close to me killed themselves. Over the next 4 years, 3 more people I knew committed suicide as well. Although I am scarred from their deaths, a part of me understands why they wanted to leave. 

I have also been through a lot at home. My mother emotionally/physically abused me, my father has manic depression, and my brother is very distant. It wasn't until this year that my parents split up, my dad started feeling a bit better, and that I can talk to my brother. I have grown up around violence, suicidal actions, and unhappiness. 

On top of all that, I am pretty strange. I have a ton of interests, and I don't fit into any specific group at school. I go back and forth between being a social butterfly who migrates from clique to clique, to being a complete loner who wants nothing more than to think in solitude. I used to be very popular at my school, but now I am only known for how much of an outcast I am. I am almost incapable of building close relationships with people recently. Plus, my weird fashion, dark humor, and apparently confidence (?) freak people out. 

I have posted on Reddit today because I am deeply sad. One of the reasons, is because I am dating someone. I feel like my misery is getting in the way of our relationship. He has been my best friend for 6 years, so he knows about my depressive/suicidal background, but now he is experiencing it actively. Since he's taken on the role as my boyfriend, it's been leaking out of me more often. When I'm low, I kinda just word vomit, and it's not healthy. He is an amazing guy, but it's difficult being cheery for him. 

Sometimes, I wonder. Is depression a filter? Does it prohibit me from experiencing the overwhelming amount of happiness and fun I should be having? Or am I just sour, argumentative, and dramatic? I can't tell anymore. I have legitimate reasons to be down, but am I abusing it subconsciously? 

The thing is- I can't go to a therapist. I went for 6 months, and then my dad pulled me out. I should probably have one because I have attempted suicide, self-harmed, and felt awful a ton... But it's not really an option at the moment. 

For those of you who may be wondering, I am currently clean of any harm. I haven't acted on thoughts in a few months. I am still miserable though. I don't know if I can get rid of this. If it's a mood disorder, is there a cure? What if it's actually just who I am, and I need to change? Where would I even start? 

If you have any questions, please ask. I need the advice, and I am doing a poor job at explaining my situation, at the moment. 

