How do you go on -- Schizophrenia, Dissociative Identity Disorder, a poem. [x-post from /r/offmychest]I am 24 year old male, I have Schizophrenia, Dissociative Identity Disorder, immense anxiety, as well as extreme, debilitating sensitivity to aesthetic and atmosphere around me.

I have never had a head injury or done drugs*.

I have been to two psychologists and am going to have a psychological evaluation done in a few mornings, as I am trying to get what I need to qualify for government disability income.

I am currently living with my father, who is providing for me as I am unable to provide for myself, but he is getting married in a few months and I won't be able to live with him anymore. I have no friends or other family. If I am rejected from government disability, I will be homeless since my father can only afford to send me money for food, not rent, and as much as I feel compelled to go on in life, since I love myself, am not depressed, have extremely high self-esteem, confidence, and find great pleasure as well as fulfillment in the euphoric, ethereal, and numinous that I experience in my life, I don't see how I will be able to function if I am being homeless.

In this perpetual stasis between heaven and hell I live night by night, I wanted to share this poem I wrote, and ask if anyone has any words to share that may help me in both a practical and good will sense.

                                              - How do you go on - 

How do you go on when that person beside with whom you confide sees a tree with apples that be and leans their head in basic comfort to thee; for they see that tree with apples that be and know not that you're staring in wonder at Adam and Eve.

And from 3000 BC to present AD, one day or night you feel the blight or delight of being a pharaoh in Thebes, or a peasant in lebes, not to mention countless fictional fantasies; a warlord in Persia, a merchant from Syria; a poor farmer from Istanbul, a grunge family man from Seoul, a space pirate preying on souls, a medicine man treating the sick by a glistening oasis pool; a templar from France, a Scottish pilgrim entranced; a colonial cotton grower, an enigmatic plantation owner; a royal from Russia, a Noble from Prussia; among gentry from Florence, then a leper of abhorrence; an English schoolboy from after the first world war, to an androgynous whore washed upon a lithe shore; both a shrew and a jew from the Third Reich of World War II; a 60's boy who plays with his fleece toys; a 70's man high in japan; a Catholic Priest, a widow alone at each feast; an Alaskan-Norwegian reclused by the sea, a cyberpunk admiral whose airship is his great steed; there are hundreds more, and vast depths of warping perceptions to explore, but alas I do -- not wish -- to bore.

All of religion or spiritual wills and whatever may be entailed, come and go, hither to and fro, before and beyond the fabled Elysium fields.

Not to forget the romance to you they call from atop their walls, for one day or night depending on my sight, I be asexual, then bisexual, no wait, I must be homosexual. Not to be rude but it has nothing to do with mood, and you can't truly trust relations which is why you have no friends, nor a budding partner since they be forever forsaken from you till the end.

All of this is a gift and curse, not a one-sided coin unearthed and besmirched.

For me reality is perception to be warped to my affections -- never static, nor dynamic, but divinely erratic.

The sun on your face burns like it would a vampire, the night calms your senses until you feel a geyser: it's the lamppost, the cars, the houses, the stars, the streets and the roads, the whole world you behold, except for the slightest, that changes like the touch from the Hand of Midas.

You can't function in society, since your not its propriety, for they care about their own, and pity you from their locked homes.

For if you take this pill it will cure all your ills, and if not then feel free to quietly fall off that hill.

They see you as broken, something to be woken, but they cannot fathom in their deepest phantasms that you are not broken, you have already awoken, and that you -- cannot -- be stoked in nor stolen.

But no don't stop, you can function enough in your box, to trot in your circle, in that room you painted purple, to act as greenscreen for your godly lyre you're wreathing.

For you have the keys, all except money, but without the latter, you may -- be just -- a splatter.

Then you smirk and say without work, you can't clothe, or feed, or breathe past a shirt.

You look up and down and all around, you -- are still -- confounded; how can you be a boon when you are more distant from them than their luminous moon.

Then the powers that be, look at thee, and are not inclined to bequeath, a measure of freedom amidst disease, no matter how you may plead.

Then you think and see the link that maybe the end is right to be near and that you shouldn't fear, as you have lived hundreds of lives in the timespan of flies and should perhaps fall asleep with lids tucked o'er your eyes.

How do you go on when you want to go on but you don't know how you can go on.