I’m sorryI just want the pain to stop, I can’t even trust my memories anymore.
Everyday is a struggle.
I might be insane
I’ve hurt people and I’ve been hurt. 
I don’t want to spend my life in a nut house, or as a shell of what I once was. 

To C-   I hope you make it as a writer, you’re like my brother. We used to talk about game of thrones , novels, and girls for hours. Those were simpler times, better times. Never blame yourself, you always had my back.

To J-  Stay off the drugs and keep skating. Who knows? You might go pro.
 
To I- I remember the love you gave me. I remember how you made me feel, it was fucking amazing.

To T- I understand why you did it bro, and I forgive you. We were so fucked up, but we were just kids. We didn’t know any better. If I knew your pain, I would have told you I loved you more and been more patient. We were just stupid kids

To N- You tried your best to help me, I’ll always love you. 

To E- please stay perfect, don’t let the world change you. You’re going to rule the fucking planet. If I wasn’t the best older brother, I’m sorry. I love you like you’re my own kid.

To dad- You weren’t the best man or husband, but you were the best father. This isn’t your fault, it’s mine

To mom- I fucking love you, words can’t explain it. I hope we meet again. Heaven is your embrace. This is my fault, not yours. 

To that little girl- You’re a mirror to my soul

To all the people I’ve hurt- I’m sorry, I’m fucking sorry, I’m fucking sorry, I’m fucking  sorry. 

To God and the angels- I tried my best, please forgive me. I’m still hoping you’ll save me.

When it’s over, I hope I spend eternity in a beautiful Forrest with a clear view of the stars.  I hope I live carefree like a child again. I hope I get to hug my mum again.

I know I don’t have the balls to do it, but life is pushing me. Maybe I’ll live and look back at this as a bad dream. 

If you’re reading this, fight for as long as you can, then fight some more. Then when you can’t fight some more try to find someone to fight for you.
Follow your heart. Don’t judge and don’t hate. You can’t run away from your heart, or your shadow. The past and future DO NOT exist, so be here now. Feel how your heart beat, follow it’s rhythm, hear the earth under you, and watch as your thoughts come and go, Can’t you feel how peaceful it is? 

I don’t even know what I’m saying anymore, but letting all this out feels good.