My dream last night was fucked up, and I'm scared as hell.The dream was so bad, I don't even like to think about it. I feel like it wasn't me who thought these things. It was a great, great supreme evil. I never would have thought these things, why did I dream this?

I feel subhuman on every level. If I told you what I just dreamt, you'd want to lock me up in a psych ward. I feel like I just walked out of a horror film, but Jesus Christ, the things I did.

I almost killed my roommate's friend when he started playfully mocking me. I put a knife to his throat and I felt no remorse. I was smiling. I can't talk about it anymore. That image is burned into my brain now, me looming over his body and being VERY satisfied that I had him scared of me. I was the one in control now. He didn't control my thoughts, I was controlling his.

See what I mean...that whole dream was fucking messed up. There's more to it.

I dreamt that I killed my Mom's dog. I didn't do it on purpose, but...it was awful. I don't even want to say what I did to it. I remember in the dream, the dog was dead for at least one day. Mom noticed it was gone. Everyone noticed the dog was missing, but they wouldn't say anything. My whole family was patiently waiting for me to speak up about the dog they know I'd killed. I finally broke down in tears and began to tell them what happened. Right as I was about to go into detail, Mom screams at me: "*I KNEW IT!!*" with hatred and spite. I continued, and I told them about how the dog died in my arms after I accidentally smothered it to get it to stop barking.

The thing is...I lied to them. The dog died because...I tried to have sex with it. And it died. 

What the fuck.

This isn't me. I didn't dream these things. I could not, should not dream these things. I've never imagined anything so fucking depraved. I swear I'm a normal person, I pay bills, I go to work, I make small talk, I don't ever, EVER consider those things. Yes, I have been sad, depressed, on an emotional roller coaster for the last 2 years, but that dream changes everything. I feel like my mental state is not healthy if I am dreaming those things. Do I need to seek help?