Need help and don't know where else to turn. Long post ahead.I find myself constantly digging myself into a hole that continues to get deeper and deeper no matter what I do.
For some background, I had a bright future ahead of me, I was top of my class through middle and high school, I was ranked one of the best in my sport in my country. Yet through all this I've always been depressed, I never really had many friends through it all, I have an emotionally abusive family.


Last year, I was admitted to one of the best Universities in the United States on a full scholarship, and managed to flunk out my first semester and dropping out during my second. It's not that classes were hard, in fact I had all A's 3/4th into the semester, it just felt like I didn't deserve anything I had in life and had constant suicidal thoughts. Now this school semester, I've been constantly lying to everyone, and I know it will come back to me and I will be disowned most likely by my family and not know what to do. I have been pretending to be going to school at home, and it's not that I didn't want to go to school, it’s just all the papers had gotten lost, and I didn’t have the guts to tell my parents right away that the school had dropped me because they didn’t have the required information, and by the time I could’ve done anything I wouldn’t be able to do anything about it for this semester. 


Just 3 days ago I was ready to do it, I was ready to end it all and I was going to, I was going to end it all. This wouldn’t have been my first time, as I have tried before, but every other time I would cry and not want to go through with it, but I still tried. Now I no longer cry, I have come to peace with the idea that I must die. I’m never going to accomplish anything I know if I stay all I will be is a burden and a disgrace for my family along with not being able to live with myself knowing that I had a good future ahead of me, and now no matter what I do I don’t feel like I will be good enough. It honestly feels like this has become my only option. I’m only coming here because this is my final attempt to seek help, I don’t know what I want from this, but I feel like I have to have some input before I go.
