Things fall apartI attempted to commit suicide when I was 15, 5 years ago now. I lived and got diagnosed with depression, put on medication, etc.

I thought I was getting better. I really was. I'm in my last year of college and I'm trying to get into graduate programs. I have a wonderful boyfriend of 2.5 years and everything was going fine. At least until a month ago.

My bf lost his job and we had to move back in with my parents. We quickly searched for a new job for him and luckily he landed one with pretty good pay/benefits. Maybe things weren't so bad. That isn't the case.

We're both miserable. Living with my parents is not healthy mentally nor physically. We can't sleep cause of incessant barking from their spoiled dog, there are moths invading every part of the house that they refuse to do anything about, and the place is just unpleasant to live in. Both of our depressions are getting worse. His new job has been stressing him out to the point where I think our relationship is going to die. Not like he'd be happier if I was there, though.

I don't want to be here anymore. I've been trying so hard over the past month to find a new place to live and get a job and quell my loneliness but there's nothing to show for it. I can't even go to my boyfriend cause he's so tired from working he just wants to come home and do nothing. There's no one for me to talk to. No one would miss me if I die. He keeps telling me that he loves me and that he needs me in his life but it's just so hard to believe when we barely interact with each other anymore. All I know is that he can't focus on me right now and it hurts, even if I think about it rationally.

I've been trying to help him as much as I could. Nothing seems to make me nor him feel better. He says he doesn't feel appreciated but neither of us know what to do to try and change things. I'm tired. I feel like a burden. No one will miss me.

As for my parents, they work all the time. I barely get to see them and I can't really talk to them. I don't want to stress them out with my suicidal ideations either, especially since we all thought I was getting better.

I just want the pain to go away. Everything just tells me removing myself from the equation will make everyone else's life better. I don't know how much longer I can go on like this.