Hopeless and ScaredHi, Reddit.

I'm a long-time lurker, but I need help. My family and friends are connected to me through all my other avenues of communication, and I don't feel at ALL comfortable talking to people in the physical world. Reddit is kind of my last shot if I want help, I think.

First, please note: I'm not actively suicidal. I do not have means on hand, nor do I have anything resembling a concrete plan. However, I have spent the last two and a half weeks considering taking my own life. Things are becoming more solid by the day (I have been figuring out how I want my belongings disposed, I have been considering the best way to make sure that I'm not found by anyone I know, I have been thinking about method, etc.) and I'm starting to scare myself.

This seems to be the culmination of the last three months of loneliness and stress. I've always been depressive, though clinical depression is undiagnosed because of parents who didn't want a kid with a mental illness. (I am 100% convinced that I DO have depression, at the minimum.) That being said, the last few months have been a struggle even by my standards. Normally, I am able to pull out of episodes after a couple of weeks, as good things happen or I figure out how to fight back. This one has been different.

Since I came to college, I have gotten progressively worse. I would say that it's akin to sinking. At the beginning, I was fine. I was swimming strongly and cheerfully, going out and meeting people, focusing and studying, working hard. After a while, I started to get tired. I swallowed water a couple of times and started to get tired. No one I met wanted to hang out with me, and invitations to do things were inevitably pity invitations. At this point, I'm barely keeping my head above water. I can't focus, I can't study, I can barely socialize like a normal human being anymore. 

This wouldn't be exceptional (I've crawled out of this before and come out smiling) but two weeks ago I had a nervous breakdown. Screaming, crying, hurting myself...the works. And it scared me. I don't want to hurt anyone or drag anyone into the mess I'm quickly becoming. If I go down, I don't want to take anyone with me. They don't deserve to be treated the way I treat them. I'm too angry and sad all the time, and no one needs that. No one needs a person like me. I don't bring value into their lives. I'm good at writing and that's LITERALLY ALL I HAVE. I don't have any other skills or talents. I'm not kind, I'm not smart, I'm not good enough to be around these other people. I'm a waste of space. 

The one good friend that I have has started to build her own social circle, and one of her new friends doesn't like me very much. Furthermore, my friend is disgusted with me and I can see it every time we talk. She thinks I'm too angry, too loud, and too negative. I don't want her to be a part of this. I love her (I am IN love with her) and so I have begun to try to distance myself from her. She deserves so much better than me. I would do anything for her, and so I'm stepping away from her. It is tearing me apart, but she's got friends. She won't miss me.

I know I sound articulate, but that's not how I feel. I am constantly in a state that is simultaneously near-panic and near-total apathy. Everything scares me but I can't make myself care anymore. I know logically that people would care if I was gone, but at the same time I KNOW that they would be better off without me. I'm a drain on everyone's resources and they don't have time to deal with me and my ongoing issues. I won't go to a counselor because I'm terrified that they'll just drop me into a psych ward, throw medications at me, and forget about me. I can't talk to my family because they would panic. I can't talk to my friends because I don't know how to tell them about this. I can't even get in contact with my regular Internet friends because doing so will force me to reveal all of this to people who I don't want to know.

I'm fucking disintegrating and I don't know how much longer I can hang on. I don't want to kill myself but every day I wonder why I should bother living. I've scratched myself with a safety pin more than once in the last two weeks as a coping mechanism. People would miss me if I was gone, sure, but they'd be a hell of a lot better off if I wasn't here fucking everything up constantly.

I'm so scared and so fucking alone. Please help me.