I am scared shitless of schizophreniaFirst off, I'd like to apologize for the wall of text. You can skip most of it up until the tl;dr mark without missing much.

Secondly, I'd like to thank you for giving a shit about a complete stranger on the internet. You guys often do a thankless job but I love every single one of you. 

It all started 8 years ago, when I was 16. I began experiencing unhealthy amounts of anxiety in social situations, my grades were failing and I ended up with a mild form of depression. The only thing I looked forward to was coming back home to play video games.

I shrugged it off as a temporary problem that would go away on it's own but as the years went by, more symptoms added themselves into the mix as the old ones became even more obvious. I had less and less motivation to do anything, I began having more and more suicidal ideations, I stopped taking care of my body (wouldn't shower, shave, brush my teeth or put day clothes on except if I had to get out of the house, which was rare.)

My parents, initially thinking I was just being lazy, eventually changed their minds and became very supportive of my troubles. They took me to a psychiatrist. Here's where it gets confusing. He "diagnoses" me with some form of schizophrenia and immediately puts me on an anti-psychotic (Risperdal, 1mg/day). Heart problems, massive weight gain (11 pounds in a month), panic attacks, extreme drowsiness... It didn't seem worth it considering this type of AP does nothing to suppress negative symptoms.

I keep pestering him about the side-effects until he finally decides to switch my medication to Abilify, another AP that causes me very similar issues. He seemed puzzled by all this, told me he's never had a patient feel drowsy on a low dosage of Abilify and concluded that I might very well be causing those side-effects to myself, that if he was to give me a placebo and convince me that it was an anti-psychotic, I would feel all this. He urges me to keep taking an anti-psychotic, any anti-psychotic.

Fast-forward a month or two of switching between the two meds and finding both of them unbearable, I tell him I stopped taking them. I beg him to reconsider his diagnosis of schizophrenia, that maybe the medication isn't doing anything good because I am not psychotic. He redirects me to a psychologist who makes me take a Rorschach and a Thematic Apperception Test. The guy concludes that I scored like a schizophrenic would and that it was indeed very important that I take my medication, without which I could have a psychotic breakdown at any time. I think that's the point where I realized I was massively fucked.

Up until then, I managed to tell myself that this schizophrenia diagnosis was just a joke I would play along with on the off-chance it was true, but somehow, having those test results explained to me made the threat very real. I ended up doing a lot of research on schizophrenia and apparently, every psychotic breakdown will rot your brain from the inside. Lowers your cognitive functions, including your intelligence, every single time. No amount of medication or therapy can ever fix the damage done.

**tl;dr :** I attempted suicide a few months back after realizing what fate had in store for me by overdosing on my medication. Since then, I feel like a piece of shit because my mother is terrified of losing me, and has told me on multiple occasions that "if I go, she goes."

I don't want to turn into a fucking vegetable. I don't want to lose grip on reality. I'd rather not exist and the only thing keeping me alive right now is knowing that I would hurt my family even more than I'm doing now by being a useless fuckup... but that last resort is now being tested. After visiting a day hospital for group activities, the psychiatrist in charge spent half an hour explaining to me just how I'm a ticking time bomb who's going to lose control.

I don't know if you guys can wrap your head around the concept of losing the essence of what makes you a person, but it's very, very scary. I would much, MUCH rather die.

I don't want this piece of shit schizophrenia. I've never had a hallucination in my damn life. I consider myself a rationalist and a skeptic, I've never had funky beliefs or delusions. I don't do drugs, nobody in my family has schizophrenia. I never expected I'd have to deal with this one day.

I want to fucking die. It's all I think about. I can't take a bath without wanting to drown, I can't be in a car without thinking of jumping out. I keep spontaneously coming up with ideas on how I should end myself. H2S, hypothermia, shotgun, hanging, drug overdose and alcohol... I feel like shit. I don't want to see myself becoming insane. As of today, nothing, not even their precious anti-psychotics, can guarantee that I won't slip up at one point in my life. 

To sum up my current situation, one of my doctors told me that if we liken someone's personality to a crystal, mine is cracked. It's not broken yet, but the smallest event could destroy it and there's no way to fix it.

I'm sorry if this is difficult to read, I haven't had much sleep and I feel like absolute shit.