Aggressive nothingness.I'm trying to think of a reason why I want to kill myself, but I can't. It's been a while since I've been able to put any of this into words. Fear of standing out, of being discovered, has made me mute when it comes to discussing my depression. My anxiety. My psychosis. My whatever you want to call it. I've been so concerned with hiding my symptoms, and gotten so good at it I had even fooled myself. For a while.

Right now I'm living in a homeless shelter, after becoming ill and leaving university. I've lost everyone in my life that I cared about because explaining to my career driven, family-orientated friends that I can't get a job or go back to university or find a nice guy because when I go outside I think people are following me, is awkward. People don't like awkward conversations, and I have become one long awkward conversation that no one wants to have. I'm so tired. Two weeks ago I tried and failed. Despite my desperation to disappear, whatever survival instinct I have left kicked in, and left me unable to push the blade deep enough. Now I'm just scarred and embarrassed. Hiding from the summer heat and judging eyes with long sleeves and my head down. I think I'm the only one amongst 15 other residents with no drug or alcohol issues. I wasn't abused, or raised in poverty. I feel so selfish for even being here, the other ladies seemingly having had to fight their own lives to survive. Me, responsible for my own incompetence. I have no excuse for having fucked up this bad. I don't know how many more days I can take it "one more day at a time" when each night stretches into an eternity of insomnia and solitude. The only thing stopping me right now is the guilt I already have from a careworker having to clean up my last attempt. But the guilt I have from wasting everyone's time is winning out. 

Sorry for the vague pretentious stream of consciousness bullshit attempt at explaining myself. My mind is mush and I'm so frightened of myself right now. Oblivion seems like the only comfort, ye know?