I feel like its time​
I do not have a purpose to this post (not sure if im after advice, of perhaps just let it all out) so i’m Just going to go for it. Sorry for the long post. I don’t want to open up to my mum as I think that will stress her out, my best friend or my cuzin as dont want them to feel different around me. I think i’ve had depression since around 19 though when i was in my teens i used to be very moody so maybe it goes back to then. I used to beat myself up and felt guilt and self loathing for being moody and used to cry myself to sleep for years, for being moody and not making the most of my time with my family. Fast forward to my first year of uni, I remember one of my darkest nights to that point where I finished a whole bottle of whiskey, cant remember too much from the night but woke up the next morning with pretty much everything in my room upside down which I must have lost it and trashed the place while drunk. Fast forward to uni where I had a great gf though was prone to low moods (didn’t tell her it was depression) and we broke up (not the main reason but she was also fed up of my low moods). Then I ended up with another girl (both relationships were long - 2.5 years) and she was the best I could ask for patient, stunning, and the sweetest person. My depression really kicked into its depths when i was with her, we had some large arguments, I was a great bf but at the same time argued heavily with her, said some nasty things and my dark times must have drained her. At some point during both those relationships I felt like i was on top of the world and looking back maybe should have appreciated more what i had. So my depression was probably started from guilt to how i didnt make the most of things with my parents and was a moody kid, continued into my early twenties, lost two great girls which didnt help and continues. So far this all sounds ridiculous to feel depressed and ive seen some posts by people who have been through hell and still here but i guess its all relative. Currently in my late twenties, and look back and realise i did not enjoy my 20s, depression destroyed two relationships, its never allowed me to be happy, and the throught that i am depressed makes me depressed. It’s like a cycle. I feel like I wasted my years being depressed and that makes me depressed. Recently I met a great girl (the prettiest girl by anyone’s standards), yet lost her early on due to timing (she came out of a LT relationship and wasnt ready), and thats now hit me hard. But more than that, is the big picture where I just hate myself, i hate how ive treated others, i am a bit of a romantic and hate modern dating in that people treat people as disposable, theres no romance and theres no true commitment in our society. This sounds ridiculous but on top of that, 1/3 of my life has passed and i have not enjoyed it or done anything relative to my peers, i have no idea how i’ll Find someone a. Who is good as the 2 serious gfs i had in the past or like the recent girl and b. Someone either way as my confidence is through the floor as my inner voice beats me down. Furthermore, i messed up my exams at uni and although have a good job, i am not where i could have been so feel like im just living some life which I could have done better going back to me wasting my life away. I am on an average job in finance which i am appreciative of as have a great boss and ok wage but live with family while all my friends have bought houses from high paying jobs (though comparing myself to others thankfully hasnt had too much of an impact as always tried to live my life according to me) though its more where I could have been and the time i wasted and now its too late to turn anything around as I should have been up higher in the career ladder, i should have achieved some post grad qualification which i partly failed, i should have had a loving relationship, friends, lived life. But ive just ended up living in the middle of the road with not much meaning or to live up to. I have spent the past 2 days in bed too depressed to move and I cant see how things get better from here at this late stage (though yes very late 20s isnt late but it kind of is when you consider its the time you have the best times and highest impact to the rest of your life). Rewind some years back, i fractured my hand before I went into the army and despite passing the tests, i didnt choose the training for the marine commandos for fear id fail due to my messed up hand (ended up going into normal army) so thats another life ambition (Ive had since early teens) I gave up and wish i did if it wasnt to being sad and losing my temper and taking it out to an emotionless piece of brick!
During my most recent birthday, i got so drunk alone (i was still in a relationship just to show its not too based on relationships), i woke up in middle of the night to go to the toilet, fainted and hit my tooth on the chair in the bathroom to which it was wobbling and had it not been for some retainers which glue my teeth from the back, would have fallen off and its still fragile-ish or at least it is slightly uncomfortable so theres a daily reminder of my dark times. Over the past 4 days i’ve Been drinking so heavily (during work week as well), ive been drunk the last 3 out of 5 days and passed out in the bathroom on one of those.
The thing is reading this all seems like im just depressed over some relationships but that’’s not it. I hate myself for the son ive been for being moody, have fallen on confidence, and only have 2 close friends so feel lonely as hell. On top of that, i havent lived life to my potential and wasted years being depressed about it all.
I have had suicidal thoughts a number of times. I am not sure if i can post about methods etc here but i came close once or twice.
My main thought is i look back and im sad about how sad i have been and how many years have been wasted. I live my life one day at a time so i have no idea how i’ll Get through another 20, 40 or 60 years. Whats the point of living? And a question i try to answer is what do we need more: hope or meaning. Victor Frankl said life needs meaning but mine neither has meaning and I’ve lost hope that things will get better. I am exhausted and tired and cant do this anymore. So in 3.5 hours I’ll leave the house and let fate decide if theres still more life left in me. I just dont know how you can be happy or how to soldier on, how to find true love, how to find friends, how to make the most of life, and above all, how to look back at the past decade since depression really started and look at it without crying every time i think about it and accepting it and making the most of life now. Seems like one of those things easier said than done but in practice I just dont get how. Thanks to the community for the threads. You guys have helped so far. Don’t expect much from this post. I just wanted to put some thoughts on paper