Where did it go so wrong?   I am 23, I have a Camaro, a nice apartment, I just got a promotion, and I just got an amazing girl in my life. All I can think about is how unhappy I am. Nothing is bringing me joy. My job is so dreadful I can’t stand it. I can’t even find happiness in anything anymore. 

    I am so content with the thought of death. Life is so dull and pointless to me that I just want to get high instead of work. I would rather get high instead of work.. I never use to do drugs. Hell I never even drank. I am just losing this battle and it’s getting incredibly hard. I pushed everyone away except for one person. 

    That one person understands the pain I feel because she was once in the same position. So bad that she attempted and I had to call 911. I sat next to her everyday in the hospital to support her telling her to not give up life will begin to change and it will be amazing. All while doing this I’m losing my own battle and I can’t even believe my own words. I’m a hypocrite and a liar. I’ve hurt so many people with my decisions it’s left me alone. I feel like the only reason I haven’t done it is I know she’s going to be destroyed. 

     I’m hanging on by a very small thread and I don’t see it lasting very much longer. I made a list of what made me happy and so far it’s two things. Just two. I think of things that should make me not want to disappear and it just makes me want to disappear. I am consumed with so much darkness lately that light doesn’t even exist. 


     I’ve made a plan already but I can’t go through with it knowing what would happen to this girl. However I am so upset and distraught that the sole reason I haven’t done it is becoming hard to hold me back anymore. I can’t stand waking up to this job. I can’t stand putting on a fake smile everyday. I can’t stand being so depressed and so dark all the time. I can’t stand putting forth so much effort for nothing. I have been trying to fight. I want to fight. I just physically and mentally can’t anymore.