If I do it, maybe my "friend" will have regret.But I can't count on it. I don't know what the fucking point is. I messed up my life. I should just grab my belt and strangle myself like everyone told me to do. I have no chance in succeeding alone, in fact I never did. This is a cold world I cannot survive in. Every time I "get better" or "improve" I always find myself falling back in this same hole. I am done. Just give me some euthanasia. Encourage me, it's the only thing anyone can do. I can't wait for it to get better, because I KNOW it won't. I live in a dirty ghetto house that smells like a dead person's ass; I have a drug addicted family that doesn't give a single shit about me; I've lived the worst possible life you can think of; everyone I've ever had a connection with just fades away like they never existed, including my best friend that I recovered and planned out my entire life with and all my grandparents who died; everyone, and I MEAN EVERYONE hates me. Don't believe me? I am a confirmed "cyber terrorist" and people will just never let go of all the stupid shit I posted on Facebook two years ago, I'm really famous where I live for that; there's a video of me online that was meant to cyber bully me that has 300 views I can't seem to stop having nightmares about; it's impossible for me to get a job OR a license / car; I can never seem to get into shape or get healthy no matter what I do; problem after problem after fucking problem. I can go on and on, and before you tell me to concentrate on the "positive things", I'd just like to say THAT THERE ARE NO FUCKING POSITIVE THINGS! Being alive is already hell, so I can't feel good about that. Please, don't tell me about HAL THANGZ WIL GT BETAR. In fact, how about this, one comment I see like that = another deep cut on my arm with this shaver. I'm 100% serious. By the way, my PS3 and phone broke, and soon my computer will; I've tried every form of entertainment there is and I loathe or get bored by it all so please don't tell me to find an interest. So, even if I do make it another couple of days I'll still die sometime this year. Please, just tell me to do it. 