16 male. I am completely lost in life and am considering just ending it all to get rid of this stress.I apologize for how self entitled and ignorant I probably am going to come off in the post but honestly if just one person reads this or responds with advice ill feel better because I feel so lost i have no idea what to do.

I guess ill give a brief summary on who I am since it has to do with what has lead me here. I'm 16 and I have a really odd dream/life goal. Ever since I was 4 I have wanted to be a youtuber. Its a passion that gets me out of bed in the morning. I don't have a channel because of a lot of depression and anxiety hitting me and just not feeling the motivation to start and the fear of failing again. 

When I was around 7 or 8 I made a channel where I attempted to tell stories through playing with my toys and giving them voices and such. I didn't have any friends and I just really wanted to make something. Never thought it would go anywhere but low and behold that channel and that series now sit at over a million views. One of the episodes alone has nearly 500K. It was stupid and I cringe thinking about those videos now but at the time the success the results the views (and yes the adsense income) made me happier than I had ever been in my life. Nothing else ever compared to it. I grew up in a foreign country as an American and was never good at socializing and it was like finally I found some way to make people laugh and smile without me having to be in a group. And to this day nothing makes me happier than the idea of recapturing that fame. I ended the series as I grew out of toys and lived in a fear that as the series would grow someone would discover I was doing this despite hitting the age where toys weren't cool. 

So I wrapped it up and told myself I was going to make another channel and start again. Ive made videos here and there since but never really started a channel to do anything consistently.  For a while I tried to convince myself to seek another passion but really the idea of doing anything other than Youtube just hurt. Its all that excites me. Its all that I can really picture myself happily doing as a job. I know its unlikely and so many people fail at it but I want it so bad. Its like nothing else matters. 

The reason I never started another channel I guess was just because life got in the way. I got bullied a lot and developed an eating disorder and went to rehab I met a girl and she sexually assaulted and cheated on me and just as I was recently trying to get comfortable with myself and figure out who im going to be on Youtube (its a lot harder to find yourself than be a bunch of toy characters) I saw this youtuber who 

Looks like me 
Has my name
Plays the same instrument as me
And is basically the same person on a humor level

And hes successful. Really successful. He had everything I want out of life and I don't even know why its hitting me so hard but the fact that hes so similar just made me have a fucking huge anger attack and smash up my room. 

I just can't take it all. Its like everything unique I had to offer was just gone. He does the same stuff I wanted to do and hes so similar to me its like if I try to make my channel now ill be called a "ripoff" or something and no one would even give me a second look because why would they watch me when they can watch him? I have nothing to offer anymore.

Its like just as I was getting confident I could do this and make my dream a reality I have nothing anymore. 

And its just hitting me so hard. Ive spent this past week in my room crying and screaming and I just have no idea what to do. Im 16. I wanted to start a channel and support myself so I could get out of my parents house asap but the market has been cornered on myself. I have no idea what to do anymore and I have really been considering just finding a way to get to sleep and not wake up so all this stress of becoming someone will just be lifted. 

I don't know what to do. Its like my personality was stolen. Im no one now. No one will ever be interested in me. Im just a knock off version of someone else now. And no other dream or notion makes me even remotely excited to be alive.

I may add more later but I don't know what to do im going to go nap again.. I don't know what to do.. 