Existential crisisI truly and honestly hate my life. This isn’t a new feeling, I’ve felt this way since I was a kid. Nothing ever seems to work out for me no matter how positive I try to be. I have always been really uncomfortable and not content with where I am. I am really good at faking it though. From the outside I look really confident and like I have it together. I am completely dead on the inside. 

I graduated from college and started working a job that had a severe impact on my mental health. My bosses were straight up bullying me. I would cry driving to work every single day. I would go home and go straight to bed because being sleep is the closest thing to being dead. I worked there for three years because my parents told me I couldn’t quit until I found something that paid equal or more. I stayed this miserable for 3 fucking years until finally I had it. 

I decided that I wanted to travel and get away from my home town. I started making plans to go to another country to live and work there. I finally moved in December of last year in hopes that I would finally be happy. I sold my car and all of my belongings and told everyone I wasn’t ever coming back. This was the trip of a life time and I was so happy to know that it is possible to be happy. This trip ended up being the worst thing I’ve ever been through. I won’t go into details but the whole trip made me more depressed than I was before. Bad things kept happening that weren’t happening to anyone else and I become so frustrated I decided to just give up and go home. 

I’ve been home for three months now and I am in shock I ended up back here. I’m so mad that everyone I traveled with is still in that country having the time of their life while I am back in my home town just as miserable as when I left. I am so sad this didn’t work out for me. I really thought traveling and experiencing new things would make me happy but if course it didn’t. 

I have to go back to work which gives me a lot of anxiety. I only have experience in one industry and have sent out close to 200 applications. The only call backs I’ve gotten are from an industry that wrecked my mental health. I tried to stay strong and keep applying for things I was interested in but no luck. I finally had to accept a position in the same industry today and I feel like I want to kill myself before I even start. 

It’s not like I’m not trying. I really am. I try to stay positive and think about all the things I got to experience overseas but I just become sad knowing that it didn’t really make me happy. I also decided overseas I wanted to get a masters degree in psychology so I dont have to keep working jobs I don’t like and this field really does interest me. I go to the gym everyday and I have a good diet. I try to hang out with positive people and go on dates. I am in therapy and I am trying so hard to make things better for myself but nothing seems to be working. 

I’ve been alive for 28 years and nothing has worked. I feel like I am in the middle of the ocean and no matter what direction I swim I’m going to drown. My friends keep telling me it is going to get better because they don’t know what else to say. I have this impending feeling of doom that this feeling I have will be until I end it. I’m trying so hard to power through it but I’m getting so fucking tired and idk if it’s worth it anymore.