I feel like my life’s been leading up to me committing suicide but I’m to stubborn to go through with it.I’ve never posted on here, mainly because my writing skills aren’t the best but I’m at the end of my rope, but here it goes. It was back in 2009, I met this girl on MySpace. I was an extremely awkward 17 year old and wasn’t the best with girls. I dealt with depression since I was about 13 so that didn’t help either. Anyways, this girl was beautiful, funny, and most of all easy to talk to. We hit it off well until I found out one thing. She was already talking to one of my friends. They weren’t dating yet so I didnt think too much about it, I even let my friend know and he was fine with it, probably because of my awkward nature. Over time it became very clear that her and I had feelings for each other, we’ve hung out a few times as friends and talked most nights, I didn’t feel good about myself because I knew my friend liked her too but when you’re always depressed and someone makes you feel worth something it’s hard to just turn that away. One night after we hung out I walked her to her door and she kissed me. I was so happy that I didn’t even think about my friend. Obviously that caused a rift in our friendship but I’m going to skip all that because we are absolutely fine now and that’s not the reasoning for this. We chose to not date at the time because I didn’t want to be that guy to my friend anymore and they ended up actually dating so I left it alone. Jump to March 2016, her and I still talked and flirted every now and then, keep in mind that her relationship with my friend had been over for a little while now, and one day we decided to give it a try. She was living with her brother and his soon to be wife and I was living with a friend in the same town, at first it was perfect! My depression disappeared and I felt like I would never go back. We made the stupid decision to move fast because we thought that since we’ve known each other for so long we would be fine so I moved out of my friends house and lived with her at her brothers until we got our own apartment a couple months later. She ended up pregnant less than 3 months after we started dating and now I have an amazing son but the problem was, when he was almost born I was terrified. I admit that I was far from the best person at those points in time, always stressed and my anger was getting worse, it didn’t help that she was Mint the cleanest person ever but I knew that going into the relationship. Not long after I found her talking to another guy so I started working on my anger and I managed to get it under control (keep in mind that I never once hit her) but even after getting better I caught her talking to her another guy. Fast forward to about a month ago. Our landlord sold her property and so everyone living there had to leave. I had the choice of moving in with a friend or moving in with my dad, which is a place I never wanted to go back to. I love my dad but we have a horrible history when it comes to living together. She was going to live with her brother and his now wife so that we could have a “break”   But they ended up telling her nevermind within a week or so of needing to move out so against my better judgement I decided to move in with my dad so that she could come with me and would have a place to stay, my friends wouldn’t let her come because as of that time I caught her talking to around 15 guys and they didn’t like me being with her. I tried and tried to do better but everytime things seemed to be going well there would be another guy I catch her talking to and I’d slip further into depression. She left me three weeks ago out of nowhere while I was about to get this nice job that would have changed everything. Now I’m stuck at my dads with no car because she had the only one after mine was totaled, I couldn’t take the job due to having no car, and the town I am in has very few job options and the one I’m at has no opportunity to move forwards. In other words I’m stuck. Luckily income taxes are coming in soon but that doesn’t help my depression. I have an almost 2 year old son and his dad is living with his dad with no car and barely any income. I feel depressed and I wonder why it still hurts me that she left even knowing all that she did to me. I just wanted a family to take care of and come home to but I feel like life has always been pushing me to suicide and I’m to stupid to go through with it. I love my son but I feel like he’d be better without me. Someone please say something that’ll motivate me to do right and stick around, I’m tired of doing nice things only to be screwed over and as much as I feel like suicide is the right choice, I don’t want it to be....