A note no one will ever read anywayThe funny thing is I've actually written one of these a thousand times but ive never really had the balls to go through with it. It was always something I could see but never quite touch. Something I could smell but never lucky enough to taste. Well, here we are. 
For as long as I can remember I've had this insatiable sadness inside of me. This inexplicable, unreachable hole inside me that nothing could fill. The last few months has been the biggest blur, felt like only yesterday I was going to uni, going gym, doing good for myself and here I am months later at rock bottom and absolutely no recollection of any events in between because I've been too fucking high trying to drown my feelings afraid to slip. I've done some crazy things lately, some of you know some dont, which I have no doubt will come out shortly after this is seen, purely because I knew I wouldn't be around long enough to deal with consequences fully. I'm not even sorry either. I've struggled for years while everyone watched and no one actually pulled through for me so I'm not fucking sorry. I tried. I tried to be happy, good and successful, but that just isnt in my fucking cards. I hope y'all dont hate me.
Most of you are familiar with Schrodingers cat, you know how the cat who is in the box is 
both alive and dead at the same time, in the superposition of two states. Until this cat interacts with our world, the cat is indeed dead and alive, but not both. Physics cannot explain how the particles or the cat goes from being simultaneously in two states to being in just one state. The Many worlds theory however suggests the universe itself doesn't choose but at ever major incident where the larger particles interact with the quantum system, the timeline we know is split into two separate realities. This means that both possibilities will take place but on separate branches of time. This continues to happen every time a 'crossroad' is reached, for example, until there is a universe for every single possibility you could imagine. This leads onto quantum immortality, which in short refers to the phenomenon that you could simultaneously die in this universe and continue to live your life in another, due to the infinite number of universes co existing side by side, it is possible, granted the many worlds theory is correct, that they could briefly overlap the second your die in one universe, and transported to the same point in that universe when the death never occurred. In essence, it means that your consciousness will stave alive even though your body and conscious being will die. 
Why am I telling you this? Well, I'm a strong believer in this theory, so take comfort in knowing that I'm probs just kicking it in another dimension where none of this shit happened and I'm gucci.

Love forever