When I die, please don't cry for me. I've cried for myself more than you can imagine.I cry all day and every day. I can't stop thinking about death. I don't care anymore and have broke my long sobriety from drinking and self harming and I don't care anymore. It's the only thing that takes the pain away. Imagine being a failure at the age of 25. That's me. I can't live another 5 years, shit I barely survive each day, by the time the night comes I'm worn down and hold my preferred suicide method to my mouth and think about it. I know one day soon I am just going to do it. I'm scared I'm going to end up in the hospital and be forced into a mental hospital, I've been before and it really is nothing special, they just charge you $1000 a day to have you sit and color worksheets and eat snacks. 

I've failed so much at life, I can't hold a job,.much less a career, I don't have any marketable (shit even non marketable) talents (or drive/passion to learn new things), my partner and I have given up on our relationship, I don't have any education and had to drop out of school, I can't keep friends or meaningful relationships because of how I am. I have no family. I have no passions, hobbies, skills, etc. Even the small things like eating a meal are impossible for me to do. I've been eating chips, rice, tortillas for the last 6 months or so and I just don't care. Morning has flavor or interest. Everything is dull and I'm alone here. I can't even play video games. I can't even pick up my switch and run around in a game for 10 minutes. I have no focus or drive. 

When I wake up in the morning after crying myself to sleep every night and cry more. I feel bad for my partner because he just leaves me to cry and be unkempt in bed all day but I don't blame him at all. I'm disgusting. I'm fucking sickening to be around. The only thing I can do is cry and when I'm not crying I'm disassociating and staring at the wall. 

I need the strength and encouragement to end it. I'm suffering and it hurts. I'm done and I don't want to be here anymore. I can't do it anymore. I've been strong for so long but I'm tired of 'holding on' please just let me go. I don't even know who I am anymore. I would say that person is dead but I don't think they even existed in the first place. I've always been like this. I can't be strong for everyone anymore.