Talk me into it or talk me out of itI've thought vividly about suicide several times a day, probably every day for the last two years.  there was not one negative event in my life, like a death or a breakup or something "appropriate", that triggered this.  rather, the most depressing aspect of my whole situation is that i think the descent into listlessness, misery and suicidal ideation has been brought on by the onset of adulthood and an increasingly lucid view of where my life can go from here.  the lucid view is not pretty.  

when i think about killing myself, really visualize enacting plans i've conceived (they aren't creative and are usually variations of things like jumping off a building or eating a bullet...bldg would be easier), i don't feel a sense of serene anticipation like this is going to be ablissful release.  i feel immense grief/loss.  there used to be things i loved in life and *i still love them* from afar but can't experience them anymore. and there are so many things i wanted to do.  when i think about dying, this is how it weighs, not good.

but then i think about living another day, and how it's been years since i've been happy and most days i'm actively unhappy.  i think about my future: getting old and fat and losing all my dignity in society, losing all my friends, getting passed over for partnership at my law firm, root canals when lazy dental hygiene catches up with me, the incredible haglike methface that will settle on me when i'm too indifferent to laser and botox and refinish myself, getting sick and having gross embarassing medical problems, paying taxes every year and never accomplishing anything while people i went to college with accomplish more.  being a disappointment, which is the worst feeling in the world, *until* you're no longer a disappointment because people never notice you in the first place and it never occurs to them to expect anything impressive.  feeling utterly alone.  

i need to shit or get off the pot.  i need some reason to believe things will get better (i'm concerned i'm too wise to delude myself that that's likely to be the case).  without a credible reason, i really can't think of a more rational coruse than suicide.  i've tried drugs, but they are just an inconvenient-to-obtain, side-effects-ridden series of fleeting diversions.  i don't like drinking very much so i cant resort to that.

i want to be happy.  but in all likelihood i'm going to be sad for the rest of my life.  better to not be sad.  