Graduation was my be all end all, some thoughts while I try and find courage to end my life (sorry it's long)I know this is long I keep a lot bottled up. I don’t think I care if anyone reads it but I just wanted to publish my thoughts somewhere. 

I don’t know what makes me wanna post here, I’ve been reading suicide forums since I was a teenager hoping they’d give me courage to go through with it and have never posted on them. I’ve been close to death a few times, but in 2016 when I had just turned 20 was the closest I ever got. I took 3 handfuls of mixed pills then chickened out a while later and went crying to my mom, we went to the hospital and they pumped me then sent me to the mental hospital. They were only supposed to keep me for the 3 days, but because I’m introverted and didn’t talk much they saw that as me ‘isolating’ myself and kept me for a week. I haven’t tried since then because I don’t ever want to go back there, so the next time has to be for sure. The reason I want to try again is because I graduated college yesterday and I don’t think my life is going anywhere. I don’t want to be like those people on the forums that are 47 and have been trying to kill themselves their whole lives.. I’d rater do it while I’m young than suffer another 30 years and finally realize life isn’t for me.

I called my mom today and she got mad at me for not being happy for just this one day and that I’ll never be happy. I know this, but hearing her say it puts me in an even worse place. I used to be very private about anything I felt, not wanting to be a burden, but after my serious attempt my mom told me to talk to her. It didn’t work out. Any time I tell her I want to kill myself she yells and says I say that to punish her and I’m manipulating her. One of the worst things is she always starts crying and asking me what’s so bad about my life and saying she tried so hard to give me a good life but she’s a failure as a parent. I can’t help that I’m mentally ill and she doesn’t understand how I think or feel… her saying those things only makes me feel worse. As a single parent and only child our relationship has always been rocky. She doesn’t recognize the mental and emotional abuse she put me through as a child. Even though she did some terrible things I still love my mom. I feel like a burden and a disappointment. I graduated top of my class. I struggled so hard to keep a full ride scholarship, forced myself out of bed on the days I had given up to go to class anyways, hoping that this hard work would give me fulfillment, but I’m still not happy. If I’m not happy with that then I never will be. I had always planned if I didn’t have a good job lined up or wasn’t going to graduate school after graduation then I would kill myself. Now I’m here and I don’t know what to do. In 2016 it was so much easier because I had fought with both of my best friends and hadn’t talked to them in months and I had a fight with my mom and didn’t speak to her in months either. No one cared then and no one would get hurt when I killed myself. I tried to cut everyone off this time but they won't leave me alone and everyone is worried because of last time. I don’t want to worry anyone, but I’m so tired. I’m lazy and a failure and a hypocrite my mom always says “How can you be a psychologist when you can’t even take care of yourself? You can’t help others.” Maybe it’s true, but the only self worth or redeem I find is in trying to help others so they don’t end up like me. 

I feel like I can’t reach out to anyone. Any time I do they only turn it into how they feel, how I hurt them, and how I need help. I’ve tried help. I’ve been in therapy and on medication since I was 14, now I’m 22 and just as miserable. I want nothing more than to be happy and content with life, but my whole family is cursed. My grandmother worked grueling days in a factory and had an abusive husband who tried to kill her. She was a terrible mother to my mom who got nothing but the shaft in life and had a husband who left her with nothing. She had to struggle to try and give me everything only to be left miserable with a job she hates, no money, and a horrible daughter who hates her life and just want to die. Nobody in my family has made a better life so how am I ever going to do it? I want such simple things. I want to go to graduate school to get a job I like, I want to be happy, I want to make enough money so I don’t have to worry, I want to have health insurance so my family can go to the doctor when they’re sick, all of that seems so impossible. I say I could be happy eventually, but I have a horrible combo of mental illnesses and I’m diagnosed with something worse every year. Started off with anxiety, then depression, then adhd, then bipolar, then schizotypal.. soon it’ll be schizophrenia since that runs in my family and manifests in early adulthood. Who can live with this constant mental attack? Life and my own brain are against me. The only thing I’ve ever had is my intelligence but I can’t even apply it because I let my illnesses hold me back and run my life. Everyone has a job lined up or is going straight to graduate school and I have nothing but a degree in an area that has no jobs. If I didn’t have to worry about my mom, grandma, and pets things would be better. I could either kill myself or move across the country and do whatever I want, but I have to help support them. My mom tells me to worry about myself and she doesn’t need me to support her, but then says she has no money and worries about where she’ll be in a few months and is going to have to work until she dies. I feel so empty, like I don’t live in my own body. I’m only a robot here to support my family until they’re comfortable and then I can finally die. Sometimes I wish I had siblings, so they could help the family and be my replacement. I don’t have control of my life and suicide is the only comfort I have. Sometimes I get the tiniest moment of happiness or spark of hope that is immediately squashed by something terrible happening to me or my family. I want to end our family curse with me, and I can do that if I die. I don’t know what to do, I want to die but I’m so afraid of the burden I’ll put on everyone around me. If you got this far.. thanks for listening.