stuck and giving upfor the longest time i’ve felt extremely paranoid, burdened with ocd, and anxious. i’ve been waiting for the “it gets better” but i’m starting to believe it’s a lie. i’ve been like this for ten years and i’ve seen nothing except that it’s all gotten worse. i’m stuck in an abusive and toxic household with no escape. i’ve been trying so hard to get a job and i’ve only gotten one in the past but it made my mental health ten times worse so i had to quit. my town is small so i don’t get anything back and it hurts. i don’t think i can do this anymore. i keep thinking about how i’m going to be 20 soon (not old, i know) but it sucks that i still live in this place of trauma when i thought i’d be out at 18. i held onto that hope ever since i was a kid that 18 would be my magic number, but it wasn’t and 20 won’t be either. i go to my boyfriend and best friend whenever i feel this way, but i feel it so often and they don’t have much to say to help and to be fair, i wouldn’t either, especially since they aren’t feeling good either. i’ve taken medication before and all it did was make me mentally and physically numb, i’ve tried going outside, i’ve tried getting a new hobby. it’s all fleeting and i feel like i don’t deserve to be happy anyway. i feel disgusting. i can’t even tell my own mother because she’s threatened multiple times to “ship me off” when i was a child because i wasn’t getting better fast enough. she still does this to me now. she doesn’t understand that i have personal boundaries and says i’m a bad person because of them. after being out as trans for such a long time, even yesterday she asked to call me by my birth name because it “made her comfortable and she tried so hard to find that name”. as if i didn’t try hard for mine and i explained to her that it’s my name, i deserve to be comfortable, not anyone else. but all she does is gaslight and manipulate me, trying to make me feel bad for her and i’m the bad person. NEVER would i tell her i’m feeling bad, all she does is say “i’m tired of this, i’ll just send you away”. as if i’m not fucking tired, i’m living it. i don’t even know who i am anymore and why i should keep going. all i get is worse and i feel bad for telling people that i feel bad because i’ve done it so often and they can’t offer me any advice. i’ve had set plans to kill myself and honestly i’m so damn close. i’m infuriated and burnt out.