From monkey to koala. I'm sorry.This might be goodbye.

I have no reason to live. I don't have enough money for rent, let alone my medical bills. I'm starting to believe I'm not cut out for my dream career. I don't want to believe that I lost the love of my life. Did you read the messages/letter from Friday night?

For the first time it feels like I'm wearing the promise ring from a dead man. I feel sick. I can't eat. I can't sleep. Trust me, I've tried. I've been wearing your shirt again to feel you encompassing me.

I don't want my parents to know what happened this year. I rather they have a pleasant last memory of me. I don't want them to see this either. I'll write a letter and mail it to them, and tell them our star-crossed lovers' story. I know how they will best understand the news. Do not interfere with my parents.

I've tried to come up with countless scenarios of what you do during your extended silences, trying to believe in all that is good. My koala wouldn't hurt me, even though I've hurt him in ways no one could've imagined. Koala is a great person, a model human for our future children. Koala couldn't possibly be discovering the hidden gems and delicious foods of our hometown without me. Koala has classes to focus on anyway and needs to save money. But then I began to question my beliefs after you said you continue to see her. I didn't notice there were two rocks in the photo you sent me. Did you go there with her? Please don't take her to Aroma, Via Cibo, and Maha's, that is my dying wish.

I wanted you to call last night so I could hear two things from you. 1) that you love me and 2) that our chapter isn't over. You are the reason I want to live. I couldn't fall back asleep last night after waking up within 3 hours of falling asleep. I puked last night. I puked again this morning on my bed, and then in the bathroom sink when I realized there was more. It was just yellow vile liquid, my stomach is empty.

Without you by my side, I want to run away from this life. You, the person who asked me to marry you, albeit lightheartedly, were the only person I cared for and loved so intensely. Maybe I should start a new life as a nomad. But I don't have any money. Each life ends with the same result. So what if it's early? I have nothing to look forward to. I imagined our future as the only future. We supported each other through all the rough times. I knew even if my dream career wasn't attainable, you would support my plan B, C and all the way to Z. I met you when you were a freight member at HD, and I didn't walk away. I let other people's thoughts cloud my own, and I shouldn't have. They don't know you the way i know you. I love you.

I'll wear the rings as always, and the shirt you wore on our first date, it only seems fitting for the end. Full circle.

I will love you until my last breath. We'll recreate the moment we met in heaven. I'll be waiting.

Goodbye