I have no need to continueI have no need to continue. All I see in my future is more pain, suffering, disrespect from others, and self-loathing.

I have to live with my disabled parents and they make my life miserable. They're horrible with finances, leaving us with little to no money to live on. I make double digits at my job yet I'm lucky to be able to spend $20, $30 each paycheck. Their conditions, both mental and physical, let them take the old cliche "they're stuck in their old ways" and trample it to death. This has gone on for so long I don't love either parent anymore. I'd much rather move out to somewhere far away and never see or hear from them again.

I hate living a life where I have a voice except either everyone else ignores me or says they'll help me out yet never seem to have the time to do so.

I hate living a life where no matter how often I (almost) do the right things I get kicked in the nuts by life while everyone else who takes the easy routes gets rewarded or goes unpunished when something they're in charge of goes wrong.

I hate living a life where whenever I try to better myself if I do succeed, no matter how small of a goal it was, no one seems to care about how good I feel. What's the point of telling me that you'll be there for me when every time I genuinely need the help and support I just get left alone in the end?

I hate living a life where I have to depend on a shitty job with shitty owners of the company I work for makes things more difficult. We're talking about a company that called in an ambulance for a (now former) co-worker showed what I and everyone else knows were signs of a minor stroke. Then this same company gave this co-worker a written reprimand for leaving work early without having enough benefits to cover the hours he missed. And then there's the other co-worker who also got written up for missing work due to a heart attack. Not to mention how the people in charge of making the big decisions can make multiple mistakes but somehow keep their jobs. And I mean, big mistakes like letting their selfish pride overrule our legitimate concerns only later to have our customers return all of the products because they're as faulty as we claimed they were.

I hate living a life where I wake up each morning wondering why I'm still alive. Wondering why I have to go through these same frustrating and miserable moments where no matter how hard I try, nothing ever changes for the better.

I hate living a life where I'm too scared of the pain to actually commit suicide. Once I get over that hurdle, I'll finally find my peace and quiet.

And I'm expecting this to not get any comments. Like the old saying goes, "If I didn't have bad luck, I wouldn't have any luck at all." So I guess I'm just venting here? Whatever. It's just me talking to a room full of people again where no one's paying any attention to me. 