I'm tired. I don't want to do this anymore.A few weeks ago my doc thought it would be a great idea to continue increasing the dose of a med I thought was making my depression worse. He insisted it had a threshold effect. Turns out it did, but the threshold was suicidal ideation. 

I've been suicidal for most of my life. It started when I was maybe 12? Some periods of time were worse than others, but it was always there. Then a few years ago I bought some vials of ketamine to self medicate. It worked. Suicidal ideation was gone. It's been over a year since my last maintenance injection. I wasn't suicidal until the stupid fucking lamictal and then all of a sudden it was all I could think about. 

I immediately dropped back down on the dose of the med (i've been on it for a year, it was just the recent increase that created problems) and called my doc, got put on a new med. But I still want to kill myself. Not 24/7, but intermittently the urge is quite strong. 

I ordered more ketamine, but it will take up to several more weeks to get here. There's a voice in my head that keeps reminding me that I could do it. There's no reason I can't. Even when I wasn't suicidal it's not like I actually wanted to be alive, I just didn't think of killing myself as an option. Life is exhausting. Every day is something I have to get through. Any fun is just a break from the bad stuff, and it's not worth it. Responsibilities pile up and I feel more and more overwhelmed and fall further behind. There are people who love and care about me, but spending time with them is exhausting. All I want to do with my limited free time is go home and be alone to relax a bit. And then I have to wake up and do it all over again. 

I don't believe in any purpose or meaning or higher power. I believe that death is just like before I was born, not existing. So once I did it it would be over with. I've always had a problem with avoidance and escapism. This would be the ultimate escape. 

People tell me they'd be sad if I died.  But it's not fair to ask me to keep living when I didn't choose this. If they want to keep the gift of life, fine. Then they can put up with the pain that comes with it, including my suicide. If they don't think it's worth it then they're welcome to do the same. I don't want to have to force myself to get through every day when I fucking hate it, especially because I'll die in the end anyway so why force myself to suffer for decades more first?

I never expected to make it to adulthood. Never expected to live through undergrad. I'm 24. That's a hell of a lot longer than I thought I'd be able to bear. It feels like the ketamine was borrowed time. Not wanting to kill myself wasn't rational. 24 years is enough to know that I don't want to keep doing this. It's like every day is just frantically treading water for no fucking reason because all life is is treading water until you die. And I'm tired. I'm exhausted. I don't want to do this anymore. I want to stop struggling and just let it all go. I really really tried. 

Honestly one of the things keeping me from impulsively doing it is how messy my apartment is and not wanting anyone to see that. Yet another thing in the overwhelming list of responsibilities I've failed to keep up with. Can't I just cut my losses? Can't I just be done with this?