Is it finally time?I've been conciously suicidal for around 8 years now, though the chances I had been suicidal before that and had not the words for it are great. I've been doing this song and dance for a while. 
I've gotten help, changed my life, grew up, fell in love, got a job, the whole nine yards. Everything anyone has ever given as a solution to this feeling, I have tried. And they helped, some for more time than others. But in the end, I still feel this way.
It doesn't help that everything has wilted, either. My friendships have faded, my love moved to California to pursue a job, my studies no longer excite me, my job has been miserable from day one, and my therapist stopped talking to me about 3 months ago. I've lost or am losing everything that had given me hope for the future,  and I can't find it in myself to go looking again.
A wise man once told me I was not the sort of person people keep. Like a particularly smooth rock or brightly colored leaf, I'm the sort people lose interest in pretty much as soon as the have any to lose. I balked at that then, but it's proven true time and time again. I don't hold anyone's interest. I'm not even holding mine.
I've fallen back into the old signs of worsening depression. I have no appetite, no energy. I don't want to talk to anyone about anything, and everything I've said in the past few months just feels like a mistake. I don't want to text my now long distance boyfriend. I don't want to exist. I want to fade into obscurity, soft as smoke. I want my presence to cease to be.
So, I've decided to start prepping. Clean my apartment, distance myself from friends and family, save up to pay the last few month of rent up front so my roommate won't have to struggle. Maybe I'll take a train up to Ontario, see Canada for the first time, and go quietly in a hotel room.
Something soft, something final. Give everyone who wants a chance at good bye a chance without letting them catch on. I don't want to make a scene, I want to fade away. I don't want it to hurt. Not them, not me.
I'm waiting for it to finally be time for me to go.