After 8 years of depression, I don't think I can do this anymoreI've called my Mum who lives on the other side of the city to come and pick me up and take me to the mental health  emergency facility, just so I know that I don't do anything stupid. The only problem is that once I get home again I don't know whether anything will change. I live with my boyfriend and we have just gotten past a huge bump in our relationship, and we're in couples counselling together to sort shit out, although I feel like its more for him to sort stuff out because it's still not helping me.

I've done counselling before and I'm on Zoloft at a 50mg dose after my psychologist decided there wasn't any more she could do to help. I haven't been in counselling for almost 2 years now, so maybe it's time to go back so that I can have someone who isn't family to talk to. I honestly don't think it will do any good, because I just fake the fact that I am making progress so that she won't call my parents (who are the crisis contacts) and tell them to watch me closely. She never says what's been going on to them, but I always feel guilty making my parents worry.

I'm 21, a retail manager who is quite successful at work. I run my own store and don't get hassled by the field managers because they live in another state and only visit my store once every 6 weeks, so it really is mostly on my shoulders. I know this should show me that I am having some success in life, but I just don't feel like I'm going anywhere.

If it weren't for the fact that I know the heartache that suicide can bring to a family, I'd already be dead. The fun part comes when, at the moment, I don't actually give a shit about how it would make anyone else feel. I want to run a blade the entire length of both my arms and bleed all over the floor and stop worrying about all this shit. I know it won't make the problems go away, but at least I won't have to deal with them.

So, to end my rant, I don't care about my family and lack of friends and how this may affect them. I just want to do something for me. Something that seems like it might finally make me happy, even mixed in amongst the guilt.