To be free.I have had a rough up bringing with a single mom that was an alcoholic and drug addict I was mentally and physically abused most of my childhood from being told I was worthless and many other things. I was constantly hit for my actions as a child and locked in my room so she wouldnt have to deal with me. When I was 14 I was finally free from her but my anger followed and only got worse over the years. I lived with my grandmother for a couple years and they weren't great either because my uncle would always harass me and call me names and say I would be no better than her. When I was 16 I moved in with my sister and things got a bit better but my anger and self doubt was always there with me but she was always there to help me and show me I was better than that. I moved out right after graduation which was only possible because of my sister always making me go to school. I fell in love and got a girl pregnant which ended with a miscarriage that I blame myself for. I moved back in with my sister and slowly began to heal and be a better person. When  I was 22 I met my soulmate and we were together for 3 years and eventually had a child together and I was the happiest I have ever been but my anger was always there with me. My best friend got killed in a car accident and that only made my anger worse and slowly pushed people away. I have seen many therapists and psychiatrists have been off and on medication some helped some didn't. I got addicted to drugs and didn't realize it. I only let my anger grow Inside me until my better half couldnt take it anymore and she left me which I dont blame her only myself. I went back to counseling after I tried to take my life because I figured it was the only thing I could do right, which I couldnt. I got back on my medication and things started to seem better I looked forward to the future and what it might hold but I couldnt and still cant move on from her... I have recently stopped taking my medication because I was pursuing a career that would not allow me to be on them and I thought I could be strong enough without them...again I am wrong and now I feel like I am back at square one laying here thinking about everything I have done wrong and everything I cant fix. All I want right now is to be free from this pain and feeling of hopelessness. All I want is to have someone there that cares and feel affection again from the one I love but I know it's not fair for her because I will just end up hurting her again out of anger. All I want is to fall asleep and dream forever because that is the only place I am happy now but I know it's not fair for my son so I must remain trapped here until I know he is strong enough without me.