tl;drHello, this may be a bit long-winded but I feel like it needs to be, sorry in advance (but I do appreciate you taking the time to read my thoughts).
P.S. This may come off as '/r/iamverysmart' type of wording, but I'm just trying my best to push past my disgust of being seen as a pseudo-intellectual, to honestly try and transcribe my thoughts to text. 

I've come to a point where, after almost 10 years of suicidal thought, I'm reaching the point at which there really doesn't seem to be any proverbial light at the end of the tunnel. And although suicide is not my ideal outcome (obviously, hence this rant), my persistent inaction leads me to believe that it is the inevitable conclusion to my life. So why now instead of later? My mind is plagued with cognitive  dissonance, which I manage through avoidance of anything that causes me even slight distress. This has only gotten worse as time passes, and it's progress doesn't seem to be slowing at any rate, which just leads to further avoidance of an ever growing list of situations. Should I wait for a time when I don't have the mental strength to even eat and maybe starve to death? Or is a better choice to rid the world of myself and leave it with a few more resources than if I chose to just continue leeching from anything I can, like a parasite.

I'm about to be 24, I live in an apartment that my parents begrudgingly pay for because they couldn't stand to live with me any longer, while also feeling that it was wrong to put me on the street, as they knew that is where I would be otherwise. I have 2 people that I describe as friends, although with time, I can sense their disdain building. I've hoped that they will cut ties with me for their own benefit, however I still selfishly cling onto them to satiate my crushing loneliness. At the risk of sounding like a whining incel, it's probably worth noting that I've never even been close to being in a romantic relationship with another person, and my only times of any physical contact are a 2 second, awkward, unwanted hug or handshake when greeting members of my family. I may be painting a picture of myself as a grouchy, edgy nerd that hates everyone, but the one thing I honestly can say about myself is that I really do try and treat everyone I come across with as much respect and courtesy as I am able. I recognise that I'm the sole reason for my circumstance, and even with all of the niceties of the world, and all of the resources that have been dumped into making me a valued member of society, I have come out the other end a heavy anchor, dragging down anything that comes near with my self pity.

I absolutely cringe at any sort of emotional expression, which makes writing this all the more difficult. I have tried to work out why I have such a visceral reaction to something that most have no problem with, but I have no good answer, I had a good childhood, great parents, did well in school until I dropped out when I was 15, and wasn't even bullied. Yet for some reason I can't even have the thought of telling someone my feelings without a waveof uncontrollable disgust. I have a similar reaction when confronted with any sort of challenge that healthy people find little issue, besides minor anxiety. Opening a job application gives me a panic attack, talking to a cashier makes me sweat, even the thought of applying for unemployment benefits makes me freeze up, placing the burden of my existence solely on my family. I have honestly made my best efforts to integrate into the world, but an impassable mental block swiftly thwarts any attempts, each failure pushing me to a new low that I previously thought impossible.

I could drone on endlessly about my 'problems', but this is probably a good place to conclude (even though I'm sure to have forgotten many things).
All I want is to be needed, but knowing that I don't, and never will have anything to give brings me forever back to the same conclusion. I truthfully
am searching for ways to dig myself out of this lifelong hole I've put myself in (I've tried; Medication, Meditation, Cardio, Weightlifting, Yoga, +
some other things), but my odds of success just keep shrinking.

Thanks for reading, writing this has been extremely cathartic, I hope nobody cringed too much.