Long post. Read it if you want to.I don’t really think I need any help, but I thought I would post this here. I just think I need to type this out more than anything. This is a throwaway for obvious reasons. Sorry ahead of time for the length of this post, but if you don’t care enough to read this then you don’t really care enough to “help” and that’s okay, you are under no obligation to do so.

I’m going to commit suicide. It’s true, and has taken me a long time to come to this conclusion. It does feel weird to actually type that out though, I’ve never even told anyone I’ve had suicidal thoughts before. Now before you pretend to be worried about some random person on the internet that wants to off himself, relax. This is not anything that I can do anytime soon. 

First off, my method is going to take a lot of planning. I’ve done my research and found a reliable method that will kill me quickly and leave a peaceful looking corpse. I’m not going to get into details, but I will need a few supplies and access to prescription drugs that I don’t have at the moment. That’s all in the works and should be relatively easy. Why I’m really waiting is because of my family.

I am a college student and have student loans I will need to pay for. If I died today then my family (who is going through a hard time financially right now) would probably have to take on the debt. This combined with the cost of a burial and a funeral would financially crush them.

Then I have the emotional side of the ones left behind. My grandmother is dying right now. She has terminal cancer combined with dementia. I could never let my mother or brother go through two deaths that quickly. (I’ve never known my father so he obviously would not be affected by this.) Plus I do know that outliving your child would be rough, but she does have another son with a brighter future and isn’t broken.

You may be wondering what my reason is. Well, I’ve always wanted to die. Simple as that. Hell, I used to pray for it some nights when I was younger and still believed in a god. I think it would be fair to say that life has never been easy on me. I might not have had the worst life in the world, but I’m tired. I’ve always been tired. Not the type of tired that sleep can help, but something more than that. Maybe you could call it depression, I don’t know.
They say that life gets better as you get older, but that’s not what I’ve experienced at all. I will admit that I am still pretty young (mid 20s), but you’d think that I would have noticed that mythical shift into happiness by now. Things have just gotten worse. The meaning of life is to help our leaders gain power and to reproduce so your kids can do the same. I am an American, and we have something called the American Dream here. That’s exactly what it is, a dream; it’s not real, it’s a carrot on a stick. They let us believe that we are all successful millionaires that just haven’t made it yet, it’s bullshit. Unless you were born rich you’ll probably die poor and so will your kids. Maybe that easier/happier life that everyone talks about is the same way.

I feel like I’m just biding my time until I get to die. I want that eternal nothingness more than anything, but I have to wait for it. Until then I continue living this life, earning a degree to get a good job. I think it’s more for the challenge than anything, I just want to prove that I could do it. Maybe after I graduate and pay back my loans I can die, I think I will have earned it. Thanks for reading this if you did. 
