Todays the day I take a leap from a highbuilding...I dont know what to say or why im doing this, shit ive never even posted on this site. Ive always known one day I would kill myself but its kind of weird now that im in the situation I can't stand to deal with again, I don't want to, but I will because i am physically and mentally beat the fuck down. Today I lose everything and wont even have a home..even my best bud my pup frisco the only ONE that has truely loved me unconditionally or conditionally. I made some mistakes and did  things I would of never done or wanted to do normally but addiction is a monster and would not wish it upon my worst enemy. I just dont have it in me to do this anymore to constantly start over im only 24 and im burnt out completely I don't have it in me anymore, and that is sad i know. Today my aunt will be kicking me out and dropping me off in a random city where I know nobody and have nowhere to go except to the tallest building I can find. Despite me doing some stupid things in my life i always felt like i had a good heart, i mean the worst things i did was steal some bullshit but it justifies her response I do understand that. I always hoped I could of done something with my life but I didn't   I always wanted to be accepted by my family but wasn't. I am going to miss my family despite how much they hate me for my addiction, and my dog I loved to death which is probably the only reason I am still here now to be fair. So as it goes my plan is to enjoy today even tho I have no money or food to enjoy a last meal, but I did convince a dealer to spot me something funny how that worked out so atleast I will be able to get high one last time and reminisce before it's all said and done, despite being clean for a while now. Its funny how things from my past have come back to haunt me in the present and can never be left behind no matter how hard I try. So as it goes I may check in before I leave, I may not it depends on if i come across a wifi signal in my journey inbetween and what commences between my path from now and then...jumping was not my first choice, but I cant afford a gun and always puss out of hanging but thats the way things go as they say. hopefully its not so bad on the otherside look for me in connecticut if your curious. Goodbye I guess. -R