I Don’t Know Where Else To Turn.I’m writing this here because I simply don’t know anyone who would listen to me.

I’m 21 years old, and I am a failure.

I left my old job because I couldn’t take being yelled at all the time, being told how useless, pathetic, and how big a liability I am. I used to be really good, but I went downhill months ago and I couldn’t get my mojo back. It’s made more difficult when you’re constantly being told you’ll never be good enough.

My friends don’t even seem to remember I exist. On the off-chance I do see them, they make plans in front of me and forget to invite me. I don’t even get a “hi” from them, whether it’s in person or over text or something. I’d lay some good odds that if I just “disappeared”, hardly anybody would notice, and even those who would, would forget within an hour or two.

My family have never cared all that much about me, and liked to yell and scream at me for not being good enough. I went through a period of almost never being allowed to leave the house during my two years at college because my mum’s boyfriend didn’t like me. My parents never did anything about this, and that isn’t going into the physical stuff that happened when I was much younger.

Recently I’ve been spacing out and drifting off into thoughts. Like, so many years have passed, and yet, I’m still the same person I was. I haven’t become the person I wanted to be. All I’ll ever be is this same old failure, a wasted human being.

My housemates either ignore me or seem to hate me for some reason. I don’t know what I did wrong, maybe it’s the fact I exist. That’s usually what it is.

The only thing I have going for me is that I’m a half-decent musician, and even that seems to be failing me despite practicing for three to four hours every day. Today I broke down crying halfway through because it just didn’t seem worth it anymore.

I’m in university studying music performance, and it’s going terribly to say the least. What little confidence I had left at the beginning of the course has all but dried up. Mostly because nobody there really likes me, but also because I’m just...not good enough. My teachers certainly don’t seem to like me even though I’m consistently putting effort in.

It’s just the same as it’s always been. I’ve never been good enough and will never be good enough. I will always be a failure. A useless waste of skin and bone.

There’s more to it all but I don’t feel like saying much more. No matter how much I try and reach out, nobody listens. It’s only me I know, I’m nothing special, but the company would be appreciated. I feel so disconnected from everything and everyone lately and all I really want is the company.