You broke my heart even though you thought I didn't have one.You said I was your world. You said I was the only thing you had to live for. You said you needed me. You said I was a whore. You said I was beautiful. You said I was a sociopath lacking in self-awareness. You said you would always love me no matter what. You said I was meaningless, vapid, and superficial. You said you would do anything to be with me. You said I was ugly. You said I was perfect. You said I was cold, and calculating. You said I was your best friend. You said I was a thot. You said you wanted to be with me and make me happy. You said I was a psychopathic zoomer. You said you loved me.

You said I was stupid.

I guess that was true.

You never said that you started cheating on me with another woman - no, a girl - almost on the very same day you met her, but I felt it anyway. I knew what neither of us would admit. For all the meaningless words exchanged between us - little bullets of spite - neither of us were mature enough to acknowledge our each other's suffering.

I perverted the truth by trying to express it only in the terms you understood. Even across the Pacific Ocean, only this misunderstanding truly separated us. You can't see how much I suffered. My suffering blinded me to yours. Perhaps most humans weren't meant to know the truth. When I tried to express it to you it was almost like lying because it made you understand it even less.

I've lied too.

There was never anybody else, and there never will be.

I pretended I didn't love you as much as I did.

In the beginning I would have died for you.

Remember when you said it was perhaps presumptive to think of the future as infinite and full of possibilities, instead of the past? It was last year. I don't think you remember. I remember that file you sent me of the Aurora Borealis. I remembered the file name. You said I had a peculiarly good memory. You forgot where I came from. You mis-remembered my name, and I played along because I felt like it was you bestowing me a new name, for a new life. I wish I could forget everything. We're just like our parents. We repeated their mistakes. History repeats itself. I thought you weren't like the rest of them. I thought you were the Svanidze to my Stalin.

Laugh at my pain. Laugh at my sorrow. Or even better/worse, pretend it doesn't exist. Just like you pretended I didn't exist! Mock me like I delighted in the suffering of my enemies once. By reacting like them I lowered myself to their level. Entropy spreads.

You didn't break my heart because you left me, T. You became like the rest of them. The world broke my heart, not you. You said I was an archetype, just like the rest of them. You became detached and cruelly indifferent, just like you thought I was. In the end everybody is the same. To re-appropriate your words: it's not just the individual, it's a 'social phenomenon'.

You destroyed yourself, betrayed your values because of some delusion of solidarity in suffering with those who also died inside long ago. You told me two wrongs don't make a right - just like two apathetic, nihilistic, suicidal humans can't make the right decisions especially when it came to each other.

You were right even though you never held true to your principles. Your words were true even though you never believed in them, never applied that to your own suffering. My suffering was real even though it was never translated into that fickle system of language. There were no words big enough. But to the point. Two wrongs really don't make a right. Reactive vengeance catalyzes similar reactions until the whole human system collapses into a morass of suffering-induced alienation, spiteful cruelty, and misunderstanding.

____

Through my immense suffering I have realized that there must be redemption. For everybody. Even for the worst of humanity. Even for the best of humanity that descended into evil through suffering. Through your suffering you succumbed to reactionary hatred and generalization, just like many others. Just like I did. That part of me died over a month ago. I've died a million deaths before I came to this point. I won't perpetuate the cycle, I'll stop breathing if I must.