Some thoughts before I leave. Please hear me.This will be stream-of-consciousness. Thanks in advance for your patience in reading.

Can there really be free will? Do we really have choices?

I’m starting to think that everything we are and everything we will ever be has already been decided since we were born. Poor kids with abusive parents pick being gangmembers not because they chose to be “bad,” but because they were dealt a shit hand in life. You could even argue that the kids who grow up in terrible situations who try really hard in school and end up defying all odds to go to college had that in them all along. It was in their genes, in their biochemistry. Conversely, someone with privilege and financial resources who is beset by neurotic genes, an unattractive physique, conditional love from parents and peers, and a history of failed connections and lonely nights is forever screwed. And telling that person that they just need to try harder, or that they need to “choose to be happy” ends up doing more harm than good, since it puts the blame on them and compounds their neuroticism and self-hatred.

I have been given this analogy by a therapist: you are a cup, and your love is the liquid in the cup. If you seek external love and support without loving yourself first, you can only give a small amount of liquid, since there isn’t much there at all. But if you learn to make self-love a habit, your cup will fill and eventually overflow, allowing the people around you to receive your love without sacrificing the love you need to give yourself. But to that I respond, what if your cup is so empty that you don’t even have enough love to motivate yourself to start trying to love yourself? The way I see it, at a certain point, external intervention is the only solution.

My problems are a Catch-22: in order for me to receive unconditional love from other people (which is a human need, like air/food/water), I need to have already received love in order to have the confidence to show my true and relaxed self to the world and to give people the attention that they enjoy. So, I can’t get what I need without already having what I need.

I have several friends who, when I confided in them about my problems, tried to empathize with me by saying, “I used to be where you are.” But how did their story improve? For one friend, a beautiful girl was interested in him in early adolescence, and they had a long and intensely enjoyable relationship. He then had lots of love in his cup, and he has never wanted for sexual/romantic partners since. She “saved” him. 

Another friend hadn’t ever even kissed a girl until college. But that changed when he discovered alcohol and went out to bars and got shitfaced. He ended up in sexual situations without remembering how he got there. And he also eventually met his longtime girlfriend that way. They hit it off while he was sloshed. My conclusion, then, is that for some of us, there is no way to realistically solve our problems by ourselves. They are just too insurmountable. Some outside intervention is necessary.

Now if you’re thinking, “well, it’s only insurmountable because you’re telling yourself it’s insurmountable,” trust me, I’ve been there. I have spent years trying to resist the entropy within myself. The problem is, it never gets easier if your external world doesn’t meet you halfway. It never get easier. Every day is hard, and there is only so much hope one can have before they are completely overcome with despair. I am rounding the cusp and peering over the cliff into the void.

Death terrifies me. The idea of my consciousness and my story being silenced forever is so confusing and horrifying to me. But I am between two piles of shit, and I want to pick the one that will smother me sooner.

I don’t even know if I’ll be able to go through with it. If nothing changes by the time my parents die, I’ll go find a cliff. Somewhere beautiful and quiet. And I’ll call everyone I can think of to say goodbye. And it will finally be time to end my story and face the unknown. But I really don’t know if I’ll be able to go through with it. When I think about that fear and the possibility that suicide might not be a solution for me either, I feel so claustrophobic and like I’m backed into a corner with no escape. Life is truly hell.

One more counterargument. If you’re thinking to yourself, “you just need to wait. It’ll get better, I promise,” you may be right! It’s hypothetical, who knows. I’m sure that there are plenty of people out there who have had sad endings, but maybe I would be one of the lucky ones! But here’s the thing: how long do I have to wait? This argument worked when I was in high school, but it’s almost a decade later, now. I’m rotting. And if you gave me the choice between 40 more years of suffering in exchange for 20 years of happiness when I’m old and my body doesn’t work anymore and the people who I’m attracted to are even less interested in me than they used to be, I’m not so sure what I would pick. As of now, I’m thinking I would pick the cliff.

Here’s another way to look at it: would you tell a dying plant that they need to try harder or change their mindset? No! You’d give them some fucking water!

Thanks for reading. I want to love you. But I don't have it in me anymore. I'm a shell.