Ostracized by coworkers to the point of a breakdownHi. I'm 29 and currently work as a probation officer. I've worked there for over a year and a half now and still haven't made friends with my 15+ coworkers, all who are around my age. In my year and half I've moved from "basic" supervision to specialized positions such as child support enforcement. 

I had my first mental breakdown after a coworker's wedding. None of my coworkers talked to me or my wife that night. I tried to talk to them, but it was more of a "hey...bye" conversation. They got drunk and joked with each other. We left early. I kept wondering what I even did to make them not talk to me. 

A few weeks later, I broke down again at work and left early. I took FMLA time to see a therapist and walk away from work. I was put on Celexa and made a lot of improvements. 

I came back to work a little over a month later. I took a different position, which is lower on the totem pole of work. Around this same time, we had a new girl start. She's 22. 

The first few weeks were good. I showed her around and helped her out. She came to me and talked about her life problems and we joked around at times. It was so nice to actually have a friend at work.

Then another coworker had a wedding. 

Once again, no one really talked with us. They had assigned seating and I was the only one our age who was sat with our administrators who are in their 50's. The new girl suddenly became friends with everyone that night despite them not talking to her before. 

Now my coworkers will come up and talk with the new girl all day long. They'll laugh and flirt with her and then not even say hi to me. I get it-she's young and cute and newly single, but these guys are married and about to turn 30. The new girl is my partner so while they talk all day I'll end up having to do work for our unit. I've expressed my concerns to our supervisor but they went nowhere.

One Friday afternoon, every single coworker left for lunch together. They even went out of their way to find the new girl to ask her to go with them. Not a single one of them asked me to go. 

I've asked them why that happened and everyone says "sorry you feel like that" or "that wasn't my intentions to not include you." 

Thursday, I broke down again. The anniversary of my mom's death is this weekend so that didn't help my feelings. One coworker came in to ask how I was doing and I told him everything of how I feel. He said he wants to be my friend and he'll make more of an effort to talk to me, but I've heard that before.

I took Friday off work. Today the new girl posted one of those meme videos (Lad Bible) on Facebook and tagged everyone in it and wrote about something about when they recently hung out.

 I'm nervous of how things will go again next week. I don't want pity friends, just genuine friends to help get through an already stressful job. I do have positive things to live for, but this situation is overwhelming me. I just want to be accepted and never can. This struggle for acceptance is becoming too much for me. 
