I don’t know what to do anymore.I need someone, i want help, i want someone to tell me life is worth living again. I’m inpatient i feel like
my life is being thrown away by strict parents. 

I want to really damage my system. an organ, feel something. I can’t do anything.
my parents are strict, i’m just a latina girl who’s 18 , never went to prom never had a date without my parents on my ass, never had an independent experience that something I WANTED. the only
independent experience i got was going to florida on a school field trip that my mom wanted me to go, and i did. going to disney world but got emotionally abused and treated like a monster when i got anxious or wanted to sleep with my friends instead of
random classmates who don’t care about my well being. 
i want to experience a real date on valentines. i want to feel loved. i want to experience it and i’ve waited so long and it’s something i wanted. i’m not spoiled, but i’m treated like a child. It’s not the money, i want to go
to california, i’ll pay it with my own money i just want to see my boyfriend, and have a cute date. have a cute prom like thing. something i never experienced because guys are really disrespectful and think i’m weird because i always look down or talk anxiously or i’m nervous. 

I don’t know. i have anxiety take prozac and im mostly
stable/ but when things like this happens my world falls apart so easily. i don’t know why. i can’t toughen up, it’s really hard. over this simple
thing i just want to sleep forever . i know and i know damn well that anyone in my world would forget about me one day. i want to sleep. i don’t want to experience anything anymore. i hate being sad i’m scared to be sad again the only
person who makes me happy and makes me feel like a normal human being is my boyfriend. everyone treats me like i’m ill. and i am ill. i want to be seen as normal or beautiful. it’s so hard. i’m sorry if anyone is reading this. i know people have it hard in other places. and i pray to god your doing okay sweetie. I never wish this pain upon you. have a beautiful day everyone and thank you for hearing me out. i love
you guys forever i don’t care what you’ve done or what you did,  all i know is im irrelevant and i don’t want to experience life anymore just because. i’m depressed i’m sad. because i don’t want to feel
hopeless again. i hate that emotion. i’m going to nap i’ll see if i feel better i hope i do 

have good day i will be back