I don’t want to be usefulI’m not a useful person. I’m not trying to insult myself, and I don’t even think it’s wrong, it’s just not compatible with society. I don’t plan on becoming useful in the future and don’t do well with any responsibility(so highly doubt that I *could* become useful in the future). I have a personality disorder that there isn’t really effective treatment for because nobody cares about this one since we are not out there acting destructively towards others(for the most part). So I will likely have it always. 

Anyhow, useless people piss everyone off because others only like people who are useful to them. I’m not really able to make real connections with people, and I don’t wish to(nor do I think it’s a skill I can develop. There’s something missing about me). People keep trying to take care of me and then getting pissed when I’m not pitching in. Fair enough, don’t take care of me, but then I will just let myself die because I am not interested in taking on that work. I don’t want the responsibility of being a person but everyone keeps forcing it on me. I don’t just mean a job, but eating, cleaning, even moving sometimes. When I’m left alone I just listen to music and walk which are the only activities I enjoy. 

I know I’m not a good person but I don’t want to be better and I don’t feel a responsibility towards myself or towards others. To make it worse, I have two kids. I don’t like being a mom but I do take care of the basics(feeding, school stuff, bed, cleanliness). I am not great at any of it though and resent that there are people in my space. Terrible, I know.  I’ve thought a lot about maybe starving myself since I dislike eating anyhow. But it seems so slow and I’m 99% sure I’ll just end up being force-fed and that sounds horrid. And I have a ton of Zoloft and some other psych drug which I never took since I refuse to be medicated. I’m not sure if that’d work and don’t want to just end up making myself sick. I guess I’m not entirely sure how yet, but I do know it will happen eventually. 