I have decided to do it. I have a plan, and a backup plan, now I just have to put them into motion.I'm tired of this cycle, whenever I thought about killing myself before a few months ago I was too scared. I didn't know what method I was going to use, I didn't want to suffer, I thought all the websites about it would not be there for some reason. But there are tons of them! They all have great suggestions and cite from actual suicide research. I'm going to go with a pretty straightforward method, shotgun in my mouth. I honestly can't take this cycle of hating myself, being isolated, and not getting any sort of help except "You can handle this yourself" from my friends and family. 

Today I was 15 minutes late to my therapy appointment, I had been looking forward to seeing her again because I had a horrible week last week and I didn't see her as it was President's day. I got mixed up on the times. She called me 15 minutes after our appointment and mentioned it to me and I told her I would be right there, I was close by, but she told me it was their "policy to reschedule" because they can't take appointments 15 minutes after the time mine was supposed to be. Well, I can't make next week because of a class field trip, so I had to reschedule it for Friday in 2 weeks. That's the last fucking straw, I was only a bit late and I apologized, I can't just get a little bit of time even? Nobody gives a fuck, my therapist doesn't give a fuck, it's just her doing her job and I know she has to but it's very convenient she called me right when I wasn't supposed to be able to come in.

I should kill myself before I fuck up again or hurt someone else. I have started to think about killing my ex girlfriend and burning down her house with all her family and pets in it. I hate her so much. I know it's not true but sometimes I say to myself "Anything with a vagina doesn't have feelings." I should have requested a male therapist, I bet this shit wouldn't happen. Anyway, nobody has to worry because i'm killing myself for these reasons and because being alone with my thoughts is agonizing. I'm not going to hurt anybody except myself. If I am not able to get my hands on a shotgun, I will go take a class at a shooting range, while everyone is focused on their targets I will put the gun in my mouth and shoot myself. Only thing i'm worried about is some good samaritan trying to stop me if they notice this. I'm quite happy to end my life and stop being a burden to anyone else.

Peace and love to you all, I hope you can overcome what you are going through and make it to the finish line.