Help Me Care AgainThis is a throw away account. I have always just toughened up and dealt with things on my own. This is the first time I have ever reached out to anyone so please bear with me if I become incoherent or my train of thought strays. I meant to do this a while ago but have put it off out of self pride, self stubbornness or just the feelings of utter futility of any efforts I undertake to help better myself or improve my lot in life. 

Without even knowing it, you the Reddit community, have already helped me. I stumbled across your site earlier this summer. I had already decided to end my life and was pretty much trying to wrap up certain bucket list items. Watch TV shows that I always wanted to but denied myself for austerity reasons and always promised myself that one day I would splurge and get cable TV. Fast forward to this year things look like they are unsustainable. The effort to now live is now more than the desire to live it. So I came to a conclusion/realization/ that I am playing a no win game that has no point and I no longer have the wish or energy to play it any longer. I was always a fan of Mythbusters and The Daily Show and the Colbert Report so I hit the internet and I spent some time catching up on shows It was a link from the Steven Colbert that guided me to Reddit.
I have to say I love this site. I like the information, the debate, the diversity intelligence and opinions, the humor, the articles, the opinions even the trolls are sometimes funny and entertaining. You have made me laugh, you made me cry, you educated me, you challenged my formally held beliefs, you showed me things that infuriated me and you showed that in this hard and horrible cynical world that there are still people who care. "You'll laugh, you'll cry. It's better than Cats and I'm going to read it again and again" is how I see Reddit. Yeah, some of you can probably guess my age now. I tend to use humor a lot to block the pain. "If you are laughing you can't be afraid"- Stephen Colbert. I like to think most of my jokes are funny, I usually get a positive response even if its just a snicker. So here I am. If life went according to plans I would have already been dead and people would be picking through my stuff trying to figure out why I kept all this junk.

I am unemployed. On the window behind this one is my Resume which I have been working on for about a month or so. But as I look at the page and I think back to my work history it just sends me into a deep depression. Last night while working on it and tailoring it to a specific job that I saw advertised on a site I had all these feelings just overcome me. The same feelings I had when my Mom died. It made me sick and I had to go lie down and cry. If I am to be completely honest on my resume I would have to state "Yes you will hire me, you will find me to be a dedicated hard worker and deeply interested in your company improving it's flow and methods to serve it's clients faster and easier. You will soon find me the pivotal go to employee who you can rely on to get the job done no matter which department it is. You will be delighted with my lack of drama and my desire to accomplish things. You will delight in my ability to go around other employees to fix problems while everyone else forms a circular firing squad. You will then think of me as a tool or a machine you can manipulate to get that extra little bit of production out of  without having to add compensation. You carelessly will throw obstacles at me just to needlessly "challenge" me because obviously if I am doing my original job with out drama then I must not be fully utilized. You will disrespect me. You will denigrate me. You will devalue me. I will put up with it and tough it out because I can and I am stronger than you. And because I want the job or need the job, until I don't. Then I will quit. You will suddenly become nice and ask me to return. I will refuse."

If this happened a time or two it wouldn't be a big deal but this has happened over and over and over again. 

