I can't carry on like this any more. Sitting here with a bottle of pills about to end it. Once and for all.I lost the one person I loved most dearly to a hit-and-run, I had known her since we were 2 and the older we got, the stronger the bond became, we were supposed to spend our life together. But that didn't happen. We were making our way back from dinner one night and she got hit while crossing the road. The image of her being hurled through the air is burned into my memory. I lost her when I was 19 and it was difficult. I struggled to find the will to live, to get out of bed every morning. My dreams, aspirations, everything meant nothing. I was living life with a dead-pan look and an emptiness in my eyes, no one could fill. But I had to find a way. I wasn't about to end it because that is not what she would have wanted. I couldn't inflict that kind of pain on my family and friends and everyone else that loved me. I made progress, but I have regressed since. I  have not laughed or smiled in months and I just do not have the will to carry on any more. 

I have tried to move on, I have dated, I have had relationships since. Some lasted longer than others, but after all the failed relationships and rejections, I think I have finally got to accept that the one for me is no longer here. I couldn't save her. I had the chance to feel the kind of love people search for all their lives and I think it was enough to last me a life time.

I couldn't save the girl I loved so much and that haunts me every waking moment. The person who caused this grief now walks somewhere, free. Probably unaware that he destroyed more than one life that night. I feel trapped in my head. Claustrophobic. I can only see one escape for me. Death. Death will take me where I want to go. Death will take me to her. I miss her so god damn much and I can't live without her here any more. 

I am leaving this post as final evidence that I am making this decision of my own will and perhaps maybe someone can save me but I feel like I am beyond saving. If I no longer reply, it's over. 