Nothing specialI'm 19, about to start my 2nd year of college, and I've wanted to kill myself every day for at least the last 6 months. 

The college of my dreams that I narrowly avoided being accepted to in high school is never going to accept me. The first year of college for me went terribly. My GPA is too low to even be considered. I will never be accepted and part of me wants to kill myself solely because of that. I'm extremely embarrassed, and don't like to even face my friends and family, half of which got into this school and will always have that over me. My personal intelligence doesn't mean anything. It doesn't matter what people think about me, because on paper, I have nothing. I am a failure. 

I am also dirt poor, along with my family. If I live, I am going to have to work my ass off until I'm dead so I can take care of my family. But as it stands, I'm going to a shitty college and have no job prospects and nothing on my resume. I am extremely materialistic, so a part of me wants to believe that if I had at least money to afford nice things, I could afford nice things and wouldn't want to be dead. But sadly, I guess I'll never know.

I am also terribly ugly and extremely self conscious because of it. It has a serious toll on my relationships and the way people around conceive me. No one likes me. Girls are repelled by me. I hate myself so much for everything I took advantage of in high school, because now I have nothing. 

I want to take up cutting again. On days like this it's one of the only ways I can think of that would make me feel slightly better, other than getting too drunk to think about anything. I just don't want the scars. I'm already embarrassed enough about my body, I don't want to add more scars that I would have to hide from a girl for as long as possible. 

I am going to live my life this year, and if I don't get a 4.0 both semesters, I am going to kill myself. I am so scared of dying, but at the same time it can't be worse than the life I live right now. I just need something. 