ending it all in less than 2 monthssorry in advance for the long post and the giant block of text idk how to make it look pretty and easier to read, here's the story of my life and it's missing a lot of stuff but those are traumas I can't get myself to share.

basically ever since I was a kid i've always been really depressed and always isolated myself. I lost my dad when I was 3 and around the age of 7 I started thinking about suicide a lot. I would put myself at risk hoping that something would happen and I would die because I was always too much of a pussy to actually take things in my own hands, I would just be running in the middle of the road whenever I saw a car speeding and coming my way or a bus etc. I just wanted them to hit me and kill me but somehow they've always managed to avoid me, one time a guy even crashed while going over the speed limit because he tried to not run me over (no serious injury he was fine). after that i've always had a reckless behavior because I thought well maybe if i keep putting myself at risk like that surely something is gonna happen eventually and i'll finally be free ? so I kept doing that while growing up, I also kept isolating myself and eventually dropped out and was sent to a psych ward after a failed suicide attempt. I took random pills i found in my moms stash and hoped it would be enough but she caught me while I was almost done swallowing the last few pills. I spent a few months in the psych ward but it felt like an eternity and while I was in there they put me on a lot of different medications, one of them was xanax. after I managed to lie and convince the therapists that I was doing ok now they finally set me free and I was sent back home but by that time i had already dropped out of school and I was doing worse mentally than I was before the psych ward. so I started abusing the medications that were prescribed to me especially xanax, I would knock myself out and blackout for days and then go see my psychiatrist and tell him yeah I don't know I must have lost my meds somehow or I lost the prescription just so he would make me another one and I could go ahead and abuse them even more. I would take the amount I was prescribed for a month in maybe one to three days depending on how I felt, eventually he started getting suspicious and called my mom and she told him than I've been abusing my meds and not taking the ones that were supposed to be beneficial for me at all. so they sent me back to the psych ward once again, they didn't give me any xanax this time but just the meds that were supposed to turn me into a "normal" human being, none of them worked and if anything some of them gave me strength i never had to actually go thru with things and kill myself. so they cut out all those medications again and tried once again new pills, this time I figured if I wanted to get out of this place once again I would have to cheat and lie, so I did. I would not swallow my pills and throw them out and I would pretend they were working and I was feeling better, it worked and they let me out once again. I'll also mention while i'm at it that I spent new years eve and my birthday at the psych ward with no family that ever came to visit me. I was always allowed 1 hour of hanging out with my family if someone came to visit me but no one ever came. all those events happened from when I was 15 years old for the dropout of school and I just turned 20 when I got out of the psych ward the second time. I was home most of the time it was just a few months in those 5 years that I actually spent at the ward but when I wasn't there I was still suicidal and thinking about dying all the time. I never had many friends and I lost most of them, I'm not even sad about that but i'm actually more sad that the few friends that I have left that were there with me thru everything are still strangers to me and just people I can't relate to or be myself around. my "best friend" that i've known for 10 years actually never let me down and was always there for me no matter how down bad I was but despite everything I've never been able to truly open up to him or anyone about how I feel and who I really am. He think he knows me but in reality he has no idea of the person I am and how I feel, sometimes he tries to take me out so we can hang out with some people and I actually force myself to go but every time I just sit here surrounded by "friends" and despite that I still feel alone? I've always felt alone no matter who i've talked to or "bonded" with. around this time last year I met someone and for whatever reason I instantly actually enjoyed talking to that person it was the first time ever I actually felt not alone, and when I was talking to her it felt like everything was going to be fine and all my problems were suddenly something that didn't bother me or overwhelm me as much as it always does. we bonded really fast with each other and we were so alike it felt like all the stuff I went thru was some kind of challenge I had to endure just to have the chance to meet that person as some kind of reward for those 23 years of pain. she's the only person I was ever able to truly open up to and it was the first time I actually opened up to someone, she liked me for me and she's the only person I was ever able to be my real self around.we ended up falling in love and dating and I remember at first I thought this is too good to be true, it's a rollercoaster at one point it's gonna crash and it will be the death of me, I even told a "friend" that cares about me a lot(despite me not being able to care about that person or anyone else either) about it and she could see it herself that this was something really unique and some kind of bonding that didn't even seem real because of how unique it was and she told me "if she leaves you, you'll be dead" because my "friend" really understood how unique this was. but that thought went away really early on in our relationship when she also opened up to me and cried to me while saying how she genuinely felt about me and out of respect I won't say the stuff she told me but it wasn't just words that you tell someone when u get into a relationship it was deep and truly something that came from the bottom of her heart and i'm sure that she has never felt this way or said anything like that to anyone she has ever dated before me. after everything that was said I started trying my best to become someone better because for the first time in my life I actually wanted to grow old with that person and having a shitty boring life didn't mean much to me as long as I had her with me. we both felt the same way about everything it was really genuine but eventually she had a phase where she was stressed and wanted to be left alone, she didn't want to talk to me and for 2 weeks she would barely reply to me saying she just wanted to be alone for now because she felt down and stressed. I remember getting mad at her because she would ignore me and not want to talk to me but at the same time she would go out and hang out with her friends and talk to them all the time while not giving me any attention at all, she told me that she just felt empty and going out was just a way to change her mind and keep herself occupied so she wouldn't be stuck with her thoughts and that she was not talking to me and prefered hanging out with them because she felt empty and being with them was different since she doesn't have feelings for them. after those 2 weeks she broke up with me because she said in those 2 weeks where she wanted to be alone she lost all her feelings for me and everyone else, but considering the people she used to hang out with all day during that time are now really close to her it's easy to figure out it's just me she lost feelings for. after that she tried to reach up to me and tried to make us stay friends but most of the time it would end up in us arguing because I had too many questions about everything and she either gave answers that made no sense to me or said "not everything in life makes sense". I told her I hoped one day her feelings would come back and everything would be fine again but I doubt it, to which she replied something like "I don't know that and neither do you" or "you can't predict the future". and every time I mentioned I would wait for her forever because she was and she still is the only person that could ever make me feel whole, things got worse and all of a sudden things went from maybe my feelings will come back maybe they wont to "I don't think they ever will" "move on because I will" "don't wait for me you'll be disappointed and it stresses me out even more". but what hurts the most out of all the stuff that was said is that she said multiple times that i'm the right person for her it was just and still is the wrong time, and that's when I started getting really mean to her and everytime she would try to text me to be friends I would just get really angry and I would be mean to her. I even told her multiple times how can you say i'm the right person for you and then tell me literally in the next sentence "but you should move on because i will" you don't believe i'm the right person if that's how you see things, but no she kept telling me that i'm the right person again and again, it didn't matter how many times I screamed at her or flamed her for it she kept insisting. she also said I was the best person she ever met even after the breakup she kept saying that, one night after she tried once again to reach out to me to be friends and on good terms despite me screaming at her and being really mean as always she said those exact words "you're the best person I know and i'll always care about you". when we were together she used to say it all the time as well and even before we caught feelings for each other, she always told me I was the best person she had ever met, eventually after weeks or months of her trying to be my friend and me pushing her away each time she said "will things always be like this between us" and said it made her feel sad and angry so i eventually gave in and said sure let's try to be friends I guess I don't really have the will power or energy left to scream at you if that makes you feel any better. ever since then it's been terrible because we don't talk much even tho she says she wants us to be really close friends like we were at first before any feelings were involved, she doesn't open up, if i try to make a convo and ask what she's doing today she refuses to tell me, she pretty much just refuses to tell me anything about her life because that's none of my business anymore. a lot of the stuff she says and she promise me she means it just sounds so fake because her actions are literally the opposite. not too long ago when I was pushing her away she kept saying I was the best person she knows but after having a talk about her so i could maybe get some insight on how she feels because like I said most of the stuff she says doesn't align with her actions she now said "you're one of the best, but not the best person i know". it's funny how things change so fast and how as soon as I gave in and literally tried my best to hurt in silence and not show her how i felt inside so i wouldn't make her feel sad or bad i now mean less than I did when I was just pushing her away and screaming at her. when she broke up with me she also mentioned she doesn't like being in a relationship because of those phases where she feels empty and just wants to be alone and she said she doesn't want a relationship or anything in her life for now, but after getting mad at her she eventually told me she's been talking to someone lately and she's right it's none of my business but it sounds really wrong and fucked up when she said she didn't want any relationship in her life for now when breaking up with me and considering every promises she has ever made me and everything she has ever told me in the past. I remember being really insecure about someone in her life, just a coworker that she met one day while we were still dating and they became somewhat friends just at work but one night a few weeks after that maybe she told me he tried to flirt with her and that she thinks he likes her and she said "doesn't know I have a bf i guess i'll let him know", i got mad about that guy and she said "chill i didn't go along with it", and I know she would have never cheated on me but I couldn't help being jealous. eventually they started hanging out together as friends more and more and I would get insecure about it and I would tell her and also remind her of that one time he tried to flirt, and now she kept telling me he wasn't trying to flirt it's not like that it was just a misunderstanding he's not interested in me and neither am I, but to me what that guy told her literally was flirting and i'm not sure how she convinced herself it wasn't when she's the one that told me about it and called it flirting in the first place. they kept getting closer to the point where nowadays he's her best friend and they're really close, that's something I got mad at her for and screamed at her for one night because I told myself yeah she dumped me and now she's going out with the one guy I was literally insecure about. but no she told me they're really close friends but it's not like that and that's how she told me she's been talking to someone she said i've been talking to someone but no him so stop assuming things. but does it even matter, I used to be her best friend before we caught feelings for each other and then I was also her boyfriend, those 2 spots were mine and now none of them is. I got replaced, and i'll slowly become a memory that she will eventually erase from her brain. I've always hated myself so how can I blame her for wanting to be with someone else? I never understood why she loved me, especially with everything she said it wasn't just the type of love from some random relationship, it was love in it's purest form. it's hard to explain without context on everything she promised and used to say back then and I know it sounds like just any breakup but it's really not and I know saying this also sounds like what every person would say as soon as they get out of a relationship but once again trust me it's really not. she's the only person I've ever cared about and I still care about her to this day more than anything, that's something that will never change. It was her or nobody until the end and i'll stand by that no matter what. I wasn't abusing drugs when I met her I would sometimes take something just to have fun but rarely and that's how she used drugs as well, and when we were together we would sometimes take something together but in a responsible way and not often. after the breakup and everything tho I started abusing drugs daily and in stupid dosages, I wanted to be numb and not feel anything because when I was sober the pain I was feeling was so much worse than I thought it could ever be. I can't describe how much it hurts and even tho I was depressed and suicidal my whole life and had a really low point where I lost a family member and was in the worst pain i could have ever imagined, I never thought it could get worse and when I look at myself today and how I hurt daily and what my thoughts are constantly during the day i'm genuinely amazed at how bad everything is. but yeah I abused drugs a lot, ended up in the hospital around 3 times in a month because I was od'ing, my heart from a medical point of view is in a really shitty condition due to the drug abuse and apparently it will take a really long time to heal from what i've been told, but even if it does heal that won't heal my sorrows and everything else so I couldn't care less. when she heard about it tho she asked me to stop taking drugs and even tho my life is literally hell right now because I lost her I still promised her I would stop taking drugs because at the end of the day she's the only person I care about and I can't get myself to say no to her, so I did and i've been sober for around 2 weeks now. without the drugs tho, things are worse because I have to actually face everything daily without any interruption. i've never wanted to kill myself more than I do nowadays and there's not a single day that goes by where I don't prepare everything and get ready to do it and then I just sit here looking at all the pills from my drug stash with all the deadly combinations and insane dosages i could take and mix to make sure I die for good this time and it takes all the strength I have in me to not go for it. I sit for hours watching all the pills, counting the dosages, making sure mixing those and those are lethal and even if some of those don't interact with each other I know that a mix of so many drugs and in such a retarded dosage is for sure going to kill me. and I want to do it, more than ever and I'm always so close to doing it but then I tell myself if I die would she even care? would she even notice? and the thing that has been stopping me so far is the fact that if I do go thru with it and she somehow finds out about it, there's a possibility she'll be sad and there's a possibility she'll blame herself and I don't want to hurt her despite the fact that she hurt me more than anyone or anything has ever did. I don't want her to live her life thinking this was her fault but then again maybe it wouldn't phase her at all and if it did maybe she would get over it really fast just like she did with me. but I can't anymore, it just gets worse and worse every day and it's getting harder and harder to stop myself from doing it, so i'll finally go thru with but I'll do my best to try and survive for the next 2 months. I want to do it at a special date and in 2 months there's 2 events in particular that sound to me like it will be the right time to do it, there's my birthday and a few days after that there's the date where she first admitted to me she loved me, so i'll pick one of these two to end it all if I can even manage to hold on for that long. don't get me wrong i've always been suicidal and i've attempted suicide a few times before I even met her, this isn't her fault, it's just a mix of everything that has ever happened, I was abused as a kid, I've seen 2 out of the 3 people that ever mattered to me die and the third one just made empty promises and hurt me more than anything ever did and now that she's gone it's time to put an end to everything. I managed to survive for 23 almost 24 years somehow but now I just can't keep going anymore. I'm not sure why I wrote all of this I didn't even want this to be a long essay at first but I needed to get this off my chest. it doesn't really matter if anyone takes the time to read this or not and if someone does, please don't come at me with stuff like "hang in there" "it gets better" "you'll find someone else" "you can focus on making ur future better" "you're just heartbroken it will go away eventually" "time heals wounds" blablabla I really don't care and like I said i know this looks and sounds like just another heartbreak and eventually i'll move on but I can assure you that everything before her already made me want to end my life and that now it's a billion times worse than it has ever been because she was truly the one and only and the bond we had was something I had never seen anyone else experience before and it would be impossible to properly describe it. I've tried to kill myself multiple times when I was happier than this, nowadays everything is much worse than I could have ever imagined. so yeah that's it I guess, I hope no one ever has to experience the way I feel and if you made it to the end thank you for taking the time out of your life to read the tragedy that is my life, there's a lot of stuff that wasn't said and traumas that I don't want to get into but I can't be bothered anymore.