My “friends” betrayed me
this happened 5 years ago when I was 18. One of my best friends threw a kickback at his pad. It was his birthday. Me and my three other close friends meet up about an hour before the party starts to help my friend setup. We have beer, liquor and we are all set. A few people show up and we're just chillin having a few beers. A couple shots of jack and time starts to fly. Its now close to midnight and 20 or so more people show up. This is where it kicks off. I can see some people are completely hammered and everyone serving up shots. More people start to show up that we don't know and at this point im about 7 beers and 6 shots in. My friend goes to the liquor store and come back with a few bottles of jameson. This is where I blackout soon. I keep pounding back more shots and I've lost count. Next thing you know it's 3 am and everyones left except for our group of friends. I'm not feeling too good and go to sit down on the couch to try and rest. As soon as i sit down i start to puke. Luckily Someone next to me was puking earlier and they had a bucket and handed it to me. The host gets upset and doesnt want anyone puking inside his house. So im blacked out and I cant move so they try to carry me outside to the backyard. I was "too" heavy so they drag my body on the floor and try to get me outside.

 Now im faced down in the grass unable to move but still conscious. One of my "friends" lifts my shirt up takes his belt off and starts to whip my back. He's drunk and starts lashing at me nonstop for awhile. The other guys then come outside to see what's going on. They just stand around me laughing with him and don't stop him or say anything. This went on for about an hour or so, I am in so much pain. I cant move my body or defend myself. All I could do was yell and scream. After awhile they see im not moving or saying anything and they think im dead. So all four of them carry me into a car and throw me in a dumpster. I remember being carried into a car and then waking up in a dumpster all bruised,  scarred, and feeling like shit. I can't believe my friends have done this to me. These are people I loved, stood up for, and trusted. I cut them off after that day and never spoke to them again. I have never told anyone this. I've been keeping this inside and I occasionally get nightmares and flashbacks of that night. I have developed trust issues with everyone after this and its really hard for me to make new friends. I guess i've been traumatized?