Im in the woods right now ready to kill myself after this postHey there, im deep into the swedish forest right now, my spotify playlist have been playing Either Hated or Ignored, SAD!, Kill Yourself Part 3 and u for the last 2 hours out here. 

I turned 18 recently and im now an adult, an adult who loses every fucking job i get because im a tired fuck whos a failure that relies on my mom to buy me shit.

Those jobs are fucking ass aswell, my dumbass couldnt take 3 years of school which is what you need in sweden to complete your education.

I got social anxiety like crazy because im a fucking idiot who cant have a conversation without freaking out.

When i do get a job that i kinda like one of my coworkers or boss end up yelling at me because i did something wrong because im so fucking stupid idiot that cant do simple things that everyone else can.

My soundcloud page was going good when i was 16, i got 5000 views/listens to one of my tracks and then the people at my school started playing them out loud for everyone telling me that my voice sounds like shit and i cant rap because im a swedish whiteboy.

I liked politics and i liked disscussion with people but then everyone told me that im a straight white man and thats bad now so i guess that im not allowed to talk there anymore.

Only thing i really enjoy anymore is Real Madrid, i will fucking die for this club and fuck anyone who says i cant be a fan because im not from Madrid.

Last time i got a girl to actually say yes to a date when i met her she was there with another girl and a guy and they ended up throwing rocks and dirt at me, so girls fucking hate me.

My plan was to wait to die until after Infinity War and Game of Thrones was over but i cant handle waiting on them anymore while i feel like im a burden to everyone around me.

Im a masculine guy and nowadays everyone tells me that masculinity is bad aswell and male fantasies are bad so i guess i cant have those either. 

I got robbed 6 weeks ago because of the political parti i planned on voting on leaving me with a scar above my eyebrow.

Probably sound like some incel neckbeard, atleast that was what i was told last time i posted here by 5 different people. 

My brother overdosed in front of me  1 year ago. Hes alive but i cant talk with him normally about games and stuff anymore, were so awkward now.

I look like a fucking idiot, acne which is actually going away but still some there, bags under the eyes because i sleep 4 hours everyday. Weird ass joker smile aswell, havent smiled infront of anyone since i was like 13.

My sister tells me to go to a school, but none of the educations interest me, plus i dont wanna be the one idiot who starts gymnasium 2 years after anyone else.

My best friend dropped out aswell, but actually has his life put together, drivers license and a job.

Im such a fucking idiot. When i was 15 i wishee that id die when i was 18, its gonna happen now. The world loses a person whos a curse to society. I belonged with the Vikings a thousand years ago.  Hope all of you fucking laugh at me because i still believe in Valhalla. 18 year old "man" dies and its gonna be fucking wonderful for everyone, mom doesnt have to buy me dumbass shit and my friends dont have to put up with me being an idiot who begs them to play League with me. Sorry to anyone reading, i probably wasted your time.



