Done...just done[caption](http://imgur.com/aZMApzz.jpg)I snore. Not uncommon, but also, not pleasant to those around me. My kids and my wife harrass me constantly about it. I have spoken with doctors about it. Nothing is really wrong. I don't have apnea, I have allergies and meds don't work.

So, where I am today is a resentful wife, who hates sleeping with me (which we sleep in separate rooms), my kids harrass me about it every day because Mom taught them that it is funny to tease Dad about it and when we go on trips, I either get a separate room at the hotel or sleep in the car. 

This life is embarrassing. My family treats me like a pariah, my therapist tells me to try different things to cope with my depression that is triggered by this (as well as some really fucked up childhood trauma), my physician tells me drugs will work and they don't.

I am to the point where I am done. I either need to bow out of their life or mine. My depression says, mine. After 46 years, if I don't have it together by now for my family, it isn't going to happen

Every motherfucking day I hate waking up. I hate waking up. I wish I didn't when I do. 

I am reminded every morning that my wife didn't want to sleep in the same bed as me because I snore, that my kids think I am bad for snoring 
(as mom has taught them that it's funny to harrass me about it), I am reminded that I have been no contact with my parents for 3 years because of my childhood trauma of sexual abuse and their narcissistic behaviors and their dog attacking my kids, then on top of that, I have been contemplating death all night.

I hate me, I hate my life, I hate what I am to others, I hate what I have become, I hate that I didn't fix me years ago, I hate that I am not more for my family, i hate that I am not a better husband. I hate that I am not a  a better father. I hate that I let everyone around me down because I feel this way. I hope I finally sleep and never wake up

I hate that I am too chicken shit to do that job and end it.