NSFW - Intense flashbacks leading to suicidal behavior(I've never posted here, or read much either. Please let me know what to edit.)

(Backstory)
I was in an abusive relationship for 3 years, I left 9 months ago. I haven't talked to anybody about it, not even friends, especially not a therapist. I've been generally pretty accepting of my situation, and have been very careful to understand my trauma. I don't want this to ruin my life, I don't want to forever be known as the domestic violence survivor. I've worked hard to fight against the eating disorder, depression and anxiety that have come from the isolation and abuse. 

So I used to get beat for hours, by a 250 pound man sitting on my chest, getting hit repeatedly, spit on, gagged, choked to the point of passing out, you name it. I'd go to take a shower once things chilled out, and would end up getting beat on my way in, or in the shower. He'd grab my hair tight, bang my head into the shower, bang his fist into my head, push me into the tub and tell me he wish I'd just die. That it was so hard to kill an idiotic whore. There was very, very extreme verbal abuse during all of it. 

(Moving onto last night's incident)
My roommates are out of town so I'm home alone.
I work 6 days a week and am exhausted, I almost felt drunk because I was so tired. I messed up my back a couple days ago, and went to take a bath. As I got ready for my bath I started having very intense flashbacks. I felt like I was about to get pushed to the floor and sat on and degraded for hours. I reminded myself that I'm safe and okay, that I don't have to worry about that shit anymore. I started thinking he was right though, that I am a stupid, attention whore, just like every other bimbo. I wanted to smash my head into anything around me, just like he would, and fucking end everything, my family doesn't love me, I don't have anybody. I already knew all of that and he just reassured it. I was in complete shock, I had a massive headache and wanted to smash my head until it went away and hopefully leave me dead in my bathtub, where I wouldn't even be found for days because I have nobody. It was the first time I've actually scared myself that bad, I couldn't see straight and it felt like my body was floating and like I didn't have any control over my limbs. I got out of the tub, got dressed and laid on my bed where there was nothing nearby. I had awful thoughts of finding any blunt object and hitting my head on it until my brains spill out. It was the only time I haven't trusted myself to stay safe.

This morning I missed work, I wasn't trying to suppress that suicidal episode with my god awful customer service job. But I'm doing okay. Learning that I actually do need therapy. I didn't know the trauma was that bad until now. I called a suicide hotline when I woke up, just to feel a little better.

I've never had a flashback/suicidal episode like that. I cannot imagine those of you who deal with that constantly. My heart goes out to you guys.

(Sorry if I was a bit too descriptive or 'dramatic', this is currently my only place to vent)