My story (incomplete)Similar story here, OP. In my case my dad spent my childhood promising to *help* me pursue a science career if I moved in with him, along with many other exorbitant promises. He then coaxed me into signing my life savings over to him under the guise of him teaching me money management skills. Afterwards his personality instantly changed like he had been replaced with a body snatcher:

He started holding my money hostage to control me. He forced me into a flat earth fundamentalist church. He started incessantly discouraging my scientific interests. I was forbidden from me from even being seen with a girl since it might lead others to think we were sexually active. He threatened to cut me off if I ever associated with members of so many demographics that I was functionally unable to have friends. He would scream at me and belittle and humiliate me for hours every day. His church was so strict that I had to give up most of my hobbies for being "sinful". He tried to damage my relationships with all of my other family members. He would constantly follow me around and would incessantly act out for attention so much that I struggled to even attempt my schoolwork or even my remaining hobbies. I was quickly so psychologically broken that I started failing my classes despite growing up an honors student. 

A few years later, I took on a second major hoping to raise my GPA and just barely squeak into grad school. Dad took this to somehow mean that I was "on the verge of graduating with two PhDs". He completely flipped from incessantly discouraging me to exerting 24/7 pressure to graduate with those two PhDs *immediately*. I explained over and over that I wasn't getting two PhDs, but he wouldn't accept it. Despite my protests he spread word far and wide about my "two PhDs" and I gained a reputation as some kind of miracle prodigy that I could never actually live up to. By this point Dad was in the final stages of terminal heart problems and was so relentless in his pressure that I started going along with it because even after all his years of lies and abuse I didn't want to disappoint him on his death bed.

Years went by and things continued to get worse for me. I was overwhelmed with preemptive grief over dad's impending death every day. I went through a traumatic religious deconversion and lost my soul-sustaining (nonfundamentalist) faith in God. I started experiencing severe diabetes symptoms. I was struggling with the increased course load and failing to recover my grades as Dad continued to sink deeper and deeper into an obsession with those completely imaginary PhDs. One day dad started taking me to visit some old man from his crazy cult who was bedridden from his own terminal heart problems. 

More years went by and both dad and the old guy were both alive. That meant that Dad had been in the final stages of terminal illness for something like 6 years. I realized that he had been outrageously exaggerating his health problems and that I had spent the last several of them going along with his delusional nonsense


Fuck it, I'm tired. It hurts so much. It hurts so much.