Looking for some adviceEugh so not sure if this really belongs here but to be honest I dont really care that much, I just need to ask somebody (even if it is some random strangers on the internet :P ). So basically alot of my friends want to die. Some have tried, some just want to, and well some just cut (although its not a just but its got so bad that cutting is a lesser of the evils?( oh god....( I like brackets :P ) ) ) 3 of my friends have tried to kill themselves multiple times, one 3 times, one 7 times, and the other well I dont think even she knows how many times she has tried. And its getting really fucking tiring. I myself feel shit alot but if you have heard of the stages of change I am at pre contemplation at the moment (even if I do infact see a psychologist) and I am just shit at letting people know I feel like crap, so I try to be cheery and such and smile and I like to think I am good at it :) anyway I am getting side tracked, a few of my other friends help out with the people who feel bad but its simply too much to manage and cope with school life and all that (my grades dropping and such). Basically everyone we have turned to for help has provided fuck all. We managed to convince pretty much everyone to see the school psychologist at some point or other and all the school did was tell them it was a phase or inform the parents who were more often than not part of the problem (sure it could be a stage just convinently these people had been diagnosed with depression and had cut for a year so I am pretty certain its a bit more serious than that). I am convinced that most parents dont give a fuck about their kids, or just does no one actually care? What do I do? I cant cope with the fear that someone will try again and this time be successful. Even worse I worry if one person goes it will all collapse and I will just see all of my friends die around me. Haha I just cant cope with it, I am 15 for fucks sake and I thought the adults were supposed to help with this? But we are on our own, and its so hard to balance it all and not die myself. Where can I find help? What do I do?