Can't go onI don’t know what to do. I can’t talk to anyone, so I guess I’ll talk to you reddit. 

3 weeks ago the love of my life left me. It was a sudden thing, one day she was head over heels with me and the next she was head over heels with one of my best friends. To this day I don’t understand how it happened and I guess I never will. We tried again a few times, but she always went back to him. 

The first week was the best. I literally only left my bed to take my finals, all of which I failed. The rest of it was spent eating, contemplating suicide and jacking up my parents on demand bill. 

Week 2: Break. Yay, I don’t have to see her at school anymore. Oh hey Ryan, want to hang out? Nah, busy dude. Oh, ok. What about you Jake? Can’t, have work. Ok. Some of my other friends would come over occasionally, have awkward conversation and leave. Thats nice. Somewhere in here I get into a fight with my brother and he punches me in the nose. It bleeds alot, 

Christmas Eve: I get a text from Jake that he met Tyrion Lannister from Game of Thrones. She likes that show, I should let her know. “Please don’t text me again”. Nice. We go to Capital Grille for Christmas dinner. Good shit, I have a steak with truffle butter and a full lobster. Pretty good last meal I suppose. After I’m done, I “go to the bathroom”. I really go outside, look for a driver drunk enough to hit me. Decide against it, after all tomorrow is Christmas.

Christmas: Wake up and literally only get sweaters and 2 books. All my retard cousins come over, make my life even more miserable. Jes and Mia come over and make me feel a little better, which is good. 

Thursday: I find a letter she wrote me on our one year anniversary. Have another breakdown. Get pretty close to cashing in again, but decide against it. After all I’m going to Istanbul on Monday.

And that brings us up to the present. I haven’t really left the house except for little errands since the breakup, really can’t bring myself to it. No one really wants to hang out with me either, I guess I’m not that important. My life was like a big Jenga game, she was at the bottom and when someone pulled her out it all came down.

You know whats the best part? No one fucking gives a shit. I get sad and people ask whats wrong, I tell them and they tell me to get over it. Like its that easy. My mom actually gets angry with me because I’m sad, she expects me to snap my fingers and everything will be fine. 

They think its like their relationships, easy fucking nonsense to get over because hey, theres other fish in the sea. But its not like other relationships, not for me at least. I’m not an agreeable person, women don’t get along with me because I either freak them out or there just never interested to begin with. She actually paid attention to me and I fucking loved her from the minute I laid eyes on her because of it.

I mean I do have alot going for me. I got another article approved, but I have a day to finish it no pressure right. And I am going to Istanbul on Monday. But then again my job opportunities aren’t looking too hot after college, I mean I did leave the Citadel for her and now that decision came back and bit me in the ass. I would have had a nice Army job with them, lots of friends, muscles and maybe a hot Southern girl but now I’m just going to be one of the hordes of college kids looking for work and living their 20’s in their parents house. Bright future right?

I guess I should put it off until I get back from Istanbul, but why? So I can sit alone in my house all day, so no one can even take two seconds to say “hi” to me? I do feel completely and totally alone. And thats the worst part. All my friends are actually my brothers who just take me with the package. Maybe I should just do it in Istanbul, climb on top of a minaret and jump off. But then again it might be hard for my parents to get the body back.

For the first time in 6 years I don’t have a plan for the future, and that scares me. I might put it off, I might not. Who knows. I just wish I could talk to someone about it. Anyone. 

Even if that one person is you reddit