Peace Is All I NeedI’m a 21 year old male who is going through a divorce. After spending the last 4 years of my life with the woman I love, and making a beautiful child with her too, she has fallen out of love with me and in love with someone else. The situation started about a month ago, when she suddenly sprung on me the news that she wanted a divorce while I was at work. I mean... I lost it. I was sent home from work immediately. I went to my mother’s house and was allowed the next two days leave from work. I don’t know how else to describe those two days, other than numb. I made a trip to our house to collect some of my things, and that’s when she told me she loved someone else and that she would be filing for full custody of our son. I left quickly after that trying to hold back an out lash of rage. The following day, I managed to speak with a lawyer, whose services would range from 10k-15k USD, which is just out of the question for me. I could never afford that. The same day, her father gave me a call to let me know that I shouldn’t try to fight anything, because they have the means for a lengthly legal battle. 3 weeks ago I signed the papers giving her full custody and agreeing to pay an undetermined amount of child support for the next 16 years with nothing more than a verbal agreement that I can see our son when possible. Watching her walk out of the court house after that shattered any feeling of love I had left for her.

So, now I feel void. I made a Tinder profile in hopes of finding any form of human connection to help ease the painful loneliness. But, no one is interested in a divorced 21 year old with a kid. I can’t help but feel like I fucked up my whole life. I actually thought that the rest of my life was secure with our new family. I could not have been more wrong. 2 weeks ago, I found out through a mutual friend we had who had been working out with her at our gym that she had been cheating on me for an entire month prior with her new lover. It breaks me. I was so blind to it all. I don’t know what can help.

I want to put myself back out there so badly, but no one deserves someone like me to burden them. My sadness is immense. I zombie walk through work everyday, come back to my mother’s, and lay in my bed until 4am, or until my eyes can’t stay open any longer. I distanced myself from all my old friends over the last year, because any time i wasn’t working I was spending it with my wife and baby, so I don’t feel close enough to reach out to any of them anymore.

I guess... I just need peace right now. I can’t help but think that putting a bullet through my skull would give me that immediately. Actually shut up the thoughts of loss and of failing and of betrayal for good. I’ve drank every day for the last week. I can’t feel any emotion other than sadness. I can’t go anywhere during the covid quarantine other than work and home. I feel trapped. I feel like I can’t breath unless i’m smoking a cigarette. The only thing stopping me is that I want a haircut before I go. 

And that’s that. I don’t know if this will be removed from the sub or not, but for anyone that took the time to read what I felt like I could get out, thank you. I hope you have a nice day.