I’m really suicidal right now, could you help?I’ve had depression long term, roughly since 14 or 15. 

It started with bullying and getting attacked consistently at school for my appearance (I wasn’t good looking, somewhat chubby, riddled with acne and my hair was basically skinhead.)

I had a bully called Levi who, on my first week, started a fight with me. This was warped by my school and they called my mum and told her that I was the instigator and I was the bully and I kept antagonising him. 

My mum waited for me to come home and when I walked through the door she beat the living crap out of me, until I was a fat sobbing wreck on the living room floor. 

When my birthday came a month later she forced me to buy him apology gifts with my birthday money that my grandad sent, since she refused to get me anything this year for being a supposed bully. 

I was forced to give someone who was still making my school life misery an apology card and chocolate as well as ask for forgiveness. 

This made the situation worse and he kept beating me up, until he was expelled. 

Then his friends blamed it all on me, and started to bully me as a group. 

At one point my arm was dislocated by one and I had to pretend I fell off my bike because they knew where I lived. 

A year passes and my mum decides to divorce my step dad. 

He tells me he’ll still be my dad, but a month later says I’m not his kid and refuses to speak to me. 

My mum gets into a relationship with a drug addicted, alcoholic and she partakes in his vices. This is where she picks up her heavy alcoholism. 

Almost daily they fight, and if I tried to stop them then she’d attack me and call me names and such. 

My step dad comes pick up my half brother and sister one day and gives me my old desk, as I sit on the stairs before taking it up to my room she asks if I said anything to him. I didn’t. She then accuses me of being loyal to him and calls me two faced and a backstabber and says I’m scum. I cry and take the desk upstairs, and as I’m up there I get an idea “If I die, I don’t need to keep to keep dealing with this.”

15 year old me goes to the bathroom and slits his wrists but doesn’t cut deep enough to exsanguinate himself. He then goes downstairs to ask his mum for help and shows her the bloody wrists and she beats him up for trying to “manipulate her”.

Forward another few months, I turn 16. On my 16th I really feel no point in celebrating my birthday because of how depressed I am. I ask to be alone and say “I just don’t care about it.” She accuses me of fishing for attention and starts to hit me and then her boyfriend just says to me to make a list. 

I write a small list. She forces me to write a bigger list. 

When she gets all of it I’m forced to put it all into social media for others to see so they can see how great of a Mum she is. 

Through more months of abuse between her and her boyfriend she makes everyone move house so her and her boyfriend can move to his home city, because it’ll make everyone happier. 

We move there and they still abuse each other, but this time the government has lost all of my School coursework and I get put onto a maths band where my level is capped at a C grade. 

I eventually get a girlfriend and a big group of friends who make me feel somewhat human. 

The local college is informed that I’m good at computer science and building PCs and they offer me an unconditional spot on the Level 3 Networking course. 

Enrolment day for college. 
“Kyan, were moving back.”

I’d failed all of my subjects at school bar English and maths, my girlfriend still lived here, all of my friends still lived here, I hadn’t experienced any issues here. 

She broke up with her boyfriend again and we had to leave. 

I get back to where we used to live. I get put on a resit course at college, because they won’t accept me without 5 GCSEs that are 6 or higher. 

My girlfriend now lives 50 miles away and we can’t see each other very often. 

My little brother and sister are only allowed to come see us once every 2 weeks because of my mum irrationally moving so much. 

I can’t take computer science again at college because they don’t do it as a course. 

My mum now threatens to kick me out and leave me homeless if I cannot find a job and says “she doesn’t care if it’s too stressful on top of college”. 

I’ve tried to get her to take me to a doctor and she refuses, she thinks depression is a myth and that the only way to fix being sad is going out and working. 

She’s just told me that the rest of my family fear me and that I’m abusive and manipulative and I couldn’t argue back or ask why because she then threatened to kick me out. 

Life feels so meaningless right now. 

It feels like I’m a tragedy script and that I was authored to feel awful at all times.

Please help.  