My wife cheated on me, little brother died, Mother disowned me, lost my Vehicle/possessions to gambling, and I felt like all was lost in this worldAll of this happened to me while I was in the military.  It all seemed like it happened at the same time.  All of it just hit me at once.  To be perfectly honest, when all these situations came to me, I felt depressed, I felt like I didn't want to be on this Earth anymore.  I had to put on a stern face when going to work because I had Marines under me that looked up to me for the leadership that I portrayed.  It seemed though that none of this could even compare to the feeling when my little brother passed away.  It might be weird to some that the others didn't hit me harder but my little bro was my life.  He was only 7 years old when his asthma took him from us.  When he passed, I fell into a very dark place.  I felt almost emotionless.  I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, and every bottle of pills I had looked delicious.  I wanted to die.  I started towards my cabinet and pulled out a full bottle of percs that I received when I received shoulder surgery the past month.  I had a good 60 or so.  Plenty enough to do the job.  As I opened the bottle I had the most surreal experience. 

I was never really the religious type, but at this moment it was almost like a voice spoke to me and I felt a loving presence of someone that was hugging me.  It was the craziest experience.  All I remember was I started crying and laughing at the same time but I felt like everything was going to be alright.  This sudden realization made me understand that killing myself isnt' going to fill that void inside of me, instead it's just going to open an even bigger one inside all my friends and Family.  I put the bottle away and just stared at the ceiling for a good while until I fell asleep.

After my experience I decided to give religion a go, I found a church that I liked, people that I enjoyed being around that uplifted me and helped me become the man that I used to be.  Now I'm not saying that religion is for everyone, and I know that a majority of the Reddit community is Atheist, I was too, but I found happiness in my religion, and it put me at peace.  

Today I have 2 more little twin brothers that I play with whenever I can, I am in a close relationship with my Mother again, all of my bills are now paid off, I found a career that I absolutely love and make a good salary off of it, and I am now in a relationship in which I am very close to proposing to her!  Everything that was taken away from me was brought back 10 fold :)  

Now if there is anything to take from this story, it's that if you are having thoughts of suicide, hurting yourself, hurting others, etc.  Know that there are many others like you with those thoughts as well.  I'm not going to tell you that Religion is the medicine to relieve your pains..it isn't, (though it doesn't hurt)  The real cure is patience.  When you feel as if nothing could possibly turn in your favor just know that someone out there (like myself) is going through the same thoughts and feelings you are.  Know that you are loved, and that something good will come your way with patience and perseverance.  

I'm only leaving this post in hopes that another can relate to it and know that your life is precious and not worth throwing away.  If any of you need advice or a friendly talking to then I would gratefully extend a welcoming hand to help you guys out with anything you need.  Especially with you guys being fellow Redditers, we have to look out for each other :)  