Not doing too well...Uhm, Hi. 
This past month has been rough, too rough for me. Basically, the woman I am in love with left me and I really can not take it. I am not afraid to admit that I am not a strong human being, suffering from depression, anxiety and generally just being weak-willed. We have been together for 4 and a half years, and it was the best time of my life. She changed and moulded me into a man that I actually liked being.I started to find direction in life, finding satisfaction in finer details. I was really happy. I lost weight, gained confidence, got new interest... I knew I wanted to be with her the rest of my life. We fought almost every weekend for a month, I knew what was happening was not like us. I knew things had to be fixed, to communicate, to tell her I am sorry and that I didn't want to lose her... and then she said she needed space. 

But now I am utterly shattered. I have been a depressive person since my teenage years, but with her...you get the idea. With the pain of the most perfect woman for me leaving me, not loving me as I love her, I don't think I can take on life... I have attempted suicide once before, but no one ever found out. Now no one is there to do so. I have planned a date to do it, and I have a note already written just to explain things to whomever finds me. 
I know many people have told me "you are still young" or "there are many girls out there"...yeah sure, but no one truly knew this woman. 
The pain this brought into my life does not help the fact that I am R 120 000 ($ 9101.67-at time of writing) in debt from student loans; and the possibility of me finding a job in my "profession" in nearly impossible living in South Africa.

I started having moderate panics attacks at random times, busting out an ice cold sweat, knees turning into pudding, heart palpitations and being on the verge of passing out. The medication doesn't help, causing pain in my kidneys and appetite loss. 
Besides the constant feeling of my heart being to heavy to carry around, right now I feel guilt. My life has not been a fairytale (Father making terrible financial decision, family not able to afford food, parents divorcing, sister also suicidal) yet I feel guilty for really wanting to take my own life. There are people who have gone through hell, turning life towards the better... but I am not like that. Why should I kill myself when my mother, the saint that she is, has sacrificed everything for me. Yet, I am still planning to do it.

I have lost joy in everything I had interest in.

I know this post is on the long side, but this is not even an iota of what I feel. I am not even sure why I am doing this, bleating my stupid problems for the citizens of the internet to read... I guess I am just venting. Humans are strange, am I right?

Anyway, to whoever has read this whole shitstorm...thank you, do what I neglected to do. Tell someone who you really care for, that you love them, and make sure that you mean it and that they understand that.

(Oh, and sorry if my English seems a tad strange, South African English is a jumbled language. Bye.)