Boiling overI've always been very personal and private about my depression and anxiety, I always wanted to keep it all to myself and maybe I could help someone by sharing my story, but the time for that has never come. I'm not embarrassed of what I've done, rather scared that no one would be able to look at me the same if they knew. The first time I really tried to kill myself I took a handful of oxy and went for a drive, expecting not to be able to react (it was between 1-3am on a weekday in 2014) I drove my favorite canyon road, by the time I got to the end of the road, everything went black, and I woke up a few hours later, pulled over safely. I'm not sure why I pulled over, or why I didn't just let myself crash, but I didn't. The next year I spent most every day on some kind of hard drug, intermittently trying to OD, but it never worked. Then January 5th of 2015 after a terrible acid trip, and even more terrible interaction with people I thought cared about me, I tried to end my life. I wrote 6 letters, to my sister, my mom, my dad, and my 3 closest friends, I snorted half a gram of ketamine, drank 1/3 of a bottle of fireball, and took all the Valium that was prescribed to me that month (about 60 pills) and slit both my wrists. I was living at home with my parents after dropping out of college, my dad travels 3 or more weeks out of every month, and my mom was staying with my grandmother who was dying and if my dad had time off he'd stay with them in California and leave me with the house to myself. My parents never knew of my addiction or how bad I had gotten. Back to January 5th, my parents were home but used to me not leaving my room for days at a time, and my mom busts into my room at around 3pm on the 7th and pulls open my blinds and yells that it's time for me to do something, anything, and storms out of my room slamming my door. And as unlikely as it may seem I came to. My sheets were bloody, the letters still sat on my night table next to my bed, and my mom didn't even look at me or the slew of drugs and alcohol on my night table. The only thing I remember from my attempted suicide was becoming very cold and seeing nothing but black, until I saw just my own face emerging from the blackness, I didn't interact with myself, I didn't say anything, or rather don't remember saying anything, and the peaceful darkness of me staring at my own face in darkness was interrupted by my moms voice of her barging in my room. For the next 4 months I went back to school, and wore long sleeve shirts, well into spring break, when I finally slipped, my family and I went out for family dinner and I wore a long sleeve sweater, and as I reached across the table to grab something, my mom saw my scarred wrist. I had been waiting for them to heal enough so that I could get a tattoo to cover them up, but they were badly scarred and unsightly. I never told anyone what happened that night, other than telling my mom I tried to kill my self months earlier. I have never been afraid of death, nor the repercussions of killing myself until my family sat me down and each of them told me how it would have affected them, and how it would affect everyone that knew me. This didn't scare me, but made me feel terrible, made me feel even more like a burden, and I knew I'd never be able to escape their fears of me attempting again. For the next year I got daily check ins from my family, which inevitably slowed as the year progressed, and finally the anniversary was upon me again, and overwhelmed with emotion, I attempted again, however this time I just tried to OD on sleeping meds and barbiturates. I had been living with my best friends and their girlfriends in a house near my school, and when I attempted I believe this was the closest I got to death, I started having extreme trouble breathing, my heart was racing, my vision was blurry, and I was terrified. I made a last ditch effort to throw up some pills, after I made myself throw up I passed out in my shower in my room. Again, never told anyone, and no one was the wiser that this had just occurred. I'm not sure how I could help anyone with this story, but I always hoped that maybe I could help someone feeling like they can't go on, like they are afraid every day that they could take their own life, but the truth is I still feel that way. After all the therapy I've gone through, after all the experiences that have gotten me here, I still have a daily thought about how I'd do it again, about how I won't fail next time. All the while trying to be there for my friends in their times of weakness, and there for my family to try and be the goofy light hearted son/brother they'd known. It's just not me anymore, and it's lonely knowing I have to keep these things to myself, so I don't scare or put stress on those around me, on those who still care about me. 