A letter to my loveHi baby, 

I don't know what'll happen tonight. I've already packed everything. I have a blanket to roll myself in tightly, all the pills I think I'll need. I need to prepare razor blades too. I'll sneak out into the forest tonight. I don't know how it'll go. Maybe if I cut myself up a bit, it'll help and ill choose to take only a bit of pills to knock myself out. I don't yet, baby. But know that you've given me more than I could've ever asked for. There's nothing you could've done, please don't blame yourself if I die. It was all me, baby. The only person who can save me is me, and I don't want to save myself. I'm sorry. I know that won't fix anything for you. I'm so sorry. I hope that you find this and recognise that it's me if I do die. Hahah, I always said that if I write a suicide letter that means it's all over for me and I've lost. It's okay, baby, you've made me the happiest person in the world. 

You're the love of my life. You're my world. You're my everything. I love you. I love you with my entire heart. Kocham cię, misiu. I hope you can tell it's me now hahaha. If not, let me write the most important word you've ever taught me: 우유. I wish I just got to hold you at least once. Feel your arms cover me and make everything disappear. Make it all okay for a night. I wish I could've kissed you, admired how beautiful you are in person. Feel your skin under my fingertips. Look into your eyes and tell you how much you mean to me. It'll be okay, baby. I know you know how much I love you. Thank you for giving me everything, for getting me through my panic attacks and comforting me when I cried and talking me through what I feel and helping me understand myself and the village inside my head. Right now it's only the homeless man and train conductor hahahah. Probably better that I 'm not letting it's population grow or discover who else is hiding in it. You make me so happy, no one but you can make my face hurt so much from smiling. If I survive tonight, I know I'll be going straight to the mental hospital. I don't think it'll be any help. 

If I don't survive, I hope this doesn't break you. I don't want to hurt you, baby. That's the absolute last thing I want to do to you. I can't live like this though, it's agony. You made my life worth it though. I got to experience your love. It was the purest, most magical thing I've ever felt. You make me feel so calm, babe. I want to fall asleep in your arms, and hear you breathing softly as you fall asleep too. I love you. I can't say that enough. 

I love you so so so sosososo much, baby. Thank you for being here. Thank you for being you. Thank you for sharing yourself with me. Thank you for getting me through each day. Tonight I have to fight it alone, I hope you understand, baby. 

Thank you for treating my heart so well. I love you forever.

Yours always, 

A