Not now, but soon. I'll be dead by 26 or 27.24 now. 

By 26 I won't have good insurance and can't get a good enough job to get good enough insurance. I can't pay for education. I realized I cannot. I'm tired. I thought I wanted to study medicine when I was younger- naive enough to think I would 'help'. I realize that as I get older and I no longer want to do what I wanted to do. 

I'm an unnecessary person.... to the 'system', Regardless of how many people love me on an individual level. I will always barely scrape by, because people are heartless as a whole. People just look the other way, and they  hurt each other if it means they will get out on the subjective 'top'. That's the way the world works, isn't it? You don't deserve to live if you're too weak to hurt others. 
 The world runs off unsatisfied people, to whom everything beyond basic necessity is a fantasy. So it will keep me down any way it can to keep me dreaming and consuming. Fuck that.

There are so many reasons I *don't* want to see the future.
I don't want to see climate change, (the rich will be saved.), I don't want to feel like I'm being violated by technology anymore. It will only get worse. I feel like I don't own my life anymore.

I don't want to witness my body starting to decline, and no, I don't want to depend on sketchy treatments from doctors to stop it either. I've read enough horrifying medical cases that I want to terminate the entire body before I fall into such an appalling, helpless state sooner or later.

I'm just tired of existing as a human. I'm looking in my mirror and I'm tired of being this, and I'm tired of causing pain. I'm tired of living knowing everything I eat, was grown on a mass scale, ruined habitats and ecosystems. It doesn't fucking matter if it's plant or animal. It's destructive. I can use cloth shopping bags and am astounded at how much plastic I still throw out.

I'm not even that depressed. I just want off. I've researched and planned a comfortable death for myself. I want it to be kind of an ascension, I wish I could convince my friends and loved ones not to cry, and just bid me farewell.