Sorry for the incoming wall of text.I'm swimming in a sea of negative thoughts right now (and I feel dirty for using such a trite metaphor).  I don't know what to do about it.  I've gotten to the point of having a clear vision of how I would kill myself, which seems to be a significant landmark, so it seems like I need to actually do something about it all.

I don't really have any friends.  If I want to open up to anyone without fear of reprcussions, it has to be a place like this, to strangers who don't know me and therefore can't really care about me no matter how much they say they do.  I'm not even lucky enough to be one of those Reddit celebrities that people somehow have fallen in love with; with my regular account I still get very little attention, and I haven't made a significant difference to anyone.

The people who would be affected by my death would be my wife and daughter.  The reason I bother keeping myself alive merely so that I can suffer is because they depend on me, emotionally but also financially and logistically.  It would be, at the very least, entirely unfair for me to abandon them.

But I can't open up to my wife at all.  I need to provide for our family, and if I'm weak it means more of the burden is shifted to her.  She's well aware of my depression, and over the years she's come to understand the truths of what it means (having had serious misconceptions early on).  But she's still angered and offended at how I behave, and how irresponsible and untrustworthy I am.  She obviously wants things to improve at least, so much so that she's tried using actual therapy techniques to help me.  So far our only real "session" resulted in me just hurting her feelings.

The reason I'm even going along with it is because she doesn't want me to see an actual psychiatrist.  That's what I wanted to do in the first place, once I started thinking suicidal thoughts, but my wife fears Children's Aid Society.  They get involved when parents are being detrimental to their children's upbringing.  She's a teacher, and knows a lot about what CAS does.  And she fears that, if I present my problems to a psych, that CAS may be called in for the protection of my daughter.  I have not and never would do anything to my daughter.  But maybe being suicidal is enough to mark me as "unfit to parent."

I'm torn between rage and despair that I'm *not allowed* to seek help.  In general, I'm not allowed to do anything that makes me feel happy or useful -- there's no time or money for it.  I need to work during the day (where my shortcomings have me barely treading water; I feel like I could justifiably be fired any day), come home, spend all of my energy parenting, and in the evening keep my wife company because she's had a difficult day and needs my company (preventing me from doing whatever I personally enjoy, which she generally does not).  Then there's not enough time I need for a decent night's sleep, and I get to repeat it all.

I realize this all sounds very bad for my wife.  I truly do love her, and she wants things to be better for me, at least it seems.  I just can't safely confide in her.  That's why I'm here, dumping text in a place where other people who have it far worse than me deserve everyone's attention.  But I just need to do *something* while I'm still willing to consider alternative ways out.