Just Walked Out Of Medical School Exam Where Examiner Laughed At MeI've been feeling down for a while, but today was the first time I honestly just felt like hanging myself. It's like, the rest of my life is a failure. I have no social life, I've gained 100 lbs in medical school, the only sex I have these days is paid. Now this too? In my 4th year? After all of this? The one thing I had: my reputation as a smart, achieving and humble dude was taken from me. When I crumbled towards the end of my exam, my examiner laughed? Knowing if I fail I have to take 6 months off school, join those in the year below me and say goodbye to the few colleagues I'm on good terms with? How embarrassing it will be to explain over and over? I could make a dozen excuses. The fact of the matter is my academic mastery wasn't enough to withstand the personal and chance circumstances of the exam. Why am I even killing myself every fucking day for this shit? Because it's my dream, but so? If I'm dead I won't miss it. Only my family would care and that's really what makes this not a serious plan. I just really needed to fucking vent about fantasizing for the first time in my life about not waking up tomorrow. It's all just so painful. To believe so desperately in yourself and lose just the same. I know, the results aren't even out, but she laughed and told other examinees whether they passed or not. I got so rattled I made a fool of myself. I'm a grown man and I almost cried. I'm just so embarrassed and sad. FUCK. Why didn't I just study harder. An hour there, an hour here. I'm just so fucking burned out. I know what's wrong. I even scheduled a break for me next week to decompress, but now, I just feel fucked. I feel like I've been in school struggling for 15 years and my entire narrative crumbled and my embarrassment will likely be felt for weeks if not months. Why did she happen to ask me about my worst topics? Why couldn't I fall asleep last night? Why did I fuck up and get in a car accident a week ago? I feel like I'm going fucking crazy right now. I just want this shit to stop. Have you ever been so tired that your whole body feels like it's crying? If you read, thanks for listening. I won't do it. Typing this out was very therapeutic, since I also stupidly have the reputation as the stoic one too and have no one to confide in. Shit just fucking sucks right now man. FUCK!