Carefully Planning a SuicideHello people.

So...  here is my story. I suppose that is an EGO thing to want to talk about one's story, but...  Anyway...

I am the youngest of six siblings. Half of us, three brothers to be exact, have already committed suicide. My life is marked by sadness and trauma since I was a young boy.

I think that once this door is opened, it then becomes an obvious way out of life, should the need arise.

I'm just past fifty, a male, a loner, always stumbling into depression just like a person intermittently, while walking along life's  crooked pavement, falling flat on their face into life's puddles...

I have cut all my ties to relatives. I have no children. I do not have a partner. I am an atheist. Nobody will notice if I walk out of this crazy marketplace of bullshit.

Please do not try to tell me that GOD is THE answer! For me, it is not... no more than Mickey Mouse is my savior.

I have my suicide quite well planned. I am going to hang myself. First I will drink alcohol to prepare for physical pain and to numb my senses enough for me to carry this plan out. Just before I hang myself I will send a text message to Police with the coordinated of my location, which will be in the woods outside the city I live in. I do not want children or sensitive people to be traumatized by my actions.

When? Answer: At the turn of the year.

Why am I posting this here? Answer: I guess I'm just using you, in a way. That is probably egocentric, on my behalf. Sorry! I guess I feel this is a safe space to talk about such matters because of the great divide that the internet brings. You can not intervene in person but you can state your opinions from a safe distance...

I have been thinking about this for many years. I should have killed myself many years ago. There is nothin left but sadness and hopelessness!

Anyway, climate change will extinguish our civilization in a few years, anyway !

Sorry for any grammatical or typographical errors I might have made in the text. I try to be accurate, but to be blunt... I have had a couple of glasses of red wine...

&amp;#x200B;