BirthdayHeyho!

I don't know what is really wrong with me. I think I am just weird and have really big ups and downs.  Sometime people think I am crazy because I am In a really good mood and then a few days later my mood goes all the way to thinking about killing myself. 

I started working at a restaurant and I have a crush on one of the waitresses. She is (26) older then me (19) so I really don't think she thinks that were more then friends but I really like her. I recently moved and I feel like she is one of the only people I can talk to. (I moved because in my old country I had no friends and felt so lonely I needed the change). I really want to tell her about my mood swings about that I found her to be beautiful about that when she smiles she can always make me smile even if I am in a shitty mood. 

My birthday is coming up. Because I had no friends and felt that on my birthday people would give me attention that I didn't deserve I started to not celebrate it. I even forgot the exact date and I have to check it on my license to know it. I am even afraid to tell her that my birthday is coming up. 

God I hate myself. I always had a minority complex. When I was little I was always afraid to talk to strangers here even to go to a store and talk to the cashier was something that I was afraid of. I made up excuses that the store was closed or I coil the find what I needed but St so I could not talk to anyone. Every time I meet someone even if we are the same age I feel like I am smaller and worth less then others. Sometime this feeling goes away but then it comes back again. In the past year this started to erecting my body. Sometimes I would feel like my hands feet head or other parts of my body are smaller then they should be.

I am not depressed but I am really messed up. I actually really like working because that is the only place where I have any contact with other humans. I am really lonely but I am too afraid to tel that to anyone. 

Damn dam damn. I am just writing this as it comes sorry it's all a big mess. God I hate this but I realy like it here and the restaurant is nice and the people are nice but I want to die and I don't want to die because I like it but I feel lonely. 

Okay rumbling over. Bye