I miss wanting to dieI don't know how this is going to be taken or if this is the right place to write this. Maybe this might offer a bit of insight to some of you. 

Let me start with this: I have had a massive fear of death since the time I was about 10 years old. However, this fear wasn't of the act of dying, it was of what happened afterwards. Death could be unpleasant sure, but hey it was all over quickly usually. I had been raised as a good Catholic boy, but the notion of heaven seemed unreasonable, even if the rest was true. It began with the simple question of "what if I'm wrong?" I also realized that everything I did, everything I was would be forgotten and the only way to live forever was to create a legacy that nobody would forget. This set the path for the rest of my life and it is a massively unattainable goal. 

In almost paradoxical proportion, my thanatos, death wish, grew unknowingly as my ambition grew. I came to love the feeling of my lungs burning after I held myself underwater for minutes at a time. I messed around with a few things that could have endangered the rest of my life. I wasted the years, pushing my legacy farther and farther away from my reach. 
 
Fast forward ten years. I was in a relationship that brought me something I had never felt before, satisfaction. For once, a future with this person would have been something that could make me happy besides chasing my reckless ambition. That relationship ended about a year ago, putting me into a downward spiral for the next 8 months. My thanatos took complete control, culminating in a narrowly avoided suicide attempt. I spent many nights on this sub, trying to keep my irrational side from going through with it. 

Reflecting back on the attempt though, it was the most peaceful I had ever been about my own death. I would die, I would be forgotten, and that was ok. I would write my legacy in the scars on the hearts of those around me, some of whom would be maimed, never to heal. For me, death was just leaving from one existence to the next, as simple as walking through a door. 

Over this year of contemplation though, I gained an understanding of consciousness. I can't go back to not knowing. The nothingness before I was born is the same nothingness as when I will die. I'm scared shitless. I don't know how to live knowing I will die. I'm not sleeping, only because I know that sleep on a normal schedule pushes you closer to death 33% faster. I don't know what to do. 

I miss wanting to die. I miss being able to "go softly into that good night". My thanatos still resides within me, threatening to give me a giant "Game Over" at any time. There hasn't been a light at the end of the tunnel since I moved past suicide, I just went into another tunnel. This knowledge is hell itself and I don't know what to do.

Help