At least someone should know thisEnglish isnt my first language.So sorry for mistakes and tbh i dont even care anymore

I dont know what happened to me but after sixth grade my head fucked up. My dad and mom was in divorce procedure but tjat was least of my worries cuz i couldnt focus or do anything about serious studying since then.(except eight grade i studied just becuz i have to there was so much pressure and i need to distract myself someway) i got in a pretty decent highschool. But eating,socializing,studying,waking up everything is such a chore and i dont enjoy anything. I sleep for 15+ hours everyday. Waking up is a pure torture. Only thing keeps me up is cafeine. In school i cant even focus on lecture i need to go to counselling or i would have a breakdown. I am on prozac but it doesnt do shit. I may sound like edgy but life is not fun when u r never happy. And i have to do chores everyday and go to school cuz i need to get a job to get money that i need for living and i dont even want to live. Im just kinda have to cuz of my mom except this from me.I dated guys i never feel any romantic love to anyone they asked me out cuz we were close friends. Im asexual so sex isnt a choice. I cant function like a normal human being cuz even when in lil bit of stress i break down. Only thing keeps me going is knowing that i will commit suicide someday. My mom said get over it and i tried and be like me in 8th grade didnt happened and broke down again.I need to study hard and get in university but i cant. And im thinking anout suicide in 2 weeks and im not even joking.Im not desperate i know i can live and get into some university but it doesnt matter nothing will be change and im stuck in this circle called life.I didnt tell anyone that i will commit suicide.I dont wanna be saved.I dont attention.Im just writing this at least someone (even a stranger) would know what i really feel. What i feel is sadness and despair and pure stress and nothing else. I never had any positive emotions for as long as i remember. I just suffer.and living isnt even my choice.