My Emotions Are Destroying MeI don't know what's wrong with me.  I've been diagnosed with bi-polar by one psychiatrist, with clinical depression by another and with borderline personality disorder by another.  That last one fits me like a glove.  I have literally no ability what so ever to regulate or process my emotions.  For BPD they have a list of nine traits, and you usually have to fit all nine of them. It's ruined my life.  It ruined my marriage.  I have two children and if it weren't for them I would have 100% definitely killed myself a year ago, possibly even sooner.  I can go through the signs for you of BPD.  1.  I have "stress-related paranoid thoughts" a constant feeling of not being myself, of existing, but I'm not me.  Like I have no connection to reality.  2.  Constant feelings of emptiness or boredom.  That sums up my life.  I have content with nothing.  I feel like a shell.  Emotions hit me and its like a flash where I experience it intensely, but then its gone.  And I am nothing.  I feel; nothing.  I'm always bored because I have no joy.  3.  I have attempted suicide several times in the past.  I have self harmed in the past.  The only reason I don't now is because I have two beautiful children who believe I am so much greater than I actually am.  I can list and list and list for you the other signs, but I'll be here all day.  The biggest issue signs that one with BPD will experience and what I let ruin my life are "extreme reactions—including panic, depression, rage, or frantic actions—to abandonment, whether real or perceived."  And let me tell you, 99% of that extreme reaction is to perceived abandonment.  Not even real.  I see it everywhere, hear it on every word.  Also "intense and highly changeable moods, with each episode lasting from a few hours to a few days" Like I said, and this may be why I was previously diagnosed with bi Polar, I will have hours to days of depression, then of jealousy, then of rage.  But never manic.  never, which is why a bi-polar diagnosis always confused me.  and then and this one is huge, "inappropriate, intense anger or problems controlling anger".  I've never gotten physically violent but verbally so many times.  My ex wife was amazing for trying to work through it for so long.  I did so much bad.  BPD is basically the inability to process emotions.  And thats what she dealt with for 6 years.  For 6 years I hounded her and believed I was being abandoned, cheated on her once because she said we should break up.  It was just making out, but that's cheating.  But mostly it was jealousy and verbal abuse.  Every bad feeling I felt I didn't know what to do with so I lashed out.  And it's all my fault, she hates me now.  And the hardest thing is we still live together.  I don't make enough to afford a place on our own.  Where we live now her dad owns and lets us rent real cheap.  She started dating 6 weeks ago and she is falling hard for this guy.  She constantly tries to talk about him to me, about her concerns, how she is scared it won't work.  And I get so angry and jealous.  The other night she was going out with him and asked me if I thought she looked pretty and she was wearing one of her shorter dresses and I started screaming at her calling her a whore.  telling her she was selfish.  She has 2 kids at home and me.  She already has a family and by dating she's just being a whore.  I feel broken, and I'm breaking her even more everyday.  I can't move one.  This post isn't about my childhood, but it was hard.  It's not a lie or an exaggeration when I say besides one of my sisters and my children she is the only person who has ever loved me.  And besides my children, she is the only person who I ever loved.  And It's breaking me.  I don't even know where I am going with this.  I want her to be happy.  The way I am makes it so she can never be happy with me.  The way I am makes it so I just can not let go of the image I have of us together.  I feel like the nicest thing I could ever do for her is kill myself.  It would fix all of it.  She tells me all the time how much depression I caused her and still do because of how I am, I can't help how I am.  It's mental, not intentional.  I don't to hurt her, I don't want to hurt anyone.  I want to die so bad.  I want to kill myself so bad so I can let her be happy because that's the only way I can.  As long as I breath I can't let go of the hope that she and I will one day be together.  I feel like I need to die so that she can be happy.  And all I want is for her to be happy.... but If it's not with me, I can't let go.  I need to be dead for her.... thats all my thoughts keep telling me.  On loop, on repeat, all the time.  Kill myself so she will be happy.

This is my first Reddit post I believe in the 7 months since I've joined.  I don't believe I have broken any rules, but I apologize if I have.