Please, listen.Please, listen.
So, I've come to terms with the fact that I need to tell people about what I'm going through. I need people to know that though I appear okay I most certainly am not. And so, even though I'm not at all comfortable talking about this, it has to be done. I am, in essence, Suicidally Depressed. I think about killing myself daily, and have urges to do so. Now I know how to deal with these urges and as such I don't act on them... However the thought is always there. And it drains me to the point where daily function is a challenge. There are other contributing factors to this of course. Massive Anxiety, where even the slightest confrontation or social activity mentally drains me, and leaves me Physically shaking with subconscious fear. And also immense stress caused by forcefully remembering all the worst things that ever happened to me, While all the good just becomes a blur in my head. It's no secret I was bullied, but no one knows just how far that went. And so here it is, I need to get this out. At first it was pretty standard bullying: Teasing, isolation, the odd stolen object. But it went further as the years went on, progressing to beatings and fights. And that's where most of you know up to. But after that it just kept getting worse, Surrounded against a fence and pelted with rocks... Surrounded and tormented until my mind snapped and all I could do was scream and flail out of fear. None of these were a one time event. But it gets worse. Physical abuse wasn't enough anymore, they had to sexually harass and humiliate me, stripping me in front of girls. Eventually that stopped and escalated into full blown sexual assault in the 7th grade. This continued over several months until the main instigator was removed from the scene due to a different incident. The bullying continued in lesser forms after that until about 10th grade. But by then I honestly didn't care about anything anymore. I hated teachers, for ignoring the reports on bullying or only handing out minor punishments. I hated friends, for their un-knowing participation in these events, using the names people had branded me with... Thinking they were just nicknames. I hated everyone and everything, inculding myself. I remember these incidents like they happened yesterday. And I think about them every day. In the meantime I have absolutely no positive memories from before the 8th grade. I remember my step dad Pete, and I remember I loved him, but I have no memories of the time we spent together. I remember the friends I had, but I don't remember any of it. Even now while I'm writing this, I'm struggling to steady my hands and trying not to cry as I still have so much to write. But nevertheless I just need to let people know how bad things are for me. So I can know that my pain isn't un-noticed. How it takes me 30-60 minutes each morning of just lying in bed to will myself to get up. How I have to remind myself to eat or I'll just go without food for days. How I lie in the dark for hours before I can sleep either thinking to myself or just staring out the window vacantly. Then wake up at the same time every morning with only 1-3 hours of sleep. How I pretend to be okay even though I want people to know I'm not. How sometimes I blast mind numbing music in my face just to stop myself from thinking. How I'll just lose focus sometimes in the middle of doing something or having a conversation. Then completely lose all memory of what I was doing, or what someone was saying to me. How sometimes I just need to shut off the entire world and lock myself in my room. And how sometimes a actually need that to ensure I don't leave my kids without a father. This post is quite easily the hardest thing I have ever written. This condition has already cost me my relationship and prevented me from the career I wanted in the military. I do not wish to lose anything else because of these. I'm legitimately terrified that people will start treating me like I'm broken, and I don't want that. I want people to know, but not to treat me any differently. Just to keep in mind that sometimes there are things I just can't do. Things that may seem like ordinary easy tasks for you, may be at the time for me, completely insurmountable. I don't want any sympathy. I don't want to be treated differently. I just simply want people to be aware while I work my way through things as I need to. If you don't understand depression and anxiety too well, perhaps look into it a bit, get some information. ACTUAL information, not just your opinion on what depression is or what anxiety is, and how to deal with them. Because most peoples understanding of these are wrong, and as such offer superficial words of support. The majority of the time, this just deals more harm than good. Just please, be aware, I have been struggling with this for many many years. And it's not likely to be fixed anytime soon, so please be patient with me while I work my way through it.
Thank you for your time.