Stop I made a “mistake”I’m doing all I can to tell this story. My head is fighting me and making me lose focus. But this is important even though I want to forget. 

A mistake is what I made. Bad decision after bad decision, finding myself suddenly hurt all over and stained. I was a kid and even though I was warned that the world is dangerous I didn’t listen. Don’t talk to strangers. Don’t trust a soul. I did it anyways. 

I don’t know what other girls did when they got home from school. Probably homework and watch tv and go to dance practice. I got naked for strangers on my phone. I learned to model, to sext, to set up a camera, to shave, to lie to my parents, and to smile through it all. They were my boyfriends. I was 11, and they were “16” to most likely 60+. Comforting a man who felt bad for loving to fuck with children and having to tell him it’ll be alright and say it’s just me to make him not care and use me more, because if I didn’t have him who would I have? The only way to escape is to come up with fucked up lies like how I was “lying to him about who I am,” just because I needed a break from the sex. It was nerve racking to touch myself and it was exhausting to do it every day. Even now if I touch myself it’s exactly the same. It’s normal until suddenly I’m suicidal and feel sick. Then I’m stuck in my head and I will do things and not remember what happened. Usually I’ll apparently cry for a half hour or so. 

That’s my mistake. Getting myself to that point. The point were I am stuck in my head. Learning to be a whore. Thinking it’s weird other girls don’t go looking for sex all of the time. Other girls learned to take pictures to become a cool insta model. I learned to please old men so they wouldn’t sell me and my personal information. It’s not like one day I decided this is what I wanted to do with my life and become good at. But that’s what I did anyways. Now I’m a good little slut. Always the best phone sex someone has ever had. Always the prettiest and sexiest and cutest. The most obedient and perfect. But it’s a fucking lie. I’m so done with myself and I just wanna die. This girl is so fucked. I can’t even touch myself anymore. Puking sucks too much..