Eleven Years Ago, I Tried Committing Suicide. Today, I'm a Mental Health Counselor.Instead of a meme or something like that, I wanted to use my cake day to tell this story. Maybe it will help someone. I hope it does. 

Ever since I was young, I struggled with depression, anxiety, and OCD (the unholy Trinity). I didn't know how to verbalize it, but I knew that I was never happy. I was not fun to be around - and was told that quite often by my friends in grade school - but I couldn't seem to fix it. I was bullied a lot for my weight and for just being me. 

As I left grade school, I entered a Christian private school. I thought that because the kids there were Christians (supposedly), I wouldn't have to deal with their bullying. I was incredibly naive and insanely wrong. They were meaner and more crafty with the way they bullied. Throughout Junior high, I still felt like an outcast. I hated myself and my depression just kept attacking me. 

This all cane to a head at the end of my eighth grade year when, on the last day of school, I was told by a bevy of students that I was "better off dead" and "no one would ever love me." So I went home, the texts never stopping as they spammed my phone with these messages. I recall telling my dad I was fine, just tired. Then, I went into my room, locked the door, and got on the floor. I put my hands around my neck and squeezed as hard as I could. I wanted to die. I felt worthless and pathetic. I hated myself and couldn't see a light out of the tunnel. Eventually, as I started to lose breath, my hands fell. I couldn't keep it up. I broke down on the floor, feeling like even more of a failure. What kind of loser couldn't even kill himself?

So, for the next few years, I silently dealt with this pain. I held a deep-seated hatred for myself and wanted nothing to do with anyone. I would never let anyone into my life for fear of being hurt. The World Ends With Me, as it were. Why should I care about other people if they don't care about me?

All the while, I was suicidal. I blamed myself for so much and just wanted it all to end, but I Wass too afraid of death. I was scared of what would happen when I *did* succeed. That managed to keep me from killing myself, though I was still incredibly depressed. 

During my senior year of high school, after going through a terrible break-up, my best friend whom I had somewhat confided in about my suicidal tendencies gave me an ultimatum. See, my parents had found out multiple times about me being suicidal and forced me to go to different therapists who never helped. My friend knew that I didn't want my parents to know about my most recent suicidal trip - on my birthday (I hate my birthday) - and she said that if I didn't tell them, she would. So I finally told them. I laid it all out. Told them everything that had happened to me and everything I had been thinking and doing. I knew I needed help, now, but I had no idea how to go about it. 

My parents eventually found me a new therapist. I'll be honest, I didn't want to go. I hated the idea of seeing another judgemental shrink who would tell me that my depression is because of a "hidden sin that I have yet to confess." However, this one was different. She was patient and kind and helped me through my valley of darkness. It was rough, but I came out of it. 

Now, I was off to college. I was still depressed, especially going off somewhere new. I wasn't nearly as suicidal, but I didn't really want to be around people. That didn't stop the two guys that are my now-best friends from "adopting" me and making me hang out with them. 

My world was slowly opening up bit by bit. Then came Gen Psych. Taught by - what are the odds - my former counselor. Everything just clicked with me. I loved it. I dove headfirst into psychology. I knew that this was it. This was what I needed to do. I wanted to help people that dealt with what I did. I never wanted anyone to feel like they had no options. 

After six years of schooling, I finally made it out with my Master's in psychology. Now, I'm an LPC-Intern, counseling people and helping them through the hardest parts of their lives. I still have a lot to learn and a long way to go. I still deal with depression and those other issues, but I view them as a boon rather than a hindrance. Not only do they keep me humble, they help me better empathize with people struggling with the same things. 

I hope someone takes hope from this. You may be in an impossibly dark part of your life right now and you may be facing down the end of a barrel. But it gets better. It will. I can't tell you when or how long it will take, but you can make it. You're stronger than you think. You're not a victim of your circumstances, you're a conquerer of them.