My mind is deteriorating.I’m 17. Sometimes I don’t believe that myself. I turn 18 in a little more than a month. It will be a year since my my psyche was shattered. I tripped on my 17th birthday. 

Prior to the trip and all of my life I have been extremely observant and analytical since I’ve had real consciousness. Before it was only thoughts that past by me, thoughts that held no weight with me. I could allow them to go and my only real problems were the typical depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts and miscellaneous other symptoms of a few things. That started around 12 for me so I was very used to existing like that.

Things started getting worse before my trip, the thoughts gained weight and some didn’t leave. I heavily started questioning my existence. One of which was the simulation philosophy. So much so that I forced myself to stay awake for days to see if I could “compromise the simulations integrity.” What actually happened was I passed out in class from exhaustion and woke up to my dad telling me to get up and come to the car. Although now the philosophy doesn’t bind me quite so much anymore, it shows you the state I was in before tripping. If you don’t know, psychedelics and the experience you have are heavily correlated with your mindset. This was not a good mindset clearly, but I neglected that for whatever reason. 

I had an ego death. I was completely broken. I was in and out of reality, present in my body but shifting in and out of the real world and elsewhere. Almost like a void, like I was being teleported to a place with all of the secrets of the universe and this place was forcing all of them into me all at once. Completely broken, I was quite literally in the lap of one of my close friends gargling incoherently and crying. Nothing made sense anymore, even more so than before. The night ended after I made myself vomit, then couldn’t stop vomiting. All I wanted was to fall asleep and make it all stop. I didn’t sleep for a full day after that. I couldn’t. I changed my lockscreen to a somber solid yellow and my home screen to a baby blue. 

The following week I wouldn’t leave my room. My girlfriend at the time had no clue what to do. I was so traumatized I absolutely wouldn’t leave my room. She somehow convinced me to go get food with her. The entire way their my brain was going fucking haywire. Tearing everything apart. I believe at that time my object permanence truly started fleeting because I for the life of me could not comprehend any existence beyond the bounds of my vision. To clarify, any room I sat in was the only room in existence. Noises outside the bounds of its walls were only attempts by my mind to create depth to the reality I reside in. We get to the restaurant and I am having a full blown internalized panic attack (how all of my panic attacks happen.) She got her food and we sat down. She’s talking, I know she is because I see her mouth out of my peripheral vision. I am not looking at her. I’m looking at everything else. The people walking around, the chairs, walls, floors, the curtains, doorways, my hands especially them. All the while my internal monologue is screaming things to convince me I don’t exist. I couldn’t handle it. I got up and just left. I just walked out. No warning. She didn’t even question it, part of me knows she expected that outcome. That was no where near my rock bottom but I’ll just allow that to give you a sense of my progressively worsening state.

For nearly the past year I’ve been tormented by my thoughts. I currently have no object permanence, my senses don’t translate to my consciousness, I have a profound solipsistic mindset. I’m alone inside myself. The creator of my own universe is myself and it is the loneliest scariest form of existence and oh so ironic that I’m pouring this out to people I don’t even believe exist. What else can I do. I’ve had a psychiatrist for the past 8 months and I’ve been working so hard to bring myself back up. I lost all of my ability to socialize after that day and now I am so aware of the things I say it’s mind numbing. That in and of itself causes me so much anxiety because I constantly feel the need to hold up conversation with people I fucking hate because they all feel so empty. Everything is empty.

For a longtime afterward I was afraid of dying. Absolutely horrified of facing that void again. Now I am so so tired of the torture that is my existence. I live in constant fear that I may come unhinges and my psychosis will take over. I will lose myself in the murky depths of my brain.  I would rather consume myself by my own choice than wait for the day it consumes me. I self harmed today I cut all over my arms and I wish I hadn’t stopped because fuck it felt so good. To feel something again felt so good. 

Sorry for mobile format.

