I can't take it anymore. The depression has consumed me, and recently I have found my breaking point to finally end it.Recently, another user on SW had made a post that describes almost the same situation I'm in. What he described was that it didn't make sense to be depressed in the life he was living. It was just something that occurs. That's how I am. It doesn't make sense why I would be depressed. Clinical depression I suppose. I have a decent family, and I was never abused by them. I am a 16 year old male, and I think I've been depressed since I was around 14, it's still unclear to me when I became suicidal. My older brother (oldest of the family) has set the bar so high, that I will never be able to reach it and make my parents proud. He was the ideal child. I feel like living under this shadow may have contributed to it, but I don't think that's all to blame. I was in a relationship with a girl for a year, and it ended 3 months ago. She physically and mentally abused me. Controlled my life. I ended it. I am with another girl now. She cuts and self harms. I've been helping her, although she has been putting an end to her self harm herself. I just assist her with talking to her when she needs it. She knows of my thoughts. I promised her I would never end it for her. Because she tells me daily that she needs me. I am holding her together, like glue, after everything she's been through up to this point. Recently, one of my friends was sitting by her on the bus, and kissed her out of nowhere. The  dude came to school next day and didn't even have the guts to tell me. And of course my girlfriend was to afraid to tell me until the day after. He looked at me the whole day, was able to stare me in the eyes, and didn't say a word. Couldn't even tell me he was sorry, man-to-man. I texted him as soon as I found out. He said he was afraid to tell me, because he didn't know what my reaction would be. Of course, when I found out, I was angry, hurt, pissed, all emotions at the same time. I tried not to take it out on her, because it wasn't her fault. It was his own doing, and he even told me so. He told me he was sorry through text. That he liked her since junior high (he's dating my girlfriends best friend as well) and it just sort of happened. His girlfriend is hurt as well by his doings. I wanted to beat the shit out of him at first. Then it transferred over to my depression. And thats when it found this breaking point. I feel broken. I feel hurt. I feel betrayed. I feel angry. But at the same time, it's like I don't feel at all anymore. I just want to end it. I have never felt so ready to end my life before.
All I can say, is why me? Why does this happen to me? Or how do you do that to someone? How could you?