8 Months LaterI really wish this had a happy ending. It doesn't. 8 months ago I posted here. 8 months ago I wasn't nearly as depressed. I really wish I knew what was coming or at least knew to enjoy life then.

To paraphrase what happened 8 months ago: I was 17, grew up with a single Mom when we were poor. I was bullied over my disability (I was born blind in my right eye) and over not having a Dad. As I grew up, I was abused by my step-dad horribly, being molested and physically abused by him, and grew up believing that my Dad was this awful man. When I finally realized all of this wasn't normal, I realized I had PTSD, suicidal thoughts, and depression. I was able to keep it under wraps until Hurricane Michael blew threw and destroyed everything. I lost every one of my belongings and was forced to start fresh. I then couldn't keep everything under control and my PTSD grew worse along with everything else. It all went untreated. And now I am stuck here

([Here's the original post with more details if you're curious](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/djg8wj/im_scared_and_i_dont_know_what_to_do/))

So where's the update?

Well, in Senior year, I won over a lot of positions. NHS secretary, SGA VP, and yearbook editor, which I was extremely proud of. And considering the size of our small school, those were really the things you wanted to work with if you were more interested in academics. And things looked good for a while. I developed a new crush on a new girl, Christina. I was the star student. I was finally learning to be happy. I had all of my friends, my family relationships were improving, and I was slated to go to a dream college. I even asked Christina out and she said yes! It looked promising.

Then everything went downhill. Jackson, who was my friend at the time, was working with me in yearbook, but turned against me after believing the only other editor, Chantal, that I was talking trash. He also started to become jealous of Christina and I because he wasn't doing well in his relationships. I'm not a perfect person, but I've never talked ill about my friends behind their backs nor involve other people. If I had issues with them, I'd bring it to them personally because I'd hope they would do the same. Well, he didn't. He almost got me kicked out of yearbook entirely. I lost my position as editor when he started piling work onto me and trying to take credit and it worked. I was already beginning to feel overworked and stressed out because of teachers thinking I could handle all the extra work they were giving. And ever the people pleaser, I accepted them. But yearbook? I've worked for the editor position for years and it was so easily taken away from me.

Then at home my Mom started threatening me and we were having fights constantly again. She was saying that Eliza was telling people she was abusing me and that my Dad was a good guy. And honestly, I didn't blame Eliza. She never talked about it outwardly to other people, we would talk about it in class. In December, I had gotten severely ill and my Mom didn't take me to the doctors because "we couldn't afford it". Well, she couldn't afford $5 medicine either, apparently. And my Mom was furious when Eliza brought me medicine on one of the days my Mom forced me to school. And Eliza wasn't afraid to call my Mom out when she visited our house. When my Mom would yell at me over stupid things, degrade me over my "choices" (AKA wanting tattoos, piercings, and of course, being a lesbian), and would hit me out of nowhere. I would chuckle out of nervousness when she did that and meekly ask her to stop. When she would laugh, Eliza would get upset and tell her off. Of course, this upset Mom.

So one night we had a horrible fight and my Aunt was included. It was a "Family Meeting" as Mom put it but it wasn't really a family meeting because we never had those. They just attacked me constantly saying that I needed to choose over family or friends. When I said it wasn't fair that they were making me choose over them (And it was only those two because I don't talk with extended family) and people that I could talk to freely, my Mom was in hysterics. She said she was being stalked and that she hired a private detective and all of these things. Saying that she was driven to such lengths because a man came to her work and threatened her over Eliza's baseless claims. I was floored and asked more because that was so outlandish. She wouldn't answer and said there was a clear choice: someone was moving out March 2nd, and it was either her or me. The day right after my birthday.

So I started planning on moving out, having support from my friends and their families who knew of the situation. It was awful. Jackson would taunt me saying "I had nowhere to go," and that "I had nothing to help me," so I would have to suck it up and deal with it. I didn't listen and kept working. I got a job, worked on looking at a license and car, and was figuring out how to pay for college. Between this and school being piled on me, I was breaking down at school constantly.

Thankfully, it worked out. I wasn't being thrown out and Mom wasn't moving either. I was free from that burden and could breathe. My birthday wasn't smooth but Mom and I both agreed to chill. She would stop with Eliza and I could hang with her again. So when I went to hang out with him as a birthday present, I had asked my Mom if I could get a haircut. I hate my hair being at a length where people can grab it because of the hurricane. My Mom never believed it and thought it was because I'm gay. Well, she had finally agreed to let me go get it cut. I showed her photos, told her where I would get it cut, and told her I would pay for it, she wouldn't pay for it at all cause I knew how she felt. So when the day came, I cut my hair, hung with Eliza, and went to the movies. And my world came crashing down once I went home.

I walked through the door with Eliza in tow. I took my hoodie off to surprise my Mom and Aunt and they immediately started throwing slurs at me. My Mom called my boss and let him hear all the things. "I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU! YOU WOULD DISRESPECT ME LIKE THIS?! DO YOU WANT SOCKS FOR A FUCKING PACKER? YOU'RE A FAGGOT. A FUCKING DYKE! I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WOULD DO THIS!!" As she ran through the house throwing things. My Mom yelled at Eliza to get out, and she did leave, but texted me that she wasn't leaving the area until I said I was okay. My Aunt called her a witch as she left and my Mom continued her tantrum. She finally left and I said I would stay the night somewhere if it bothered her that much because I knew she couldn't stay anywhere; she had no friends and no money (I thought). The last words I heard from her? "It's probably best if you leave for good." And she left. No goodbye. No I love you. Nothing. Just bitterness and anger. I packed my things as my Aunt yelled at me. I didn't say a word until I was leaving and my Aunt had something. The last words we exchanged were no better. "You're 18 now, Sylvia. Act like an adult," and I responded with, "Maybe you should take your own advice before dishing it out." And I left to find Eliza's car.

The drive was surreal. I cried so fucking much and it hurt so badly. I texted Christina and told her what was happening. I told a few friends that knew of my situation and so they could tell their families as well because we all thought it was over. And not even a week after I had turned 18, I was kicked out. And something they tell you about getting kicked out? You're never well-prepared enough, not for the trauma that comes with it at least. I stayed with Eliza the first night, went to church the next (Ironic, considering I was abused by my step-dad with the authority of God), and that day I went back to get more of my stuff. I grabbed everything I could safely say was mine (So things they bought me were left behind save for a few things of clothes) and left quickly. Christina picked me up as that night it was decided I would live with her.

The next month was pure unadulterated Hell. I was so depressed and it showed. Christina and her family could see the damage wholly, including how unnormal my home life was. I ate and slept very little. I barely talked. No one at school noticed except the teachers. I was a ghost in the hallways and it was horrifying to see. When I told the school, they assigned me a crisis counselor which was more weight. Her words echoed in my head but the only thing that stuck was I could get insurance and that I was the textbook definition of depression. The thing that almost broke the camel's back was when Mom realized she lost control of me and she wasn't getting to me any time soon. No matter what she did, I wasn't coming back because nothing would reverse the events of that night. So she stalked Eliza and Christina, tried to get me and Eliza kicked from school and was constantly making manipulative moves. I had to quit my job and everything. And then, of course, Corona hit which canceled the rest of the school year. It was all so much that it was crushing my chest.

I had a moment of clarity when I reached out to my sister. I hadn't talked to her because of Mom. So many people had come back into my life after this. It was nice. I was learning that my biological Dad wasn't a monster and so I had the courage to reach out to him as well. I was starting to do so well. I still had my friends, I had my girlfriend, I had my Dad, I had college lined up, I was valedictorian, and I had a home for the first time ever in my life. It was like I had an actual happy family. I was so shocked and overwhelmed that I wanted to cry tears of joy but I had already used them up on the disaster of my Mom. That was okay because I had plenty of smiles to share.

And then, we get to now. I was doing so well a month before. I started getting paranoid and depressed to the point where I was having seizures, constant panic attacks, and constantly scared something else would happen. It led into suicidal thoughts and I had made a plan just in case. Well, I went to Dad's for two weeks. It was okay the first week but the second week I was so homesick. It was nice getting the answers to my life, but it was so hard when I had to acknowledge that nearly my whole life I was lied to, every single day. When I came back, I was harassed by an old lady for "being a guy pretending to be a woman" at the airport. I was so upset.

Christina was distant when I came back and a day after I came back, she broke up with me. It wasn't anything that I hadn't seen coming if I was being honest. She became distant over the past month. It hurt to see and feel. And then my fears were confirmed. I wished it hadn't come to this. We both love each other still, we live in the same house, I still have romantic feelings for her, and I think she may as well, but I'm not getting my hopes up. However, that isn't worth anything if you can't give and reciprocate which was Christina's issue. She couldn't reciprocate anymore. I'm thankful to still have her in my life, but I'm going to miss holding her and giving her kisses. I'm so happy we can still talk and laugh but I wish we could still have those tender moments. It stings and hurts so much.

Now, I'm sitting here almost a week later. I have to sleep soon because I have work in the morning, but I just hope I don't wake up. I don't want to keep living. It's not Christina's fault, I was like this before. And it's not the reason I'm even contemplating. I just don't know if I can keep going anymore if life is going to be so difficult. Did I earn any of this? Do anything to deserve this? I didn't ask to be born. I didn't ask to be lied to. I didn't ask to be this way. I was so close to killing myself before but was stopped cause I couldn't get the razor out and I was so frustrated. And now, I'm convinced I can't keep going.

I think in August it'll be my final days. I've already begun writing my letters for when I'm dead. I won't tell my friends, I especially won't tell Christina, and I don't have a lot of people to talk to about this. I don't want to be stopped. I want understanding. I know I really don't want to die, but I just want a reset. Not one where I move and have a fresh start without people, but one where I don't remember everything that's happened. I can't die because I have a few kids looking up to me, my friends like Eliza and Christina are still close to me and I don't want to hurt them, and I don't know what the future holds so there's chances everything works out. It's selfish, but after all I've been through, I've come to know I want to be done. I want to find peace. And after 18 fucking years, I can't find it, but I think I've earned just a tad bit. I'm so tired. I'm not asking for help or pity. I just want my story heard before I pass. Maybe my friends will find this knowing it's me and they can understand where I'm coming from somewhere. I just hope that this all works out.