My Soul MateI'm 19 years old, nearing 20 and I've been praying for death for over a year now. I always felt like I was never good enough, my older brother was always better at everything and my parents seemed to love him more so I always felt like a dissapointment. But when I got to uni, I met this girl I fell madly in love with and we get on insanely well. I would do anything for her, she's the only person who makes me feel like a normal person and when I'm away from her it feels like there's nothing left of me, she completes me and makes me feel whole. But she has a boyfriend. He is a really nice guy so I would get on with him really well but the way he treats her makes me despise him. He is always late to everything and he is so unorganized that it's past laughable. Once he asked her to go to a meal with some old friends of theirs but his ex was there who had recently got engaged, and the girl I love didn't want to go. But he persisted until she agreed and blew off her friends to go with him. He then tells her, after her long shift at work, that he couldn't go because he had something he couldn't get out of that he had known for weeks. Understandably she was angry and she went home and got into her PJs and had a meal with her family. After she had finished he phoned her and told her he was at the meal and asked her where she was. I was on the phone to her comforting her, she was so upset and angry. He said he would see her that evening but turned turned up 2 hours later than he said he would, he said to apologise he would take her out for breakfast... He was late for that too, but she still forgave him. He also took a girl who wanted to sleep with him before, to see the girl I love's favourite play in the theatre, and then when she was understandably upset by this, he somehow convinced her she was being unreasonable?! I'm always the one there to comfort her while her boyfriend does whatever he wants but has everything. I'm left her with nothing. I've had the desire of death before I met this girl but after I found her I felt more and more human. But since I've comforted her about her boyfriend so many times, the desire for death has never been greater. The reason I write to you now, is for help. She found out how I felt and was incredibly sad, and I promised her I would stay around as long as she needed me but her boyfriend is visiting now and since he arrived she barely says a word to me so I feel that my use has finally run out. I stuck with this girl through what she described as the worst year of her life and she often referred to me as her "rock", I always tried my hardest to make her happy and put a smile on her face, her boyfriend (long distance relationship BTW) tried to make the situation, with the people who made her feel awful, better but he just made it worse. And she often forgets or doesn't consider how hard I tried last year for her, but continually mentions that her boyfriend is perfect because he such with her through glandular fever, but that's not hard, she says she looked "grim" with glandular fever but I saw pictures and she still looked beautiful. She just glorifies everything he does and I feel like I'm just becoming worth less and less. Because she doesn't seem to need me anymore, I can feel myself getting closer and closer to suicide. Even my boss at work has realised something is up. I don't know what to do, I just want it all to end.