I'm so stupid for falling for her...I knew it the moment I first saw her; I quietly acknowledged her beauty and I told myself to not even bother.  There were many dozens of guys where we worked who were taller, more attractive and making at least 8-10x the amount I was making and I immediately convinced myself to stay away to protect myself from the potential of getting hurt.  I was able to do this for a long time.  My plan was working.  Every now and then our paths crossed; just a friendly hug... why not?  It felt very natural and right without really without really knowing each other. Perhaps we were drawn to each other's smiles.  At one point I learned she was a single mother.  It was just what I needed to hear to remind me to stay away.  Dating a single mother was against one of my rules, not because I think any less of them, but because I barely have the confidence to convince myself I could take care of a girl let alone her AND her children from a previous relationship.  I stayed away by telling myself she will find someone and that would make the temptation easier for me to resist, to avoid her and get her out of my head.  It was only a matter of time... all the guys at work wanted her, all the girls wanted to be friends with her, it was her hotness, her friendliness, her magnetic charm.  Months went by until one day she surprised me with a hug from behind.  She asked about me, wanted to hang out and if you saw her you would've had to have been a complete idiot to say no.  I thought to myself, "Maybe your rule is stupid.  Maybe she really is interested in you.  Maybe she just wants someone to talk to.  And you know exactly what it's like not having anyone to talk to." I decided to let my guard down, I opened my heart and she made herself at home shining radiance, beauty and light into my prison, a decade of anger, sadness, solitude, confusion and darkness.  Her endearing smile, her rowdy laugh, her boisterous voice were like an electric current shocking my soul to life, willing me to live and to be happy.  And when she kissed me, it was like being mauled with love and affection by a pack of french bulldog pups.  I couldn't get enough of it.  She claimed me; she said I was her baby now and I told her she was mine.  The conversation in my head was different this time.  It was no longer about avoiding her beauty and being cynical, it was about making sure I dedicate the rest of my life to making this girl smile, being there for her, easing her own burden and caring for her like no one else has or ever will.  To make a long story short, in the end, the universe punished me.  I was attacked, beaten, robbed, incarcerated, awful people created lies and rumors to assassinate my character and integrity; I lost my job and credibility, unable to provide for her, she saw how far I fell and she couldn't be the same person to me when I fell in love with her.  I fought like hell to get back to see her to no avail.  Now I'm alone again thinking there's no end, there's no bottom to the darkness of my life until I follow through with my desire to end it all.  The only person I know who must be feeling as shitty as me if not worse is Melissa Meeks, but hey, you fuck with the bull, you get the horns, right?