I'm going through a really rough spot, and could use some supportHey, all. I'll just give a quick summary of my situation.

I'm a lesbian. My parents are not supportive about it, and have actually pushed me back into the closet. I'm out to my friends and pretty much everyone else around me, but around my parents I have to hide that part of me.

I just graduated from college in May and moved back home for lack of anywhere else to go. I also broke up with my girlfriend right before graduation because I was leaving and we decided not to do long distance. I'm still very much in love with her.

My friend group here has pretty much disappeared. Everyone is either too busy working or has moved away. I spend most of my time at home. I don't have a job, but I want to start tutoring/teaching soon, it's just a matter of getting the motivation to do it.

I have friends, but they're all across the country now. I feel totally isolated here. Yesterday I found out that my ex girlfriend is dating someone new. We haven't talked for a couple of weeks because I just couldn't handle how sad it made me. I told her I was happy for her and that I had gotten my life together, that I was working and had found a friend group here. That lie made me feel like more of a failure.

Last night I could barely stand being alive. I used to think about killing myself all the time in high school; living with my parents was just constant hell. Now I'm back here, going through the hardest breakup I've been through, hiding every emotion from them, because if they find out I've been dating women again, they'll probably kick me out. I just want to die. I don't think I'd do it, but last night I couldn't sleep, I just stayed awake imagining killing myself, thinking of ways, thinking of just making this all stop.

For the rest of my life I'm going to have to deal with my parents and hide my true self from them if I want them in my life. Not to mention this pain of letting this amazing girl get away.... And now picturing her in someone else's arms. And in terms of a career and financial successes... I don't think I'll ever exceed anyone's expectations in that area.

I just need someone to tell me it'll be okay. Because right now, it doesn't feel like it'll ever get better. I just feel like such a failure and disappointment. And I feel bad talking to my college friends about how sad I've been because I don't want to burden them.

Someone, tell me it'll be okay. And if you have a happy thought to put in my head, please do so.

Thanks for reading.