I'm on a major come down from drugs and tonight might be the nightI can't do this anymore. I'm 21 years old, I've struggled with depression a lot of my adult life but have tried my best to hide it. I always tried to be the funny one, making jokes but always avoiding conversation. I can't open up to shit, not even my parents. I Havent had an actually conversation in years.  I'm not going to go into too much detail of my past as I'm only ranting here about the events of the last year or so. 

-Im an ex addict 
-Ive had to hustle to survive from sofa surfing 17 - 20 andliving on my own
-There's a recouring girl in my life (literally the ONLY person ive opened up to in years and care for) 

So anyway, I moved back into my parents, hard substance free for a year and cut down my weed massively. 

I decided to get back into college and got an apprenticeship! Things were starting to look up, I felt alive and my depression was gone. My appetite came back and I dropped down to just over 9 stone (I'm 182cm tall) I went from eating one meal every three days getting geared off my nut to three meals in one day. 

I had a job, I had some friends, I was looking good, feeling good, exercising and went up to 12 stone. 

I came home one day with both my parents sat there "We need to talk to you". Literally the first family conversation we've had since I was about 16. What hit me next was unexpected, my mum had found a lump and as soon as those words came out - I felt empty inside. That night i went out and got back on the drugs, spent over 200 pounds of cocaine and sniffed it by myself in that night, the next morning I new I was about to go back Down a dark hole, and I managed to hold it together over the next few days, didnt do any more as not only did I not Want to get hooked again and I wanted to be there for my mum and stick at my job - wanting to get somewhere in life. 

Fast forward a week and I wake up to get ready for work and my boss just doesn't show up. I try ringing him and nothing no answer. I lost my job and my college place. For the second time in my life my life's been flipped upside down in a short space of time 

Fast forward to tonight 
I'm at a party fucked off my nut, I'm probably feeling about 5 different substances. I looked a complete mess, I've lost all my weight again. Anyway, yeah, I'm chilling at this party sessioning on and a girls caught my entire from the corner of my eye, I've approached her and tapped shoulder. I proceeded to talk at her for at a billion miles an hour with pupils the size of a fucking kinder egg only to realise who it is. The girl I've been trying to get with for ages, someone who's helped me through my dark times and got me back off my feet. The look on her face made me want to die I asked her if she was going and she said she wasn't . This is why I don't let people in, I only hurt them. She made me leave the party early with her. She's told me to never contact her and blah blah blah.

Now I'm sat in bed, the girl of my dreams crying in bed alone, my mum fighting cancer and I can't even fight an addiction 

Should I just off myself? 