No one cares about me. I feel like I shouldn't care about myself either; it's happening now.Reddit, I feel worthless. 

I've been trying for the past 3 years to get better and all I've managed to do is go to a doctor to get help with my weight and accidentally discovered with Phentermine that I have ADD (according to my doctor.) I lack believing in myself, and even generally believing anything I think. My parents made me grow up too fast, my siblings reminded me everyday that I'm worthless because I'm ugly and fat and people don't like fat ugly people, and I've accomplished to attract friendships with people who end up taking advantage of me. 

All Phentermine has done is make me lose weight and give me clarity on my problems. I hate being able to see my problems and also realizing I really can't do a thing about them. It makes me depressed and realize that no matter how much a person tells me they care they actually don't; they pretend to care so they don't realize how shitty they are. 

Am I that much of a waste of space that no one bothers to see that I'm a human being? Why am I worthless? Why can't someone just love me because they care about me getting better for the sake of my life and not for theirs? I've been trying to do so much to be happy, just to end up seeing my problems and just can't help but to feel worthless and that I really just need to disappear. That I don't need to really live because if I try to live my life, have interests, dreams, goals, fears etc there is always someone there to tell me they dont like it, it inconvenient to them, that I'll fail, I'll make too many problems, that its not realistic, it's not practical enough. I just want to feel secure about my desires for once, but I think I've reached a point where I've given up having desires that living feels pointless. 

Why do people care enough to bring me down? I just want to live my life happily. I just want someone to be happy and supportive for me. I just want someone to hold me and let me get lose. 

I'm tired of feeling like people are constantly giving me a standard. 

I don't want a standard, I want to be happy, and if I need to have a standard why live my life anymore?