Graduation is going to be hell.17, male here, about to finish school tomorrow.



The title says it all. You might be wondering, "but hey, how can such a positive and life-changing thing be so negative to you? You'll finally be able to seek and job and-"





No. It's not just that. At least for me it isn't.



For me, when something I personally find dull and insignificant, especially when it comes to the academics field, gets so hyped up, it's usually a bad sign. It signifies that more demanding from me will come soon, because this WILL mean I'll get even more shit for not desiring to go to the overrated shitfest that is college, and everyone will contemplate me for something I just can't see the value on, and since I'm not able to express myself properly in real life, I might come off as rude and disrespectful if I tell them it's no big deal for me. And this is the pandemonium I expect to be unleashed upon me starting from tomorrow, ending God knows when. 



I'm tired of being praised for being what I'm not and being condemned for being what I am. It's like I don't exist as an individual for my family. I'm just there for their entertainment, to be their bragging material, to fulfill their wishes just for the sake of it. I've been abused, ridiculed and shamed for trying to get out of this constant cycle. As long as I'm their punching bag, it's good for them. And this is no exception. I want to have more meaningful achievements in life, something more fulfilling than graduating from an institution I was forced to go through and gave me way more shit than I can handle. But for my superficial-minded family, this is one of the highest you can go. Maybe even more than finally getting my ass to work, as I've been wanting for so long, and actually do something for society.



If tomorrow is as bad as I think it will be, I just hope I don't lose my mind in the process. As much as I want to just end it all sometimes, I at least hope that this post isn't going to be my suicide note. I just want to do something I feel accomplished about, and not have such mentally draining stuff like this as a huge chunk of my legacy.