Dont think I was meant to be a mom, maybe I'll kill myself insteadSince having my baby in January I've been increasingly depressed, angry, and anxious. I know its probably PPD and PPA but to be fucking honest, I dont care WHAT it is. All I know is I want it to stop. I dont enjoy being a mother. I got pregnant at 19. Just recently had my 21st bday. So I'm a young mom. I kept the baby because I thought I was going to be a good mom. I've worked at daycares. I've always been good w kids. I always wanted to be a mother. And I LOVE my baby, with all my heart, but I'm just not a good mom. I hate not being able to do anything anymore. Always broke. Cant even shit on my own time. I dont sleep. My baby is 9 mo old and still wakes up up to 8 times a night. I dont like my appearance. I don't like sitting home all day. I dont like the sound of my baby crying. I don't like changing 10000 diapers a day. I don't like not being able to do ANYTHING when I want to. I miss independence. Freedom. Having a personality other than tired and stressed. Friends. Going out. Relaxing. Having goals and hopes for my future. Lmao, all the goals I had are gone now. Cant go to college when all your money is being spent on formula. Cant go to college when you dont have a babysitter. Cant get a good job without college. Etc etc etc. I'll amount to nothing more than a mother now. And for some people that's enough. But I feel like I may as well be 50 already, just say bye to any semblance of youth i have. I don't think its right to my daughter to have a mom who doesnt wanna be here. I don't think it's fair to my boyfriend to have to deal with me. I will NEVER be happy away from her so leaving and starting over isnt an option. Cant undo my baby in my brain. But I will never be happy doing this either. I just want to quit. I want to die. I want her to have a better mom. I want her to not see anger from her mother. I want to not be conscious or aware anymore. I want to cease to be. But I'm terrified I'll do it and get stuck on the other side watching her from afar. If I knew 100 percent death meant emptiness and conciousness death, I'd have done it long before now. And I've struggled w depression, bi polar, borderline personality, my whole life. I don't see it getting better. Just worse. So why stick around?