Don't Know What to Do AnymoreHi Reddit. I'm 18 years old and I dropped out of school a while back. Almost 4 years now. Every day I woke up to get ready I wanted to kill myself. I eventually ended up back in school after the first time I dropped out and I was doing very well for myself. My grades were B+ to A's, had a decent group of friends I knew from middle school, but I was still single and felt very, very alone.

Near the end of the semester I ended up going to court for truancy because my depression and anxiety finally drowned out whatever logic and happiness I mustered allowing myself to get out of bed. I stopped giving a shit. My grades in Math, (which I have a good amount of trouble with, but I had B+ in) plummeted and my teacher grew suspicious, he knew it wasn't like me. I ended up passing all of my final exams but Geometry, but due to my truancy all of my credits were revoked. I wanted to die. I gave up right then and there, I fucked myself over. All of my hard work for those 5 months, gone. Kaput. 

After wasting away for another 2 years here I am again. I'm planning on getting a GED soon and trying to attend college. Sadly, the depression is kicking in again in full throttle and it's killing me. I've cried myself to sleep for nearly a week and I'm not sure what to do anymore. I snapped today when I came home from work because my family wouldn't allow me to turn the A.C. on. I get very upset when I'm hot, (anything over 80 kills me, and I work over a 450 degree grill all day with practically air-tight clothing, so forgive me if I would like to cool down at home) and I raged pretty hard. 

I don't really get that angry in reality, I'm a pretty nice guy, most people I meet love me for my fairly upbeat personality, if only they knew the irony lol. After reading up on Bi-Polar disorder I'd really like to try and get checked out. If not that, severe depression. It's ruining my near-meaningless existence for a life and I'm sick of it. 
Is there somewhere in North-East Texas I can seek help for cheap? I was told by a very kind private practice doctor 2 years ago, (he offers $30 visits, really a blessing for the people around the area) that I'm not going to find a psychiatrist for as little as I make, and he couldn't personally help me. (Only direct me to an urgent care facility if I was feeling suicidal, who would just discharge me in around 3 days anyway.)

When I'm like this I'm fairly suicidal. I mean, I don't think I could ever really do it, but if you offered me a sure-fire way of ending my misery without excruciating pain/ending up retarded or inept, I wouldn't exactly say no. 

I don't want to die /r/, I merely seek help. I don't have a lot of money, my mother's money is completely tied up in bills/food/etc and I'm way too afraid of asking any of my family for money as I'm not sure many of them would understand. 

Help me?