"Birthday Blues"Sorry if this might be a little long.  
  
I'm so fucking tired. Today was my 23rd birthday. I think I've cried every year on my birthday for AT LEAST the past 13 years. I also remember being incredibly depressed on maybe my 4th or 5th birthday.  
I kinda thought I'd be dead by now, or at least better. But better isn't an option for me.  
Life use to be sort of doable because there was the idea that I could get better and help is out there. However, I kinda know that's not true now. I spent all my savings on insurance, meds, and doctors visits. I no longer have insurance because there's no possible way I can afford it.  
I reached out to my mom and told her that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and she sort of didn't believe me? She believes I have depression and sort of gave me this "you were born broken" speech because my family essentially has the luck of the Kennedys. (My entire family is dead except my parents and there's been a ton of suicides.)    
Whatever. I still have bipolar disorder and I still want to fucking die almost every waking hour of my life.  
My mom didn't even text me happy birthday today. She didn't mention it at all. I thought about texting her, "sorry I made you fat 23 years ago."  
Anyways, I live in Texas where help doesn't really exist and I have no clue what to do. I guess I either have to graduate and get a decent job or maybe finally make a real attempt and wind up in the hospital for my parents to care.  
  
I'm also really upset with my friends. I'm a problem drinker because I use to not drink, but I got so much shit for it from everyone that I gave in. I'm pretty bad binge drinker, although it seems like I drink about as much as my friends, I just don't handle it as well because guess what? Alcohol is a depressant. I usually get pretty sad and then everyone gets pissed at me. There have been upwards of four times they've almost called 911 because I was so suicidal and drunk.  
  
I guess this makes them think it's okay to joke about me because the other night they were like, "Hey, don't get Carly (not really my name) level of drunk tonight!" in front of this guy I use to like and his roommate. The guys were kinda like what? Then when we were walking to their frat one of our friends was like "I switched high schools because I was so suicidal!"  
and I joked, "now who's a Carly level of drunk?"  
to which another friend replied, "Okay, but you don't take your meds and you were manic for the entirety of our trip to New Orleans earlier this month."  
Then a bunch of the brothers were really like WTF?  
I explained to my friend that what she said was really not okay and she said she was projecting about her anxiety meds, but honestly that's nothing compared to not being able to afford my antipsychotics.  
Also apparently I depress all the brothers at AEPi lmaooooo.  
Then tonight another friend gave me a Carrie Fisher book for my birthday and it made me so sad. I was already sad, but it was just sort of an "oh! she's bipolar too!" gift.  
  
I'm tired of being the mentally ill friend. I'm tired of feeling so lonely all the time and I can't really talk to anyone because they've already written me off as this hard to deal with weird sad person. I'm tired of being that person. I'm tired of being so lonely that my birthday dinner is a pain to everyone because they don't actually want to go. I'm tired of my parents not caring about me. The only creature that ever cared about me was my cat and the woman watching my parents' house while they were on vacation let him out. I had him since I was nine. He's been my only friend.   
I can't deal with this level of loneliness. I can't deal with being a burden to everyone around me. It does not get better. I tried to get better, but the resources aren't there. I'm so sad and honestly all I can think about is hurting myself, but also I know that would make me even more of a burden.  
  
I don't know what to do anymore and I thought I'd be dead by now.  
*party blower noise*