dunnolike everyone else here, I really, really want to die. I've felt this way for years and years and have never gotten to the point of attempt bc I am a pussy and am afraid of failing like I do in literally every other aspect of life. I also can't bare to think of my death negatively affecting others' lives. logically, I know that it will. it would break my mom's heart, as well as deeply sadden my siblings. people that I have been friends with in the past will likely be sad, though I do believe it would be mostly for selfish reasons. what it all boils down to, though, is that I am so extremely unhappy with myself and I don't think I can change. Im fat and ugly and gross and I don't have the energy or motivation to improve it. im not good at anything and, again, can't muster up the energy to hone new skills or anything. all I do is sleep and eat and go to work because I absolutely have to. I don't have any close friends or relationships at all, even with family, because there's nothing about me that makes anyone want to be a part of my life. I don't blame them, but it hurts so, so badly anyway. Ive tried therapy and all of the therapists I've talked to don't take me seriously/I can't be honest about how absolutely, desperately sad and alone I feel. i can't finish my degree, I can't even sign up for classes because I can't meet deadlines to enroll or pay for them, don't have the money to pay for them anyway and don't ha e good enough credit for loans. even my cat likes my roommates more than me. I'm a sad, disgusting, ugly horrible excuse for a person and I don't deserve to be alive, nor do I want to me. I don't want to let anyone down by not showing up for work, and I don't want people to take the time out of their lives to look for me or mour  my absesense, but I want to run away and kill myself somewhete.remote so, so badly. I want to do it tomorrow after work, but I probably won't muster up the courage. instead, I'll go home, lay in my filthy room, drink  and pathetically salk my exes social medias &amp; cry until I fall asleep and have to start all over. 

all I want is to enjoy things again. I want to be clean and organized. I want to play guitar and write music and poetry and sing bad covers of songs I like. I want to learn things and be intelligent and remember the information I've learned so I can twll others about it. I want todraw and paint and be creative and create things that make me proud. I want to be able to talk to people about things we both enjoy and form connections and be a good friend and have people that love and care for me. it's all I've ever wanted, and I want it so badly, but I just can't do it and I don't know why. I've felt this way for so fucking long, I've gotten to appoint where I genuinely don't think I can ever be the person I'd like to be. what is the point. of staying alive if I'm miserable and useless? what is the fucking point anymore?