I don't have the energy for a suicide letter, so I guess this is more just the envelopeI ran long distance as a kid, so i'm not sure how translatable this metaphor will be, but it's the best i've got. When you run the first kilometre everything is easy, your new to this, your hardly sweating; your breath doesn't yet catch in your lungs - it's easy enough. By the tenth this is different, you're doing the same thing, one foot in front of the other, except this act is so much harder; with the same thing being true of the 15th and 20th kilometre.   


I think i have better coping mechanisms then when i was a child and still mentally ill. In many quantifiable ways i've made improvements. And yet in so many more ways that doesn't matter; because it's the sheer fact that i'm still running that is making this all so much harder. In reality i have nothing left to give anymore. I turned twenty this year, and finally realised that i'm not a kid, that i'm at that point in my life where I should be happy, and again, i'm not. Every year that i'm still sad, running that kilometre is so much harder; I don't have to be sadder to be more suicidal, I just have to be more exhausted.   


I've made this mistake 100 times by now, i live my life in daydreams-turned-goals, achieve my goals, and ultimately still turn up empty. I have everything I could want in my life right now, I have the love of my life, I have the best friends I could possibly ask for. I go to the best uni in my country - along with a series of other ultimately trivial, but society-endorsed, accomplishments. But, every night when i lie in bed, I just feel in pain. Skin-burning, heart aching, stomach dropping pain. At the moment i'm trying being conventionally attractive, i've decided, or some part of my brain has decided, that if i'm beautiful i'll be happy - that if i get my 6 pack back, if i dye my hair blonde, and clear my skin, finally my life will have all the quixotism of the movies. Everything will be overly saturated like a bad instagram filter, and when I laugh happiness will radiate through me, and all of a sudden, my life, with all of its previous sadness, will all have been worth it.   


Intellectually I know from expirience that even if i achieve this goal it won't matter, that i hate myself much deeper than how i look on my surface. I think part of my brain is trying to latch onto this idea, where shallow beauty = happiness, because it gives me hope, and if i have hope, there's a reason not to kill myself. But, it's becoming harder to lie to myself, harder to pretend that I know what will make me happy. It all hurts so much now. The truth is i don't kill myself because I have so many people that I love, and in the ultimate irony, the voice that tells me to hate myself is the same one that tells me I can't do that to those people. But my resolve not to is wearing thin.   


I'm honestly just so tired. Mental illness is obviously so much more complex than just that sentiment, but honestly i think it's the closest i've got to truly summing up how i feel. I can recount every emotion, every childhood trauma, or down in my life, but at the end of the day the closest I will get to expressing how I feel right now is tired. I'm so tired of being in pain, i'm so tired of being sad, and mostly i'm just so tired of waiting to be happy. I'm so, so tired of waiting.