Getting Some Things Off of My Chest...This is going to be long, probably longer than I'm planning on as I start to write it up. I don't want to give out too much of my life story for privacy reasons, but here's the important bits as a preface: My parents died when I was young. I've been largely alone since then. I dropped out of high school at 16, after my dad died. Mom was already dead by then. Never received my GED or went to college. Since then, I haven't really had a lot of opportunities, but I'm mostly making ends meet. None of this bothered me. I'm 27 now, and I'm realizing that things are starting to bother me, but not for the obvious reasons.

From the time that I was 18 until I was around 22, I was heavily into drugs and booze. At one point I was sniffing 300+ mg of oxy per day, smoking an ounce of weed in a few days, and drinking heavily as well. I smoked 2-3 packs of cigarettes per day. I was always very cautious and had a heavy tolerance, so I never had any lasting medical issues that I'm aware of yet as a result of my lifestyle. This was a contributing factor to my current situation, however, since I squandered the vast portion of my father's life insurance payout that I received at 18 on that lifestyle. Like everything else, I'm not very regretful about it because nobody was around to stop me or tell me that I was making a mistake. I was alone and made bad decisions on my own and moved past them on my own. Nevertheless, the current financial state I'm in is a daily reminder of how stupid I'd been. I am currently clean and have not smoked, snorted, sniffed, injected, or otherwise ingested anything but the occasional cold/sinus medication for its prescribed uses since I was 22.

I'm currently in a work situation that's draining my will to live. I won't give out too much, because I don't want to leave anything identifiable in this post, but I'm an insurance agent writing commercial and personal lines property &amp; casualty. I'm also a title agent at the same office, meaning I process OMV work like registrations and drivers license renewals. We're a very small, very busy office. I'm literally the only person in the office who handles the commercial and title business, plus all of the stuff the owner comes up with. the owner wants to open a driving school, he wants to open a second title office, he wants me to get a notary license. No further financial incentive is ever offered to me to take on more responsibilities, so I refuse to do such. This is a constant area of contention in my employment.

I don't make a lot of money doing any of the things I already do, but because I'm poor and don't own my own vehicle (I live in an area with *no* public transit, not even taxi service), I'm virtually stuck in this position. He currently rents a vehicle to me at a rate that I'm embarrassed to disclose (it's the only opportunity I've had to get a vehicle since my credit is abysmal and I don't make enough money to save a tangible amount each check) and I live in an apartment that he also owns. It's a story worthy of its own thread as for how I ended up in such a shitty predicament, but I consider that irrelevant for the time being since there's not much that I can do to change it right now.

The constant workload, the unbelievably rude clients I deal with, the unrealistic expectations, and the absolute unwillingness for the owner to give me a raise are all contributing to issues I've been aware of my entire life that I've mostly dealt with. Nonetheless, I don't want anyone to think that work is the sole contributing factor that has lead me to compose this post.

Instead, as I'm grinding away every day I'm coming to realize the bigger issue is that I've been totally void of emotions for as long as I can remember. Even as a child, I don't recall a lot of happiness. That's not to say that I was or am sad, I just don't have any feelings at all. I get frustrated with my job from time to time, but I consider that more of a reaction than an emotion.

I've talked to psychiatrists before and been diagnosed with depression. I think that's an obvious but not necessarily accurate diagnosis. The reason why I'm willing to contest that diagnosis is that I can never remember *not* being "depressed" (if that's what it is). The closest I've ever come to eliminating this negativity from my life was the period of time when I'd first started using opiates.

Rather than being hit with these thoughts years ago when my parents actually died, when my life had started to decline before I was even aware of such a thing, it seems like things are just now catching up to me. I find it hard not to despair over what I feel like is essentially the "unfairness" of it all. I feel like I've been denied a chance at a normal life before I was even old enough to appreciate what that means. Instead, I have virtually no family left, I was relocated far away from my friends after my father died and I never really found it in me to find new ones. I have no financial means anymore, so I spend most of my time alone reading, working, or in thought.

Where I start to despair is that as I'm getting older, I'm becoming more aware of *how* abnormal my life is. I've started to recognize that I'm missing things that I'm currently powerless to do anything about, or can't do anything about, and I don't see it ever changing significantly. I'd have liked to have a normal family, a family of my own, to have gone to school, and enjoyed a real career. I faked my way into taking the insurance licensing exam and getting a job slightly better than working retail, but it's nowhere near where I'd pictured myself as a kid.

I've brought this up to a few people over time and been fed the same platitudes about "there's still time" and "it's never too late", but the reality is that it *is*. I don't have the time or means to correct the mistakes I made in the past. I don't have the support network that people with more ordinary lives, the people who surround me every day, take for granted when they accomplish things like going to college.

When I sit and think about the wasted potential that I am, I am disgusted. When I look at all that was lost or taken from me, I am miserable. When I see what I could have been in people around me, I feel even worse. The worst part of all is looking back at the monumental effort that it took just to get this far, and then I realize I don't have very much to show for it.

There are many times I've thought about suicide. In fact, I'd say it dominates my thoughts. At the end of the day though, I'm more afraid of the unknown than I am with being alive and miserable. It's that conflict that eats me up, because I don't want to live but I am too much of a coward to die.

I'm sorry if this becomes increasingly scattered the longer you read; it's a very strange subject to discuss openly and I'm having a difficult time keeping my thoughts organized. It's a strange thing to write out these thoughts because that gives them a certain gravity which they lack inside of your own head. Please don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions.

Thanks for reading.