The images of my parents and boyfriend crying hurts just as much as livingIm so tired of not knowing whats wrong with me. Every day i try so hard to be the best i can be but none of it matters. i know my worries are irrational, i know i worry too much, i know i cry too much, but what more can i do? I've gone to get help but i cant stick through it, ive asked my parents for counseling but they dont believe my pain. Im scared to talk about my serious deprsesion with my boyfriend because he lost his mother this way. I've been bullied my whole life, i've been called annoying by my family, i've been called annoying by the school children for years. Now im an adult, and none of it has changed. Friends come and go, of course thats a normal part of a life but the demons inside of me say that its because of me, that its only logical everyone will disappear. All of this unresolved pain and insecurity is eating me from the inside out. For years i thought it would get better, but it only gets worse.I'm so close to giving up on everything, so close. I dont know where else to go, i dont know what else to do. I will never change, i will never be less annoying. I havent seriously gone out and made friends for about 2 years, i have completely isolated myself. I annoy my boyfriend for no reason, i love him so much i love him with all my existence but it hurts too much burdening him. I dont know what i do wrong i dont know why everyone around me hates me. Im so scacred to be alone, because i know eventually i will give up for good. If i had psychic powers none of this would happen. Even when i ask for understanding and communication so i can not cause fights, i end up causing fights. I'm hysterical right now. I have never sobbed so hard in my life, i cant stop shaking i cant stop coughing from all of the mucus that is building up in my nose and in my lungs. This post is nothing but rambling. I have no where , no one. No one believes my utterly unbearable pain. I feel like my heart is being stabbed and squished everyday. I hate myself. I spent the whole day contemplating if i should just jump in front of traffic already, but the images of my mom and dad and boyfriend crying hurts just as much as living.