A lot ...It’s hard for me... I’ve wanted to die since and was suicidal at an age where I couldn’t comprehend what that was. It was somewhat dormant for awhile I think but honestly don’t have a very constructive or cohmlrehensice memory of my past and almost 0 memory of times I was around my father until I was in middle school when my beliefs on who my family was began to get more disrupted. That’s when they started to get really bad.. when people were hurting me I guess I could handle it better but around that time I realized I had mistakenly hurt someone close to me for my whole life an even though I thought I was already bad finding out I had wrongly “deciplend” someone my whole life based on false information pretty much destroyed me. That’s when things started hitting the fan ...after realizing  it was already to late to fix the one relationship I had with the person I hurt and they openly told and showed me that I wouldn’t/ couldn’t be apart of there life anymore at that time I had no reason to care about hurting anyone ... I dove into my suicidal thoughts without a second glance ..I attempted many times without anyone finding out... I don’t know why I have never been successful...maybe because I was to ignorant about tackticks .. or really because all I wanted was to be saved. By the time I had my first childhood hospitalizeation due to my upset grandmother who called the cops on me and wanted to control / punish me for haveing an argument over unrelated issues at 14 I thought at that time in my life that the greatest punishment for myself was to die by killing myself because I still had thoughts in the back of my mind that by doing this my previous teaching was that would be the end of it all that I would not exsist ever again that I would never be in a “paradise” that god could never judge my heart after committing this sin of suicide that was unforgivable. Yes the hospital did begin my journey of exposeing me to mental heath knowledge and improvement ,as  I have grown and changed and got older I have formed more conchret thoughts in life. And although I want to get better with all my heart and be healthy ...when i start/ do feel suicidal my current belief is the greatest punishment I could give myself is to live... to continue to exsist to make myself live with the things I have done and life and counting to punish myself any way possible whilst I’m here. So yes I truelly feel suicidal all the time and often on the brink of committing whilst also not wanting to because I know that would be the wrong thing to do mental health wise to get better... in the end I often don’t fallow through because I feel like I deserve the pain of living with what I’ve done 