06-21-1989 - 10-28-2019What do you do when there is nothing left to say? I have deduced that the only answer is to check out early. I could name the laundry list of reasons, like financial burden, emotional burden, being manipulative, vindictive. And codependent but I don’t think I need to. I’ve been clean from heroin since 2017. I think when I get paid Monday, I’m going to have a little relapse...My s/o decided that a little break would be for the best for the relationship because I have admittedly gone off the god damn tracks. I know she will be angry as hell at first, but I hope that in time she will see that I did it for her benefit, along with my family’s

I’ll get a hotel room, with an eight ball of dope, and I won’t leave a letter because I want them to think it was accidental. I can NOT have them know that I did it on purpose ... then again I guess it really won’t matter by then will it?
I know I’m a pussy, so I’m going to take the rest of my script of klonopin along with some liquid courage to get the balls to do it.
I’ve done it once before, so I know I have it in me to do it again. Only this time no one is going to break down my bedroom door to hit me with narcan in time.

I’m 30, and a child. I had everything given to me in life I could have ever wanted. I met an amazing woman in June who has shown me what it means to truly love yourself and share that love with another. I physically can not break up with her, I just can’t. And she is insisting on this break. I am about to get fired from my shit job at a pizza place. Things were going good. Things really started to look up. But I’m mentally unstable and my illness has reared its head again, and it’s worse than ever before and I no longer have health insurance for an emergency therapist visit. 

Trust me, this is for the best. Don’t try to talk me out of it. I am doing it. 

Why did I write all of this down?
I don’t know..maybe one day months from now she will look at my reddit profile and read this. If you do, just know that I am sorry. You are going to meet the right person...one day...and be the absolute perfect fit for them. And he won’t be crazy. Lol.
I make her miserable. I am dragging her down with me and bless her heart she actually LOVES ME so much that she isn’t letting go of the anchor (me)
Since I’m too much of a coward to end it, then I’m going to do what I do best. Get really fucking high. So high I end up in the ground. 

Fuck man, I was really excited about Halloween and spending thanksgiving and Christmas with her ...
C’est la vie
Touch your nose
I love you



👍😎🖖🏻 it’s  been real and it’s been fun but it ain’t been real fun.