I'm too young to be here, but I'm here anyways.I'm a teenager, somewhere between the ages of 15 and 18. And I've been depressed for well over half of my short life. I've been seriously considering suicide since around November, and tonight I've decided to look into it more. Here's why:

I'm a gay teenager. I suppose being gay is less trouble now than before, but it still means that I'll have less dating options, compounded with the fact that I'm not white, which I've already figured out is a deal-breaker for a significant amount of people. Yes, I'm aware that I will still likely find someone, and I already may have in fact, but the problem remains, because no teenage relationship is permanent. It's also worth noting that I don't have any friends close enough to open up to, and so I "need" a boyfriend who I can be open to, if a teenager can even justify "needing" a relationship. Because as much as you guys are great, I'd rather talk to someone I love than use a burner account on a VPN and Tor. Why am I using a VPN and Tor, you ask? Next reason.

I'm probably a pedophile. When I was younger, I vowed to take myself out if I turned out to be like "one of them". What a shitty surprise. I've noticed that I've been looking at older children's  to preteens faces and butts and am sexually aroused by the thought of sleeping with one, although I'm also disgusted by that. I have never watched actual child porn, although a temptation exists. I am in a degree of denial, however, because of that moral disgust and also because I'm attracted to people my own age. What I'm afraid of is that the people I'm attracted to will stay the same age. In that case the likelihood of suicide goes up from the current 40% to about 75%, if we're being scientific. But strangely enough, I'm not worried most about that, I'm more worried about my loneliness than the fact that I've probably got a brain that's similar to that of some sick fuck that gets his jollies off on torturing kids. Perhaps I should be more worried. And no, I will not be getting therapy for this, I'd rather be dead than spend life behind bars for a mental illness I have zero intent to act on. I swear, I'm relatively normal outside of this, I have superficial friends, I don't bring my teddy bear to school, I don't wear a fedora and have a five-o-clock shadow. But I'm not sure if I can live with this, regardless of if I should or not.

Finally, there's the fact that my depression's not going away. At this point, my brain is ruined and I'm not sure I can handle genuine contentedness in life, nor am I able to achieve it. I've been on multiple different medicines, had different types of therapies, and nothing is working to fix me. Another beautiful thing is that even if I am fixed, I'm still broken.

Typing this all out has taken away some of my fears of suicide. I still don't have the courage to do it now, but maybe that will come. Like many depressed people, I don't really want to die, but increasingly it seems like the best option. I'm a man of science, and unfortunately there's no scientific ways to fall in love and, well, not be a pedophile. So this is what I'm left with. I see that "the main rule is 'Please don't be explicit about methods'" so I won't. I'll just say that I found some good drugs from a seemingly reputable and reliable online source, and it's just a matter of saving up pennies and courage.