First world problems amitriteHaha I wanna die.

For the past hour I've been wrestling with myself whether or not to attempt suicide, and in the end I just ended up here, to vent. 
~
I mean today started off bad and honestly I should a just slept all day. I woke up chilly even tho the room was like 85 degrees and had a stomach ache my throat was scratchy and I generally felt ill. My dad yelled at me to wake up for school and I said to call in sick. Also I was feeling kind of depressed yesterday and it carried over do even if I wasnt sick I woulda taken today off as I'm a second semester senior and honestly done with school. Anyways my dad starts throwing a tantrum, slamming doors and saying why do you even bother going to school. And honestly hes right. My grades are pretty sub par and the only thing that stops me from failing are my test grades, and I kinda feel like that I wronged him somehow. I try to block out the noise with some music and headphones and eventually he leaves. Later I force myself to eat some ramen and go into my laptop to finish some history IDs and English essay. Probably the first time I considered doing them all year honestly as the counselor said I should try to complete them and get back into the swing of things.  And I find that he changed the wifi password. So I kinda do nothing for 15 minutes as I dont like calling him and then I find the courage to call him. And I say that can you unblock the CPU so I can do homework today? And he says to give him 30 minutes and hangs up. Then he calls back and says that why I'm doing hw today and he says that I should a done it on the weekend and that I'm a liar. And in the middle of explaining a day b days he hangs up and I'm infuriated. This fucking hypocrite just cuts me off mid sentence calls me a liar lazy trash. Like I get it already I'm human garbage but like I hate myself enough already. I've already told him I was depressed and and also sometimes suicidal but that's besides the point. The angrier I got the more depressed I got till I got a glass and poured myself some bleach, but not before trashing my room punching my mirror (and probably injuring my hand) and kicking a small hole in the wall. And I write an unfinished suicide note before stopping myself:

I honestly wanted to work on homework but if that's what you think that's fine. Just know that every day I contemplate whether or not I should kill myself and everyday I think I'm the most worthless human being to ever exist on the planet. There's no one I hate more than myself. You always brush it off and insult me afterwards and I take it. I tell the truth you call me a liar. I call out and you dont listen. I'm sick of living. I'm sick of being alive. Everything I do is wrong. I cant't ever do anything right.

And start feeling pit freezing pit of despair within my chest. I feel like a horrible person for wanting to die. I feel like the trashiest trash for not liking the middle class life. Like people would kill to be me and yet I'm here about to throw it away. Like I know people will say that suicide is selfish or that other people will be hurt or that I should be grateful but DO YOUBREALLY THINK I GAVE A DAMN ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW?? LIKE HOLY SHIT SHUT UP AND LISTEN FOR 30 FUCKING SECONDS YOU SELF CENTERED SELF RIGHTOUS SELF PROCLAIMED SAVIOR OF HUMANITY. I DONT   WANNA HEAR IT. WHY CANT YOU PEOPLE LISTEN THERES A REASON WHY MY SISTER AND MY MOM LEFT YOU AND THE ONLY PERSON WHO LIVES WITH YOU WANTS TO DIE And I would live for my mom but while I was sleeping in over the summer while I was visiting her in LA she barged in and said "you're lazy and no one in the family loves you" Every time I remember it it gets worse but I'm pretty sure she said at least that because my sister remembers she said something like that. And now thinking about it I just wanted to commit suicide to prove horrible of a parent both of them were and that's a pretty lame way to go haha. 
~
Now that I've written everything out I feel kinda better. Thanks for reading and hopefully you'll have a better day than I did. Hopefully I can finish some of my homework b4 sleeping for the rest of today.
