"permanent solution to a temporary problem" my assi dont really know anyone else to turn to so like. this is where my depression has got me. reddit, of all places. cant wait for insults and such. anyway.

im currently 17 years old and ive been depressed since i was in middle school, around 12-13 years old. it wasnt as intense, but i didnt know i was depressed, so handling these thoughts at such a young age was. yeah, it was a lot. ive been planning to commit suicide as soon as i started high school and i chose my 18th birthday as the date of my death (december 8th, just a few months left). but i guess youre wondering why i have taken this decision. i guess ill sum up my life to you.

i come from an extremely toxic family. my father is a narcissistic, xenophobe and lgbtphobic dick, who always gets the last word in every argument. my mother is completely dependant on him economically speaking (shes a teacher while hes a doctor, so his income is much higher than hers) and this is the only reason they stay together aside from some occasional sex: they cant stand each other. i know my mother is also a victim and shes probably depressed too since she often expresses the wish to "go to sleep and never wake up", but i resent her for subjecting me and my siblings to this pain for years instead of leaving him. on top of that, shes also a bigot, though less radical than my father and sister, and picks favorites between her children. ive always been her favorite and although that might seem nice, it really isnt.

as a kid, i had very high grades, to the point that school seemed boring and that my teachers often said that i could skip a grade with little consequences. things started to change in middle schools, where not only i was ostracized by my classmates for my looks and my passions (im really into animation), but where i also started showing signs of neurodivergence. studying became an impossible task and connecting with my peers was out of the picture. i couldnt figure out exactly what it was, but i am now 100% confident that i have adhd. id like to get a professional diagnosis, but its not possible. i tried to bring this up to my parents, but i broke down in the process so they didnt take me seriously and dismissed it as "low self confidence issues" and "hypersensitivity". youd think my dad, as a doctor, would at least try to understand. oh well.

as for my siblings, i have two: a sister whos a self-declared fascist (she once said that jewish people actually kept money all for themselves. i wish i was kidding) and a little brother, the only relative i actually care about. were really close, but his friends are kind of assholes and i fear he'll become just like my father and start supporting alt right beliefs. this really scares me: im a closeted trans mlm. i already know that my parents would kick me out if they knew and that my sister would probably spit on me at the very least, but i truly have no idea how hes react if i came out to him. i have had a bad experience with coming out in the past and i dont want to repeat it.

adhd wont go away and neither will my problems. the only solution is suicide. a permanent solution for permanent problems.