Every guardrail I pass is an invitation.I don't know what to do with myself anymore.

For as long as I can remember, I've lacked the motivation to do anything to better myself. Almost failed out of high school, didn't care. Worked dead end jobs, got into a car accident, quit my job, decided to go to college. Didn't care. I had a few passions (singing and professional gaming) but those are pipe dreams and they didn't work out, and honestly they didn't even make me happy while doing them; I just got depressed because I wasn't good enough.

This lack of motivation has been my entire life, and is probably the main reason I constantly contemplate killing myself.

On top of it all, I had to push away two of the best friends in my life (one of those relationships irrevocably damaged) to be with somebody who I've fallen deeply in love with (love? or maybe just obsessed, or maybe just after 3 years of not being with anybody somebody finally wanted me and I'm clinging to that). I was motivated because of this person, I felt like there was a reason to better myself. But then, due to my lack of motivation, paranoia that I wasn't good enough in all aspects of the relationship -- sexually being a big one here --, and (supposedly) some of her own mental problems, she broke up with me.

We tried to be friends, but she immediately insisted that I get over it, and in a desperate attempt to hold on to what relationship we had left, I just lied to her about how I felt.

Tonight she found out I had talked to somebody she knew about how I really felt about it, insisted that she wanted nothing to do with me (which I encouraged after our breakup because I knew this would happen), told me she wanted to help me, wherein I promptly told her to stay the fuck away from me.

I don't know what to do. I contemplate how I could kill myself with just about everything I see. I drove towards a guard rail on my way back from giving her her apartment key back tonight, but decided I shouldn't crash my mother's car. I quit my job immediately after that, because we work for the same company. 

I don't even want to get better. I don't want to talk to a therapist, I'd just lie. I hate nearly everything about me, but I simply don't care enough to do anything about it.