Reading the rules of posting on here is the first time I felt cared for."Please know that we do want to talk to you." Made me break out into tears. Tonight had made me realize a lot of things. 
 I'm only 18, and I feel like I'm at the end of my rope tonight. 
My sister is in the other room happy, talking to her friends, just content. And I'm here. Sobbing at words I've never read, or heard, not once. Personally I've made it a goal to have everyone hear it, that they're heard, that their words mean something even if no one hears them.... it's such a small thing but it matters to hear those words. 
I'm not loved, by anyone, and I know that I'm very privileged to be even living in a house with family members. But my mom has said it herself, I was never meant to be born. My sister has said she wished our other sister was her only sibling. 
Never have i said anything like that to them, however, although that shouldnt be praised. It shouldnt even be something i bring up, yknow? 
Our oldest sister disowned me for moving out instead of living with her, my biological father disowned me too, so yknow maybe theres a reason? Maybe I am just not a good person, and I can see where they're coming from in those opinions, they have every right to think them and express them. 
I feel as though I'm rambling, here, but I do not know where else to go. 
I dont have friends. At all, I have coworkers who say they're my friends, and I'll go "yes we are!" But I know that if it came down to it, we are not truly friends....just coworkers trying to find happiness. 
I'm a people pleaser, my childhood of sexual, physical, and mental abuse has made me into someone who cant say no. 
I've spent the last 7 years sending pictures to men, and women, that's how I've valued myself. I can please people immensely in that way. That's my only talent. And I hate it. 
I hate living. I hate living knowing that no one truly truly cares, everyone, if they knew what I am currently feeling would say they care. That's the automatic response, too, is that you care. Even if you dont. 
I'm just so tired, theres no future for me, I know itll end up with me being addicted in the middle of an alley. 
I figure, hey, I'll get a bottle of pills, end it as soon as possible so theres no backing out. 
I want to so so so so badly. But I feel like if I die now, I'll never be remembered to anyone besides anything but a nuisance, which I understand. I understand that that's how I'll be remembered, too, so in a way I'm okay with it. 
I just dont know
I dont know how to do it without my funeral having to cost thousands of dollars. 
Or I dont know how to expect how to feel, I'm scared that itll fail, or that I'll end up in a coma, or that I'll somehow be alive. Fear of failure in this aspect. It's happened too many times before and I want this to not fail. I dont know.