Not Good Enough For my DreamI've always been pretty depressed, I've had depression all of my life. I've been suicidal on and off for over 10 years, now I'm in my late twenties and it seems more eminent than ever. 

I hated highschool and continued on to college because I thought it would get better, it got worse. I finished out college because I thought "real life" would be better and it just got worse. I've been bullied my entire life too, and I live with a very rare dietary disease that I manage successfully. I decided to go back to school for paramedicine, I honest to god thought I could handle it. 

It has always been my dream to be a firefighter, thats what has really kept me going all of these years, I passed all of my exams in the classroom and now I am in my ER rotations and things aren't going well. Firefighting has been my dream since I was a kid, it's what I went to school for and really shaped my life towards. I moved across the state and bet all of the money that I had on succeeding in the program. When I hurt my back I kept firefighting as my motivation, when the girl I thought I was going to marry left me I  kept firefighting in mind, when finals got tough I kept firefighting in mind, and when my father took his own life I kept firefighting in mind. I betting all of the money that my father left me on this, I moved across the state and I know nobody here. If I move back I will go back as a failure. 

I keep freezing up and getting nervous, in part it's because I'm being watched, we get 12 days in the ER by day 3 I am already failing. I've gotten phone calls from people asking me "is this really what I want to do with my life," or "do you really think you can do this." I have been overconfident in my abilities and now my image of myself is somewhat shattered. I've been given the ultimatum that if I don't shape up on my next shift (Friday) they will fail me not even halfway into my rotations... It's pretty upsetting. 

I had one patient this last week that really hurt to watch, I've never felt such remorse for someone- I've seen a lot of shit in my EMS career but nothing that shook me like this, I'll spare you the details but it was just before my shift review and I was in somewhat of shambles after what I saw. For the first time I doubted if this career was for me...

If I fail on Friday I have a feeling that I will kill myself, people will say "you're still young" or "its not too late" but I've tried other options and failed at each. I don't have a set plan but I am preparing to do my best on Friday by studying and preparing... I don't want to fail do not think that I do, but if I give it my best and fail I will. 

I know I'll hurt my friends and family when I do it, I know the effects of suicide but they have to understand like I understand my father's suffering. I have plans and other avenues if I do fail to try out other careers, or travel. But if I fail I am out of money and in debt in a town that I don't want to live in...

I just feel like I'm not good enough for my dream, and that I bet everything on it and I am about to fail. 