Friends today were joking about suicide.I have only opened myself up to a few people and two of them are my close friends in one of my classes at college. Around Christmas break, I drew up the courage and told them about how I've been having intense suicidal thoughts for many years now and that I intend to act on them in the foreseeable future. I am in an intense state of despair and I don't even see myself alive for long after I graduate in May. I just needed to let someone know; I was hopeful that I could talk to and relate to them about all this (since we are all nursing majors and are going through similar stressors). I did however tell them that I didn't want them to make a big deal out of this and that I didn't really want their help. I want this to remain a secret. Counterintuitive, I know. But it's been that way with every person I've talked to. And I think this was my mistake.

Now, a month later, and we are back in class. Already they are making jokes about killing themselves because of how hard this semester is going to be, etc, etc. And we were walking back from lunch and one of them even asks me if I was going to kill myself (he misheard me say something). Now, I'm not joking about this. I told them how I felt already - something that I don't hardly do...I'm terrified of the consequences if word gets out.  I like to believe that they are not mocking me and that they just forgot that I told them (they would joke like this prior to me saying anything). But this makes me feel even worse. I know I said I didn't want their help, but could they really forget everything I had said to them in under a month? Am I really not that important? Is what I have to say really all for nothing?

This isn't just with them. The other people I have told all seem to have just forgotten that I even said anything. What the fuck was the point of telling anyone anything then? I know I specified that I didn't want anyone to make this a big deal, but you think people would have the fucking decency to NOT bring up this topic after their *friend* told them he was going to blow his god damn brains out!? 

Did I put too much faith in people? Do I need to remind them every time they talk like this that it upsets me? Is it too much to ask for a simple text to see how I'm doing from any of the pieces of shit I've called friends who I've poured my god damn heart out to? Do I have to be the one to initiate every fucking conversation?

This is my fault. I am the one who told them to not make this a big deal, and yet I expect the opposite almost. I'm a fucking disgrace. Hey, at least I know now that things won't be awkward at school like I was scared they would be. 

I'm sorry for ranting. I'm feeling like total horse shit because of this. Tomorrow, or any other time they talk like this I'll remind them what I said and how it upsets me. Maybe that's what it'll take for someone to listen to me.