33 and deeply suicidalSo, I'm 33 and, for easily the past 15 years, I've seen no worth in getting up in the morning. I started fantasizing about killing myself when I was ten years old. I'd walk around the elementary school where my mom works and imagine people finding me in different closets or alcoves. I was home schooled and didn't have any friends for most of my teenage life. Between the ages of 15 and 23, I literally didn't see anyone of my own age for months on end. I felt incredibly isolated, lost, scared, and worthless. I thought of suicide every day. 

In the past 23 years I've been in tons of therapy programs and have tried incredibly hard to grow myself as a person. I've tried to grow and learn to make friends. Every step of the way has been a struggle. I had to practice making eye contact, then practice shaking hands, then practice hugging, etc. I didn't have my first girlfriend until I was 27, my first job until I was 28, or get my driver's license until I was 29. 

I've never had sex or even done much beyond kissing with a girl. I'm afraid because I don't know what I'm doing. I grew up around women and I am afraid of disappointing them or making them feel pressured or uncomfortable. The women I'm drawn to are almost always conservative sexually, but eventually I know I have to be capable of living up to their expectations. When you're in your thirties, that's intimidating. 

Last year I fell in love with a women I worked with. I quit my job to be with her. We dated for six months and she broke up with me because I lost my job. I'm still jobless, almost three months later. I was in a car accident and have no car. I have rheumatoid arthritis and can't afford my medicine, so it's hard for me to walk or do any exercise. 

My girlfriend and I planned for a summer filled with trips and time together and instead I spent my summer alone, bedridden, broke, heartbroken and desperate. 

 Nothing makes me happy and I have no one who loves me or wants to truly be with me. I've been in a combined 9 months of romantic relationships over the course of my entire life and both women left me and broke my heart. I have a master's degree but can never find a job that pays me a living wage. I'm in constant pain and my every waking moment is consumed by missing what I've lost. I feel like a hollow, immaterial thing. Like I'm already lost and exist in remnants only, like I'm light and insignificant enough to float away without detection. 

I genuinely feel like there's no point in going on. I've tried to kill myself twice before, with the most recent time being this time last year. That time, I ended up in the hospital and almost passed away. In each situation I felt overwhelmed to the point of panic. Suicide felt like something that was a solution to temporary lack of reason. 

Now I have a very logical, almost calming belief that there's really no point to going on. It's like the thought of quitting a bad job or anticipating the end of a bad experience. I intellectually believe that life - at least the one I have - is not worth living. 

I miss my girlfriend desperately. I gave up everything for her. She had issues too, and I gave everything I could to trying to help her, understand her and be there for her, even though it sometimes resulted in me feeling hurt, overlooked, and ignored. I believed in her, beyond any of her issues, but she didn't even believe in me beyond my current employment options. 

I can't do any better and I can't do any more. Every day when I go to sleep I plan to end my life the next day. It's the most encouraging thought I have as I drift off. I just needed to share. 