My dad almost killed himself. What do I do?My dad had been depressed for about 8 years now. Ever since him and my mom divorced his financial stability has steadily decreased through his alcoholism and terrible decisions which has lead him from owning a huge house to barely being able to pay the rent for a 2 bedroom house where he can’t even fucking afford to have me and my siblings there.

He had a girlfriend for a short while but not long after she found out he was an alcoholic she left him, leaving him even more sad.

Every time I would be with him drunk he’d go on and on about how much he loves me and my siblings and how he wishes how he could do better for us. I talked to him many times and always let me know that I loved him too, but that never pushed to him to get help.

Two days ago he called me drunk out of his mind crying hysterically about how much a failure and weak father he is. I tried talking to him for a while but it did nothing.

Then today he called me in the same state but this time he said he was “done”. My heart dropped and I started screaming at him to stop and what not. Our conversation went on until he stopped talking and put down the phone. I really thought it was the end for him, but I still called the police and gave them all the info they needed.

Luckily they got to him and he didn’t do anything harmful to himself. They took him from his house and apparently he’s getting “help” now. I wish this would make me hopeful, but it doesn’t. My dad has lost everything. He‘s stuck at a shit low paying job, lost his girlfriend, can barely afford rent, or to even see his own fucking children. Even if he SOMEHOW managed to quit drinking I have no idea how he’d manage to find happiness.

Seeing him like this kills me and I just want him to be happy and satisfied with his life. But I have no idea how he could achieve that. It’s not like he’s a teenager like me with his whole life ahead of him. He’s almost 60 and his kids are all he had left. What do I fucking do?

