End of the road (long post)This is going to take a lot of effort to write out, and it might be really long. This past year and a half has been the worst time of my life. Everything has only gotten worse and fallen apart and my life is unrecognizable from what it was 2 years back. But I feel like this is the reality of what my life really is, and everything until now was just an illusion. Because I was always just slacking off and getting by with no effort, so the consequences have just now caught up with me. There are a lot of problems right now, most are my fault and some aren't. 

The biggest issue for me right now is school. To put it simply, I'm quite literally the worst student you can imagine. For whatever reason, it takes a stupid amount of energy for me to study.I know it's not a disorder  because I can focus on anything else just fine. But schoolwork is impossible for me. I've tried all the study tricks in the book, setting schedules, finding study partners, breaking up the work and taking breaks, establishing a study environment, turning off all distractions etc etc. I've tried it all and it doesn't work for me. I'm pretty sure I was just born defective. It's been this way since grade school, and it's fucked my life up so much. I failed university last year and I'm about to fail my classes again this semester. I haven't even gone to a single class or done any assignments or readings. It has nothing to do with the subject either, I'm tired of people telling me to find my passion. I don't have one. I just don't want to do anything. I also ruined any chance I had of finding a recourse, because I wasted almost all my bank funds. Over the past 2 years I spent thousands from my parent's tuition money on random junk and my account is almost empty. I haven't seen my financial advisor in a year but she warned me not to mess around with it. But after I failed out, I didn't care anymore and just threw it all away. My parents don't know the extent of it yet either. Even if I wanted to go on, I've given myself no way out.

What makes it infinitely worse is my broken relationship with my family. On top of school, I've been in legal trouble in the past and nobody wants to associate with me anymore. I don't talk to any of my siblings anymore, even though I live with one. Only one I talk to is my mom, but even that's just necessity. And mostly arguing and getting chewed out. Also, as of a year ago, I no longer have a single friend left either. I had to leave them all after I failed out of school because I didn't want them to know what happened. And the way things are now, there's no chance I can make any more friends ever again. On top of it, I recently left my religion, which has thrown my life into complete confusion and chaos. Nothing is set in stone anymore, I'm even more alienated, and knowing there's no afterlife makes me even more prepared to die sooner. If all this wasn't bad enough, my anxiety and hatred for my body reached new heights. It's to the point where boarding the bus and walking on campus is near impossible. I can feel everyone staring at me with disgust. I am too tall and fat and look like a minority so people are wary around me and nobody feels safe when I'm around.  I don't want to be seen by anyone. I'd rather spend all day in my room where nobody can look at me.

In summary, I am a failure and a waste of 19 years. This will not change by any means, there's no way out for me anymore. I don't know why I'm posting this. All I ever get from people are quick solutions and "this will pass" and other bs. To be fair, there's nothing anyone here can do anyway so I don't expect much else. So bye world, it's time for me to go.