People have a choice about whether or not they want to live and they should not be made to feel guilty or obligated to stay alive.One of the things I liked best about this forum was I felt like it wasn’t people seeking pity or trying to shove bullshit advice down people’s throats but I’m seeing more and more of those kind of posts in this forum. No hate on people who are seeking support good on you this is a great place to get that just not what I’m here for. 

Life is shitty. Everyone always says “it’ll get better” and I know it will; it’ll get better for short periods of time then it’ll all come crashing down again and I’ll be back in the same default I’m always in. Suffering pure suffering. Life is a curse not a gift especially for people with mental illness. When I lose a friendship or relationship it sucks. I can’t form connection like normal people and I genuinely will not find people I connect with like that ever again. I take loss so hard and life is so much loss which is one of the main reasons I’m not meant to live. 

I’m depressed as fuck I have been since I was 8. I’ve tried many different methods to help myself and none of them work. Medication makes me feel like a zombie, I’ve been able to put smart every therapist I’ve ever been too, and I’m not self disciplined enough to keep myself on track. I bring my friends down as they are my only support and that’s extremely unfair to them. I burden everyone because I can’t function like a regular fucking person. 

I don’t care about my life at all. The main reason I’ve made it this is far is living for other people and nearly all the people I was living for don’t want or need me anymore leaving me to try to make meaning out of my own life through goals or something like that, but I genuinely do not give a fuck about myself. Nothing brings me joy or excites me and I don’t care enough to create and work towards goals for myself. 

In summary everyone in my life is better ofc without me. I don’t want to live I believe life is shitty and nobody can actually disagree with me on that. The biggest fear holding me back is the fear of failing and being left with severe brain damage. 

People have a choice about whether or not they want to live and they should not be made to feel guilty or obligated to stay alive.