Being Weighed DownI dont know really know how to describe my depression. I dont remember the last time I was completely happy but it was never like this, I just feel weighed down. I think ive become lazier or just stopped giving two fucks about anything. Maybe its not that either I do care just can't seem to lift myself out of my room on most days. I used to be able to make good grades in highschool but its almost the end of my freshman year of college and I havent made even a single C in any of my  classes. I just feel useless but somehow the motivation to do anything is gone, I just feel like their a weight on my chest that digging me deep into the ground at all times. In my mind nothing really matters to me anymore, id rather just waste away my time in my room eating and sleeping. My coping methods for depression are shitty as fuck and I know it. Basically consisting of sex and alcohol, I dont even know how many guys i've had sex with by now.The sex and alcohol helps but the moment I wake up in the morning all the depression just sinks back into my chest. Maybe this is dumb of me to feel depressed in my perfectly desirable life with all the luxuries and opportunities in the world. My parents are well off are willing to tend to my every need, I attend a really good college yet somehow none of it seems to matter I still feel no happiness. I would never wish this feeling on anyone. The thought of suicide never really leaves my mind. I've attempted suicide twice before I dont really know how I made it out alive the first time. It was August 23 2014, I took two bottles of Vicodin and a bottle of Tylenol. Somehow after three days in a coma and a 72 hour psych hold I made it out the hospital. My parents are offcourse paranoid I have felt myself pushing my family away, I dont even pick up their phone calls on most days. They really do deserve better ive wasted away so much of their money and time yet I cant even pull a decent grade to save my life anymore. I've never seen myself as a likable person but now I have hardly any friends and ive gained 30 lbs since the summer. I feel disgusting I want peoples sympathy but I dont deserve it maybe the depression is all in my head but I really cant do anything constructive anymore and have become a giant failure. I would never wish depression on my worst enemy this is most helpless and entrapped i've ever felt in my entire life. I think id be lying if I said I dont want to die but i'm making myself a promise as of now im never going to try and take my life again. I want to be alive to be happy. Sometimes I wonder if the depression is real or I  really am just a sissy little shit who can't take the ups and downs of life and blames it on " mental illness". There is no way mental illness is made up though, why would anyone CHOOSE to feel this way. If I could snap my fingers and suddenly become happy and motivated I would. I want to live to see the day where im truly happy I dont if it will happen but I want to. 