Why I Want to Kill myself.Why I want to kill myself.

I get cold sores all the time. People don’t like to look at these contagious gaping scabs so it’s tough to be social and being in public is just stressful and annoying. “Friends” make jokes and choose not to hang out with me for fear of catching herpes. Can’t say I blame them. Permanent. 

I have cheilitis on my lips. It’s basically a reoccurring yeast/bacterial infection on my lips. I’ve learned to manage it, but it’s no fun. 

I have Fordyce spots all over my penis. Hundreds of little pimple type things on my shaft and balls. Girls think it’s an std and want nothing to do with me. It doesn’t help that my penis is small too. And I get so nervous and self conscious about it I can’t even get hard when I’m with a girl. I even tried cialis and penis pumps.
The penis pump gave me scrotal webbing or “turkey neck” balls.  Permanent. 

Zits all over my face, neck and back. Hey maybe this will go away with time! But right now they hurt like a bitch and look like shit.  Doctor said Accutane may not be the best because I work outside and am already sensitive to the sun. Currently on antibiotics but not working so great. My face is always itchy and red. 

Sun damage to my lips and nose. Huge pores. Whatever, doesn’t bother me that much but just another shitty thing I gotta deal with for the rest of my life.  Tried facial masks and vitamin c serums and other things. Seems to be Permanent. 

I have giant papillary conjunctivitis in my eyes. Feels like there’s sand in my eye sometimes. I take steroid eye drops for it but it always comes back and the doctor said I need to stop the steroids soon. Bummer. 

I eventually graduated college in five years but threw away thousands of dollars of my parents money.

I was let go from my first real job after a month. They were nice about it, but I just was not performing. 

Imagine putting all your time and energy into something and getting jack shit in return.  

I used to be a really great golfer. I was one of the best players in the area and even placed well in a few world tournaments. Had dreams of going pro. Then I tore a ligament in my wrist junior year of high school and eventually got cut from my college team freshman year. I still play all the time but it’s tough not being able to play the way I used to. Bummer. 

I was playing guitar as well, but my playing is hampered by the injury. Bummer. 

I’m becoming so shy and self -conscious because of all this crap. It makes it difficult to get a good job that requires any kind of leadership and people-skills.

The few friends that I have seem to ignore me most of the time. Worst feeling ever when you ask them to do something on Saturday night and they give you a lame excuse, and then come to find out they all went somewhere fun that night. 

The few dates I’ve been on seem like they go well, and then I never hear from them again or they just want to be friends. Bummer. 

So anyways, no chance for a relationship, no friends, no money, pain mentally and physically. Not really worth doing this anymore I don’t think. 

What makes everything so much worse is that I really did have the tools to do whatever I wanted with my life. Two great parents who gave me as much love as anyone could give and set me up for a great life.  But for whatever reason I seem to fail at everything I do no matter how hard I try or want it. 
Fuck, I’m damn good at breathing though! 

I’ve been really struggling with this shit for about five years and have made attempts to make things better. 

 I went all out, ate healthy, worked out and everything. I was ripped and in great shape. Cold sores didn’t go away…Fordyce spots didn’t go away…girls stayed away…I still felt like shit…
Golf game was still shit.  Couldn’t focus in school any better. 
Tried nofap, cold showers, yoga, meditation, and anxiety meds. Nope. 
Bummer. 

And knowing my luck, absolutely no one will read this or comment. 

Also I’m too much of a coward to actually kill myself so I’ll probably just end up slowly driving myself into the ground via any drugs I can get my hands on.  Peace. 

