Suicide is an option, but not now.1) I want to thank Reddit for just being such a helpful, fun and lovable online community. You guys don't know how much a little goes along way, you don't. 

2) If you can't get what you want, I really do not see the point of life.

Here's my situation:

I've been going to a Junior College for 5 years ever since I graduated in 2006. I quit Junior College as I have no motivation for it whatsoever anymore, seeing old friends who've transferred into UCs, graduated and got jobs gives me a strong sense of worthlessness. A loser. I hold on to the fact that both my parents and grandmother never went to college but have great paying jobs in which they are their own boss.

I live with my grandparents, at 24.. My parents are pretty old and I know that when they die that I pretty much have nothing to live for if I don't have a secure job and life.

I've applied for a job (see other posting) and apparently I found out today through a reference that unfortunately, a ton of "ghetto peeps" have that job. We come from a pretty good neighborhood and forgive me for discriminating but if some morons who are trend-bitches have this and I don't get it.. well.. how fucking absurd, really.  


Speaking of which, as much as I have charm with the ladies.. I cannot stand seeing the biggest jackasses with the hottest girls. Trust me. This kills me.. it kills me bad and I wish I knew what it was (despite my charm) that got these gals. I would just like to increase my charm ten fold and get some of the same women these assholes did just so I know I have that ability, as petty as that sounds.  


Overall, my philosophy is pretty bleak as well. I was raised religious and I learned what "evolution" and "survival of the fittest" was in High School. For a very religious person that is breaking out of it, hearing "survival of the fittest" is the scariest thing in the world. The meek shall NOT inherit the earth, they die, get used and abused. Observation to me says assholes are the winners and all these lies about Armageddon coming and wiping out the wicked people got me thinking I didn't have to worry about anything. I could be wrong.


But I generally believe that life happens by chance and fate is somewhat true. Some people are born with the genes of success and intelligence. Don't believe me?

http://newsroom.ucla.edu/portal/ucla/more-proof-that-intelligence-is-85134.aspx

http://www.smartplanet.com/blog/science-scope/genes-intelligence-linked-for-first-time/9738

The arrogance of some people just makes me want to rub this in their face to let them know that their upbringing and genes determined who they were. Nothing else. And even if their poor decision making resulted in some bad situation that they still had that shit to fall back on. Sorry, this is off topic.

Nonetheless, I have very few friends as well. I've gone from group to group and have been isolated and hated and abandoned.. It's complicated and would just be an endless page of explanation. But for some reason this doesn't bother me as much as I've learned to accept what comes to me and realize that some people are meant to be this way.


Don't get me wrong.. I don't want to kill myself but I feel eventually that will be the only option deciding whether or not I have a shitty life or to just rest in peace. 

**TL;DR:** Suicide becomes more prevalent to me if none of the following are fixed: Moving out, becoming financially independent, my grandparents proximity to death and also learning how to have the charm that assholes do with women.