Thank youI joined this subreddit because I want to stay strong for my ex. Not because for my own good but because I want to set my ex free from the pain that keep inflicting to her.

I am staying away from her because I know having me will only bring her misery. Though, I really wish I can be strong enough to make myself better so we can have another chance.

I am the dumpee, our relationship was my second relationship ever. I have really trust issues after I was being cheated on by my bestfriend in HS (my first relationship). It did a huge number on me on many aspects. One in particular is my mental health. I have survived multiple suicide attempts in the past. After 2 years, I finally have become brave and ready to take another shot. However, I can see that the past (which I thought already healed to a certain extent) contributed to the break up and it blows me really hard.

I don't know what to do rn honestly. I want to come to her again, she was so warm and I can say that I haven't been felt that relaxed in my life after being cheated on. I'm trying so bad to hold on everything but I must say, as the day goes on, it gets worse; I'm losing my battle that I have fought fiercely for years.

I did counseling, hanging out, working out (I have sixpack now for the first time in my life), making myself better, throw myself to work, anything that anyone suggest on doing. But something is still missing. And I don't know what is it anymore. Keep crying every single night is tiring. Worst part is, once you go home, I know I wouldn't be able to hold everything like when I was outside (fakingly being happy).

So, I want to say to this community, thank you for the love and support that I have received while I was here. I see myself not getting better. I wish all the people will be stronger than me with their healing. I am grateful to be able to join this community even for a short while.

Thank you. Feel free to message me before 1st of April. Because I'm planning to leave on that day. I will reply as much as I can. /Sorry, if this post is similar to my other post because I basically want to say relatively the same thing/