The short story of how it began and endedAlmost nine years ago we met. She was the most beautiful and funny person I could have ever met. I was going through rough times dealing with being a 19yo with no college degree, living with band mates, delivering pizzas, playing music I hated, smoking more weed than one ever should, ecstasy, acid, whatever I could get my hands on and she was my light that led me out and gave me life. Just a few months a condom broke and she became pregnant. Being young and in love we were going to make this work. I quit the drugs, moved out of the band house, got a second job, worked 60 hours a week to make money to provide for her and our soon to be born son.  Shortly after he was born I was lucky enough to know someone working at a call center that helped me get in and I was able to work one job that made the equivalent of my two full time jobs. 

I pursued this line of work, went to school, learned a trade and started doing tech work for law firms and got really good at what I did. 

I never stopped loving her. I provided everything, was there for everything, never faught or raised my voice. I enjoyed making her happy. I learned to cook well so I could make nice meals for my family, I enjoyed doing all of the family laundry, dishes, house chores.. I just want my family to have a nice home and have the best and if that means I work full time and take care of everything.. it is completely worth it. Eventually got hired at a legit tech company making decent money and we decided it was time for our second child.

We had our second and was happy to complete our family. As she spent time with the kids and took classes part time three years later she eventually graduated with a bachelors degree in the line of work she wanted to be in.

She got hired at her last internship at a place she hated and had nothing to do with her specialty or her degree where she eventually met someone she worked with.

After 9 years of loving her with every inch of energy just Sunday she broke it off with me and told me she was not in love with me anymore and hasn't been. She was talking to someone else now and wanted to pursue this.

I now sit in a room in someone else's house alone... with no kids that love me.. my best friend and partner of life has shown me that everything I am today and have become means absolutely nothing and has wasted so much time.. 

For doing everything I thought the best father, lover, and friend in the world should be doing I am rewarded by being in a dark room alone.. Alone with debt, with no one to cook for, to clean for, to provide for, no one to appreciate me.. no one to talk to about my bad day at work with. She gets to be the one happy.. with our house, with our kids, with our life that I should be in but am not..

I've held the phone in my hand looking at the phone number for help..debating on why I should even continue to try because it just isn't worth it.. For doing all the right things you still get screwed and that is the way life works. 

I don't eat anymore.. I don't sleep anymore. I tried to go back to work yesterday and today and it all just seems meaningless because the reason why I was there to begin with was for her.

I'm just running on auto pilot now..doing things for no reason at all. For some reason still trying but I thinking I'm losing the battle.


Someone I know wasn't going to use these so they gave it to me. I think I know the way.. I ...well.. I'll let you all come to the conclusion.

https://imgur.com/a/baTDX
