I don’t feel like I belong hereI mean in this realm. Whatever this reality is. I don’t feel like I’m meant to exist in this way. Maybe I’m just lazy. I don’t know. sometimes I’d rather kill myself than do a single page of homework. I don’t have what it takes to make it here. I feel like an alien. Too odd and unstable to function. I feel so isolated and different and I just want to go somewhere else. I know if I kill my self my family will go through absolute hell. They love me. I know they do. And to make the idea of killing my self even worse, I have a girlfriend. I love her so much and I know she loves me too. I know if I die she will be completely devastated. It wouldn’t be fair to her or any of the people I love. part of me wishes they hated me so it would be easier for them to accept. Sometimes I think of sabotaging my relationships with everyone so my death might bring them an ounce of joy. If I could have it perfect, I’d want to slowly fade away. I’d want to be forgotten about by everyone. No one can miss me if they didn’t know I was even here. I wang my face to be forgotten. My name. My voice. My body. Everything. I want it to disappear from everyone’s heads. I feel like my negative thoughts and emotions aren’t even mine. When I look in the mirror I don’t think “fuck I’m so ugly”. I hear “fuck you’re so ugly”. When I crumble under the weight of the slightest responsibility or expectation, there’s a separate voice telling me “I hate you so fucking much”, “look at yourself, you’re fucking pathetic”, “do you honestly think they wanted to talk to you?”, etc.    I don’t know what’s wrong with my brain. I don’t know why I feel the way I do. I don’t know what else to do. I’m scared. I’m tired. I want to live in the next realm. I want to float through existence. I don’t know how I’m going to make any difference in this world, let alone survive. And I feel too scared and tired to commit to trying. Idk. I’m in a lot of pain. I hate it. And I hate hurting the people I love. I wish they hated me. But I know that can’t happen unless I make them hate me by hurting them and I can’t bring myself to do that. I don’t know what to do. I feel so trapped.   I don’t belong here. I’m not meant for it.