I feel so broken​Friday night, I went into my garage to smoke cigarettes and drink a beer. I was feeling really down. I called a suicide hotline. I wasn't about to commit suicide, but I was definitely thinking about it. You can see my other posts to get more background.

I called and talked to this hotline for 45 minutes. I was crying and unloading my problems to the poor woman on the other end. I told her that my chosen method would be by firearm because I live in a house with firearms. As I was talking to her, my mom came out into the garage to see how I was doing. My parents are both aware of how I feel and are very supportive. I told the hotline worker that I had to go and said goodbye very quickly.

I spoke with my mom and my dad. I was about to go inside with them when I got a call from my local 911 dispatch. They said that they had gotten a call from this hotline and they were sending officers for a welfare check. I was told to wait outside.

I was outside, feeling a little better that I got to talk to someone but obviously stressing about the cops coming. When they pulled up, it was two squad cars. They both shined their spotlights on me and got out of their cars quicky. The three officers didn't have their guns drawn, but they had their hands on their holsters. I instinctively put my hands up to show that I wasn't a threat.

They came up to me in my driveway and asked if I had any weapons on me or in the garage. They frisked me and checked in the garage for weapons too. They were very polite and professional, but it still made me feel like a criminal. After that, two officers went inside to talk with my parents and one stayed outside with me. Once the two came back out, they told me what was going to happen. I could either willingly go to the hospital for a evaluation or they could take me into protective custody and they would bring me. Obviously, I chose to go willingly with my mom. 

We go to the ER. I get checked in and they check my vitals. I am given a drug test and a blood test. I am completely sober. I don't do drugs and I had one beer that night. I am then brought to a "safe room." This room is locked from the outside. It has a bed, a TV, and a chair in it. That's​ it. They take my clothes and I am given a gown​ to put on. I can't even keep my phone on me. Now I have to sit in this room and wait for the on call crisis worker to show up.

I sit in this room until 3am when the crisis worker shows up. She comes in and begins to ask me the standard list of questions about my illness. She then determined that I could be discharged since I am already receiving treatment.

I finally get home at 4 am and promptly throw up in my front yard from the stress.

Everybody was professional and polite during this whole episode, but it still makes me feel like a criminal and absolutely broken as a person. I honestly felt worse by the end of the night than when I had called the hotline. Even though I was determined to not be an immediate danger to myself, I was still treated as such for 5 hours beforehand. The bed had fucking tie down points on it. They took my clothes and made me put on a striped gown. I didn't even go into how severe my depression is right now.

I feel like a total fucking basket case right now. I'm so frustrated and angry because I want to kill myself but the thought of leaving my family makes that impossible. I don't know what to do. 