The only reason people even bother to speak to me is when they need somethingI've spent a lot of my life leaning on the fact that people at work are so friendly to me. It's the only place I get to interact with other people. Otherwise I'm your typical isolated loser that never has a reason to leave his house, has no friends, never had a girlfriend, doesn't even know how to meet people.

I've come to realize that the people here might be nice, but they are not my friends. Every conversation I have is about computers. Specifically their computer, what's wrong with it and how I'm going to fix it. I don't remember the last time I spoke to someone that wasn't about work. Not including my dad of course.

I don't blame them. We are coworkers and that is my role here. It's just depressing knowing that I could go ahead and use my pistol to kill myself today and hardly anyone would care or even notice that I'm gone. They'd hire a replacement technician and all the people that I subconsciously considered friends would just assume that I got another job.

I don't know how it happened, but I have become the absolute cliche of a person who works in IT. A computer nerd who is the epitome of socially awkward. Who can't make friends, wants a girlfriend, but has no idea how to meet and approach women and is terrified of the very idea. I hate it. I hate the person that I am.

I'm not going to kill myself right now. I want to wait until my cat dies, but I really wish that I was dead. I've been fantasizing about getting pancreatic cancer. It usually doesn't even show symptoms until it too late. Once diagnosed patients live an average of 3 and 1/2 months without treatment. Dying from it sounds peaceful as far as death goes. You lose your appetite, lose weight, and eventually you slip into unconsciousness and then die. Pain is present, but is apparently not terrible and manageable with the use of opioids.

If I died from a disease then my family wouldn't blame themselves. It wouldn't be my fault that they had to go through that. It would just be dumb luck and I wouldn't have to go through this joyless drudgery for another 50 years. I'm afraid to shoot myself. I'm afraid that I won't die immediately and it will hurt. Or knowing my luck I'll fail to hit a critical part of the brain and I'll survive with severe brain damage. Wouldn't that be awful.