My Short GoodbyeI’m sorry mama. I’m sorry i couldn’t be the daughter you deserved. Thank you for always doing everything you could for me. i’m sorry i never told you that i love you. I do. I’m sorry i never hugged you back. I’m sorry for always being annoyed. I’m sorry i could never talk to you about gossip or whatever moms and daughters talk about. i’m sorry i wasn’t the daughter you deserved. 

I’m sorry brother. I know we never talk about deep personal things but i do love you. gosh it’s weird typing that lol. You were cool sometimes. Except for the times you would snitch on me. Not cool dude. Thanks for giving me thick skin though. Take care of Freddy for me. 

I’m sorry Freddy. You were the best cat in the world. Thank you for always making me feel like i had a purpose. That purpose was to be your mom. I hated when you would open my bedroom door to get in but wouldn’t close it so i’d have to get up from my sleep to close it, almost tripping from being half asleep. I’ll miss doing that. Thank you for keeping me company. Thank you for letting me kiss your forehead and returning the kiss to my nose. I love you so much. I’m so sorry. 

I’m sorry to the boy i loved. You were the last thing keeping me here. You weren’t in love with me. I have no reason to stay anymore. 

Dad, you’re the reason i’m doing this. I couldn’t be your perfect little daughter with good grades. That’s all you wanted me to have. Is good grades. You’re the reason i don’t have friends. I can’t have any apps because of my stupid grades. I can’t take drivers ed because you don’t want me to leave the nest. You don’t even feel like a dad anymore. All i’m alive for im your eyes is good grades. You took everything from me. Fuck you. 

I’m numb. I was going to do this last night but i don’t know how i should. i don’t want to fail at it. I was only 17. I had many more years to see. I would say it was a fun ride but it wasn’t. This life sucked. Nobody knew me. I was no one. I never saw it getting better. I wish i taught myself a little more piano. Take care everyone.