my spirit feels completely brokento be honest the fact that i’m even writing this scares me, but i’ve never been this low before. i woke up with this feeling of sick dread in the pit of my stomach like i just received bad news, and it just won’t go away. i’m trying to distract myself but all i want to do is cry or sleep. i don’t hang out with my friends as much because i don’t want to be seen. i want to disappear completely. 

i was in a place recently where i was doing okay. i felt like i was slowly building myself back up, then someone i trusted really hurt me. it’s been months and the pain won’t go away. it makes me feel so so dumb. the fact that i could let someone else almost control my well being, or at least cause pain to it. but it was a friendship i cherished and now it’s over. i had to end it, but i still think of them all the time. doesn’t help that i see them at work once in a while, and they act like everything is okay. makes me feel like they never cared about me at all. i almost don’t want to get close to anyone ever again.. like the cycle will keep happening until i can’t take it. 

i’m starting to feel numb. i’m becoming angry and cynical and cold. i hate it so damn much because this hopeless feeling is something i never thought i’d get to. i said i could handle it all on my own yet here i am wondering why i can’t just get into a car accident or something so i wouldn’t have to hurt the people around me, but i would also just be gone. but i can’t tell anyone. i don’t want to put that burden on them. and my mother would be so angry and so disappointed. 

sometimes i think back to when i was a happy kid and just sob at where the hell i went wrong. why can’t i handle the smallest things anymore? why do i almost want to stay here in the dark? i know it’s not healthy. but i’m so exhausted and it just seems easier to let myself go. i really don’t know what to do anymore. this sick sick feeling won’t go away. i hear myself telling all my friends how wonderful things can be if they just keep going, and i believe it, but i can’t make myself see it for my own life. it’s not the worlds fault. it’s just me. i personally can’t handle it and i don’t want to be here anymore. my heart feels tired and i wonder if someday it’ll come to the same conclusion as me and just stop beating to save me the trouble. 

i don’t know how i got here. i don’t want to be. but i also don’t feel like trying anymore. it all feels very pathetic of me. i can’t see myself getting older, i just have the sinking feeling i’m going to die young and soon. but i am still afraid.