Not doing too well, againI'm back to being suicidal again like a few months ago, but a few months ago my parents knew and watched me pretty closely. I kind of made them give up trying because of my apathy towards my own life and they just basically made sure I stayed alive, now they think I'm doing fine. But I'm back to the same place of just wanting to off everything. I did try before and it didn't do anything so I know the difference I would have to do in order for it to even hurt me, and that makes it really difficult to tolerate trying to wait to see if I will actually get a bit better. I'm basically just keeping myself alive and trying to distract from all the stupidity but it isn't helping as much as before. I do have therapy still but I don't trust my therapist about anything. I don't trust anyone, probably because they might want to put me inpatient again even though I'm still functioning pretty well right now. Is there something else that would make there be more of a point to trying to stay? I just have to make it another two months, then school is back in and that can help me stay. The only goals I have for life  are to just get my family and other adults off my tail because I can't really do anything towards them how I am now, and the only point for me staying right now is two friends that I'm trying to help,  one's gay and is also struggling with depression so I'm trying to help him redirect things to better coping skills than I learned, and the other is kind of like a little brother, and his family won't understand him being a guy so I just try to be a friend since even online he isn't really taken seriously. There are things I've run across, trying to remind people they need to stay for themselves and not just for others, but I don't understand why I should stay for myself. I'm not interested in any romantic or sexual relationship, nor do I want kids to take care of later on. My parents haven't ever been any help for that because they always insist that's what you should be eager for when you're older.