I am sad and alone. I am pathetic and terrified. I don't expect help, just ears.I haven't posted on this subreddit in a while. It's not that I haven't been feeling suicidal, but more so that I get mostly the same response of "it'll get better." Hopefully somebody here has something that worked for them, because happy thoughts don't work for me anymore.

If this is TL;DR just skip to the last paragraph.

A little about me, I'm a 22 year old girl with no friends. That would usually be an exaggeration, but that's not the case with me. I'm awful at making friends. I'm anxious and insecure, I doubt every action I make and second guess every word I say. I was even held back in Kindergarten because I was unable to make friends. (Needless to say, that extra year didn't help.) I went to my district's public school, but after being sexually abused by an older boy I convinced my mom to let me go to a magnet school with my younger brother. It was ok there for a couple years, I didn't have friends that I would hang out with outside school but I could be around them during class. Something changed in 6th grade, though. One by one the kids who tolerated me started to hate me. If you were my friend, you got made fun of, which left me isolated. The day I got my first cell phone I was so excited, I gave the number to a few kids who would still talk to me. That was a mistake, because not too much later I got voicemails telling me to kill myself. I begged my parents to let me go back to public school, but they made me finish my time at the magnet school. 3 years of being alone and made fun of. When I got to high school I though things would be better, but I was very very wrong. I was your average loner, eyeliner and black clothes, which made me an easy target for the popular girls. I got attacked in the halls, harassed online, and one time while I was walking home a group of boys sent their dog after me. Every time I went to the principal, I would get suspended. Apparently I "stirred things up." I'll be the first to admit that I wasn't the nicest teenager, but nothing I did was unwarranted. Those kids who abused me never got suspended, it was only me. After 1 year there, I dropped out. I went to alt ed and finished high school. I tried university, but classrooms scare me. I get anxious, I can't focus, I beat myself up. I dropped out again. 

I come from a family of 5. Mother, father, older sister, younger brother, and myself. Mom is a narcissist, she cheated on my dad for 4 years and had the audacity to blame him. That's a different story, though. My sister is anorexic, she knew about the cheating before anybody else did and tried to keep them together by having them focus on her. My little brother is autistic, but my mother refuses to believe that all her children came out wrong so he's never gotten any real help. My father had a temper when we were younger. If he was mad, I was the one who got hit. It was never my older sister or younger brother, but then again I was the kid who was sobbing through his Star Trek episode. When I was 18, they got divorced. My mother tried to force my dad to move out, but since she was the one who wanted to leave I suggested she go. She agreed, and I've been losing contact with her more and more every day. My birthday was a couple days ago, I didn't get a birthday call/text/present, but she did make a photo of my 5-year-old self her profile picture on facebook to get attention. She uses me for any attention she can get, I was put in the psych ward last winter after a suicide attempt, and when I got out my mother (who works as a PR person in the health field) used me to get an "in" with the doctors at the hospital. So since my mom left, it's been my dad, sister, brother, and I. I found a friend in a girl a year younger than me. She and I had the same interests, we began to hang out and became friends. My sister was her friend as well, so it was a good and comfortable trio. However, I recently learned she thinks very low of me and has only been my friend to use me. I lent her my car for her driving test. I have driven her miles to see her boyfriends. I fronted her $200 for a concert she really wanted to see. I would have taken a bullet for her, I thought of her as my little sister. It came out that she thought I was "toxic." She told people she didn't know how to get rid of me, so when she left to study abroad she would cut off all contact. When I found this out, I just cried. I was really happy to have a best friend, it was the only thing I ever wanted, but in reality she hated me. I cut again for the first time in years. I downed a bottle of vodka and cough syrup, I felt so numb. My sister told me I would be ok and that she was there for me. Yesterday I found out my sister went to meet up with my "best friend" while she was home for the holidays. I know it doesn't seem like a big deal but my heart sank when she told me. She didn't ask, she knew how much pain I was in and did it anyway. She keeps trying to apologize to me, but this isn't the first time she's acted this way.

I have no friends, I am so alone. The only form of social interaction I get is work, but I work only 8 hours a week so any other time I am worthless. I have no money to go anywhere else, not like there would be a place to accept me anyway. I am terrified that I will be alone until I work up the courage to kill myself. I'm scared of not existing anymore because I know that I will be forgotten in minutes. I have not left an impact on anyone or anything. I am not a religious person, I don't think I was put here for any reason. I believe that I am a mistake. I must have done something terrible, I don't know what it was, but that is the only explanation I have for why I am constantly sad. It hurts to wake up, the meds have never helped. I don't want to burden anybody with my body when I die. I don't want to burden anyone in general. All I have left is my brother and father, but both of them have their own issues to work on. I am a 22 year old who still lives in her childhood bedroom. My father still pays for my food, I make no contribution, all I do is take. I really am a toxin, or a parasite. I don't see any hope for me to become somebody likable. If every person I've come across dislikes me, there must be something I am not seeing. That something needs to go, and in order for it to go I have to go as well.