I want to die.So over the past few days things have just been very bad and my depression has gotten a lot worse. Saturday was alright for the most part and was the main good day I had last week. Honestly school just fucks me up so much and I hate it. So Sunday was my boyfriend and I's 8 months but we didn't see each other. Honestly it feels like he always chooses his friend over me and we've talked about that but he just doesn't change. Then he brought up how he wants to be friends with his ex whom I despise and he knows that. Long story short, I had an utterly horrible day and that completely ruined it. Yesterday I was just sad all day and nothing good happened at all. He was supposed to come over tonight but he's blowing me off to work on a guitar and he knows that upset me but whatever. So now I have nothing to look forward to for the rest of the day. Tomorrow we're supposed to hang out but who the hell knows about that, he'll probably forget then hang out with his friend. So I know this paragraph was about him but only because I needed that rant out. There's so much other shit going on and I guess that just tops it off.

Honestly, I have no friends. I've pushed my only two friends away to focus on my boyfriend because he makes me the happiest and that's what I thought I needed but he doesn't do the same. So now, I'm just utterly alone. No internet friends, no online friends. It just fucking sucks. I found this guy in school that I'd like to be friends with but I'm way too shy to talk to him. And honestly I feel like I find a person then it seems like I obsess over them or something because I just want people in my life, I want someone there for me. But I just have no one. And a lot has changed for me in my life over the past year that just makes it even worse. Anyways, enough about this bullshit and I'll stop this rant here because really I could go on about a lot but it's just pointless.

Truthfully, I just want to die. I just want to end my suffering, end all the pain. Really no one cares about me and it wouldn't matter if I was gone. I just, I don't know what to do anymore.