Fuck this bullshitEvery day, I used to be hyped to go home from school to escape the pain. The standards are too high for me and everyone thinks I'm so smart when I'm actually just some dumbass kid who tries to hide his failing grades. My friends are all jerks, and they think I don't know that they don't like me. I spend most of my freetime at school trying to find people I remotely know so I don't have to look so fucking alone. I used to go home and just be able to sit and think about if everyone's life is like this, just sit in my room and cry. And I guess that was tolerable for a while. Now I don't even have that. My parents don't understand why I'm always so down and they always ask "hey, are you okay?" And I say yes and it just ends there, and they think they're taking care of me. They think I'm doing great, and I'm popular and smart. But I just live my life trying to fit in and achieve, failing, then coming home to my clueless and tormenting younger siblings. It's sad that I have to talk to online strangers about this, but my parents would just say it's bullshit and I'm overreacting and I'm perfectly fine. I'm fucking not. I'm a wuss so I can't end my life. I'm only 13 and everyone would probably think that I'm to young and immature to understand this shit, and I'm just complaining. I'm fucking not. I believe in God, and I'm praying for him to show me a sign that I'm just complaining, or that my life has a purpose, or that things get better, or even that he cares about me. I'm starting to question my faiths, but at the same time not because if he is still looking down on me I'll be punished. My life fucking sucks but I'm too worried about death, and at this point I don't think I can make a turnaround. I just want to fucking leave. 13 years old and I'm already at a break in point. Am I too weak? Is this a phase? Did life meant to be like this? There are so many people who go through this daily that it's hard to think this shit isn't twisted. It is twisted. Fuck this bullshit.