I think I’m done screwing up and being alone now.I haven’t been able to get a job in my field. The shit job I had I lost last year (to make a long story short, don’t ever let anyone fool you; retaliation for doing the right thing is real) and I started another shit job and guess what? I’ve recently realized that fifteen years of abuse as a child seems to have painted a huge sign on me that says “I WILL TOLERATE ANY ABUSE” and somehow made me a psycho magnet; I’ve had a hard time getting comfortable with my new job and boss, and it turns out that’s because my boss is a bipolar lunatic. They act sweet to “customers” (I can’t say what this job is or have it traceable), and then say the most horrible, hurtful things about them to us. That part has been really depressing. This boss apparently picks one employee to scream at every month or so, and it was finally my turn the other day.  Now I know what I did and didn’t do, and I also understand why other recipients of this hatefest just stood and took it; they hadn’t done anything so terribly bad either, but trying to defend yourself just makes the tirade worse. My gut tells me that I need to quit, but that’s where my life has decided that there’s no way out. 

I can’t get a better job, and I’m barely missing making my bills as it is, regardless of how much I pare down. I’ve applied out; I’ve been applying for years, and for some reason I just never manage to land a good job in my field. I was a great student. I look the same as anyone else. I have a real problem talking myself up, but I don’t know how to change that. The truth that I’ve come to accept is that I’m not going to move up in the world. I’m going to forever be a renter who drives a shitty car and can’t afford to go out or on vacation, ever. I can’t help but compare myself with others who have similar backgrounds; for whatever reason, I managed to pull myself out of a really bad childhood, but I just can’t seem to make it into professional life. I’ve reached my ceiling. I accept that now. 

I don’t have anyone, and I understand now that I never will. I’ve been a psycho magnet in that respect too, with results that I just can’t get into here. Let it suffice to say that I have been used and abused emotionally, mentally, physically, and financially. I couldn’t figure out what I was doing wrong in that respect either, so I just stopped dating several years ago. I recently had someone I was interested in, but they can do a lot better and it seems that they weren’t as interested. So this week, I let them go. 

I have a couple of pets; I have to figure out what I’m going to do with them. I used to have anxiety all the time over whether or not they were okay, but for the past month or so, that anxiety has been completely gone. It started a few months back with the fear not biting as hard as it always has, and now it’s just gone. 

I have spent the day today trying to come up with some money (when I say that I’m working a shitty job, I’m not exaggerating), and that has failed. A friend’s birthday is tomorrow, and once again, I’m stuck giving dollar store level presents and a card that I’ve gone really in depth in, talking about how wonderful they are, but cards end up in the trash. Anything I am able to give ends up in the trash. My friends are nice about it, but I can see in their eyes the question “why don’t you just fix this and do something”? That question has hung in the air for a few years now. I don’t know how to fix this. I’ve run out of ideas. 

I’m staying the night at my friend’s house (it’s amazing what I can do when I’m not crippled by anxiety over leaving my pets alone overnight). They moved about a year ago, and the place is beautiful. A year or so ago, I would have said that I’m extremely happy for them living in a safe and beautiful place, but now I just feel acceptance that they are going to be fine. When I got in yesterday evening, I finally realized that I don’t fit in with my friend’s lifestyle anymore. I haven’t for a while, but I didn’t really see it until yesterday evening. I don’t fit in with any of my friends’ lifestyles anymore. I never will. There isn’t any place for me any longer. I didn’t make it. I have failed. 

My siblings have also moved on with their lives; I don’t fit in with any of them either, and as with my friends, I don’t quite understand why. I’m a hard worker, I’m humble, I care, I’m honest, and I don’t know why I just can’t get anything to work out. I’m as confused as they are, but the bottom line is that I don’t have anyone anymore, and it’s taken a long time for all of them to finally get to the same point, but they all arrived at the end where they just shrug, shake their head, and say that they don’t understand why it seems like every one of my endeavors fails. I’m as confused as they are. I feel like I’m contaminated with something that everyone else on Earth but me can see that marks me as not even human. 

Last night, I almost just drove back home when how much I don’t fit in hit, but I don’t have anything to go home to. Even the anxiety I used to feel has been replaced with a kind of numbness, like my mind and soul has been injected with Novocain. The funny part is that I think in years past, I would have felt alarmed by how numb and hopeless I feel; this last stretch is a kind of kindness in a way, a sort of nitrogen narcosis that lessens the blows that are ahead. I understand now what it had to have felt like for some people who have turned up as suicides. I understand now that they were probably months or even years past old wrongs or feelings of fear or desperation. In a way, that makes me feel better about them. 

I don’t know if I’m ever going to hear anything from any of the applications I’ve put in, but it doesn’t matter anymore. I might as well be bursting into tears and begging them to please hire me for all the good my interviews do. I know in my heart now that there is something that marks me as “different,” that will keep me from getting past the first or second interview. I’m not meant to succeed and I don’t know why, but it’s only an intellectual curiosity for me at this point; like the song goes, “they make no mention of the beauty of decay,” there is a beauty to this divorce from my emotions. I’m having a hard time attaching any real feelings to anything anymore, which hopefully will facilitate a clearer head and better choice pathing for what I’m doing. 

I’m not going to do anything in the next few days; I have to carefully gather some things I’m going to need, I want to get to be intimate with someone one more time (I hope that I can find someone who will be okay with being held and touched and won’t be abusive or mean, but if I can’t get that in the first couple of tries, I’m going to just let that be left undone), and there’s a few places I want to visit first. They have to be relatively nearby places, because I don’t have the money to really travel. There are places that I wish I’d been able to see, but just as my uncle died without ever getting to sail off the coast of Greece like he’d always wanted to do since he was a boy, some things just don’t happen, no matter how much you wanted them to. And the truth is, I also feel kind of numb about that, too. I just don’t want to be alone, poor, afraid, or getting stolen from or yelled at by nut cases who I can’t figure out anymore. I feel like I’m trying to justify finally being kind to myself when common sense should say that it’s preferable to end suffering quickly and as painlessly as possible. 

I don’t have anyone to tell without it sounding like I’ve finally given in to dramatizing, or I’m fishing for someone to talk me out of it. I neither want nor need to be talked out of anything. It’s far too late to fix any of this, and any comments that say “things will get better” are being left unread. Things aren’t going to get better; for me, there is no “better”, and that’s been my whole point. Apparently I was a very bad person in a former life or something. I’m sorry that I let it drag on this long; it’s been very taxing on the people who cared about me, and the part of me that cares about that isn’t numb yet. I’m sorry that I’ve failed so many times, so many ways, and that everything I touch turns to shit.