Impulse to kill myselfThrowaway because of reasons.

It's been quite a while now that I can't go near high places because the impulse of jumping is just so strong. I have been working (post-university practice, unpaid work) on a ship the last months and falling overboard was the thought that kept me going, but at the same time I was actively trying to prevent myself from doing this so I just remained in enclosed spaces most of the time. I don't know what to do because I feel this urge is finally peaking and soon there'll be a moment when I won't be able to hold back.

I'm a licensed physician. Everything is good, seemingly. People wouldn't guess. I have secretly suffered depression in various degrees since I was 18 and it's been almost 10 years now. Always been meaning to get help but I always regret it, I've even walked into a psych's office when I was employed at the hospital but then I just walked away. I would call for appointments and hang up. Now I have no money and no insurance to get help anyway.

Oh, and the plot twist. I'm Greek. Last week I came back from my sea - service abroad. I had 2 days of traveling during which I had 0 money on me and my card was blocked (capital control). I couldn't get myself a bottle of water to drink and for 2 days I ate once, the snack on the airplane. I think of the future and I feel there is no point in anything and I know it's my depression but I can actually see there is no point as well. I rely on heart medication which soon I'll not be able to find in my town.

I used to drive a 30yo car under my father's name, but soon there will be no gas for the car to run on. My only pleasure is driving around and sitting at the coast. Now I've been staying at my parents', no room of my own, no privacy, no hope to go anywhere, 91F heat with no wind, no job, no friends, my unpaid research work over my head, and feel strangled.

My savings are about $1000 and I cannot take them out of the bank, so I cannot help but picture that within the following weeks, my savings will be devaluated and I'll end up on the street because I can't pay shit and I own shit. My parents are not in the best of positions to help me either. I owe approx $1000 in tuition so dead end there.

People here celebrate for their " decency" and their "pride" and "saying NO to austerity" and all that shit, and I want to kill myself.