Suicide Note at first, to cathartic writing. 

*I know this post may be long but I don't know what else to do... I wrote this with the intention of it being a note but I was getting carried away and it became a cathartic outlet. Coherence wasn't really a priority at the time for ex. I switch in the 1st and 3rd person, talk as other people, maybe get even a little word salad-y. Maybe at least 1 person out that could relate to 1 or 2 things I say in the note. I'm not a writer nor is it something I do at all, it was more a spur of the moment type thing. Thanks for reading and commenting if you do, because I feel like I can't talk to anyone except through a lit screen...*

Transient guests are we….?  
I’ve thought about committing suicide for as long as I can remember. Fetishizing, wondering, planning. To enacting, doing mock versions. Many failed attempts. There always was that small notion in my mind of not doing it ringing true and clear. So naturally, I would subside. Masturbatory fantasies to only continually fall through. That which seems endearing as anything sacred, pondered for days on end to only to be quashed feebly through the mundanity and cycle of life. Forgetting about it and moving on.  
My entire story is muddled and web deeped in self deception. The oh, so many lies and fictitious back stories I’ve created for myself. The way I act or experience something fake in order to direct my mind into certain directions. Negative directions...constantly and constantly. Sometimes positive but deeply rooted in impulse thus deception reigns as my Truth.  
I don’t know who I am… I’ve spent so much time harrowing and loathing because I am good at it. All passions tainted and depleted. Any meaning, faintly attained but never realized.  
I don’t know who or what I am.  
Wait… I kind of do because I just explained a minor trait of my personality, right?  
Or is that something I’ve tricked myself into believing? Do I really have that sort of brain power to modulate and harness my worldly perception?  
I lie. All the time.

To myself, to others, to everyone around me. I don’t know who I am or what I am supposed to be.  
Let me give you some closure.

I remember all the way back to six, seven years old when I used to hallucinate infrequently. The first thing I remember was seeing the Baphomet or at least some bastard form. Peek his head above the stairs and stare at me. Whispering, Seth…  
My eyes were dead locked onto him so I was frozen, petrified. Slowly crawl up the stairs and leisure onto the wall. Float delicately into my room and climb above my bed...staring. I shut my eyes and pull the covers over my head and keep them there.  
I don’t have any memory after that, so is selective memory tricking me? Is this a thought or memory I fed into myself through mental, verbal repetition and fake, dramatized trauma?

There has to be some sort of truth about something to it… right?  
Next one. YouTube video of girl in mental hospital. Choppy, zany 3D effects but I’ve never tested it myself. I became petrified of that image. Of that idle girl. Intense and quick zoom in. I could keep going on and on and tell you different instances in which I felt too paranoid to be in darkness from ages 8-15, to less frequently to 16-18 and a slowly creeping back to haunt me from 19-22. I’m only giving you the bare minimum for now. Because my repetitive experiences with anxiety and paranoia of someone (yes, even real people) trying to harm me or kill me or traumatize me or destroy me will eventually bore you and myself. It’s something I’ve always lived with. However, I have different issues now, and I’ll see if I get to talkin’ about them.  
Father, you laughed and told me to look at the TV screen while we were waiting in the ‘lobby’ area of the movie theater in Riverside. Long ago. I was around 10-11. You remember, or maybe you don’t. The Above The Influence commercial with the flattened girl. I’ve seen it before and was terrified. Forced to look upon again, in horror. It’s utter nonsense to me now (I grew up from it probably around 16 because I exposed myself enough to the point of diluting itself of its unexplainable horror), but I’m convinced it has altered my pathology in someway. To the point where I would get anxious at the simple act of drying my hair after a shower because my vision is blocked and my mind flys off the handle. I imagine these terrifying images manifesting into reality, ready to do me bodily and mental harm. With insatiable desire to consume my fear as energy.  
Feeding and draining me. He was just a child….  
Leaving the door slightly cracked, and covering my eyes and they will come and get me. The hallway becoming my sick mind to fill things that are not there to brood in perversity and horror. No longer do I cringe at the thought of the hallway and other areas of the house, but these memories are marked with fear and unknowable chaos. No longer just a mere physical location, rather it has transcended and morphed and directed my psyche. If not only in some small way or another.

Vulnerable. Terrified. Of what can be lurking in absolute nothingness.

I punish myself. I punished myself by forcing myself to stare at these grotesque images. I actively seek out to find the most depraved acts available through the internet. Yes, I’ve seen some bad stuff and thoroughly enjoyed it. Ask me about it and let's see how I squirm in my cowardice and shame. My deprecative behavior, coming to light finally in pronounced ignominy. They hurt as I hurt, as we all do. Stumbled walking and tongues sighing until the grand equalizer occurs: Death.  
I wanted to scar myself because it imbued this strange comfort and thrill. I bathed in this suffering and when my fears transmogrified into some sensorial experience, they wanted to drain me of everything.

Occasionally I need to keep the door locked wherever I live, because I believe(d) either you guys or my current roommates will come in whenever in some drug crazed zombie like state, foamed at the mouth, ready to lacerate me in hundreds of pieces. Overpower me into absolute death. People look at me… stare at me… and I avoid idle eye contact because they can see me. They can see someone who is suffering and they can laugh. They can have total power over me. Ready to pounce… and kill. They can have mental stimulation by seeing how an abject, destitute human acts like. Pitiful. It’s not true entirely obviously (I do have a basis in reality), but this is what my brain is telling me. So I listen… and acclimate it.  
I have no definitive yes or no on whether I was bullied as a child. I feel like my mind and memory is too cloudy to say

yes. Definitely something minor, but the way I trumped it up for others to seek solace, closure, retribution….I cannot say definitively. For a long time I convinced myself and other people, oh so many people, that I was regularly bullied.

**Take it with a grain of salt.**

I do know that I always felt socially isolated from everyone. I had friends and what not but I am my own person. I am constantly alone. My brain is in my skull and can only manifest itself into my own body, so I’m stuck to deal with what I have. Limited creatures we are. Feeble and minute  
Social isolation leads to Boredom and Boredom leads to creativity and creativity leads to madness. I’ve created these characters in my head to amuse myself. To keep myself entertained all these years. They have no definitive character or name, it’s just accents and amusements. Always talking to myself...blah blah blah…..  
I love it and a part of me loathes it. Now more than ever, I’m socially and emotionally distant from everyone through my own doing and persistence. End of high school = actively ignore everyone. And drown myself into myself.

My normal and your normal is not the same, but what makes you so sure that your reality is the correct one?  
Hoping to become completely disconnected from my thoughts. In some sort of transcendent way. Lo, I am Man and Flesh dictates my destiny.

Absolute. Crushing. Nothingness.

Woman says, ‘My kids are upstanding citizens within society’. Both those very kids are rotting in a putrid stench of shit.

Everything I do and say is dashed with lies. How could I be wearing a mask, if beneath it is unintelligibility. My mood and intentions, constantly in flux day to day, hour to hour. And I wear it to deceive others and even more deadly, to deceive myself. That’s how I would be remembered by had I’d been a different person and knew all the pertinent details to my life.

Enough tangents.

Food. Ah yes food. One of my many vices. Full blown orgy these days. Personal freedom will bring about my end swiftly. With a shotgun barrel lodged in my focal axis. Deep red shimmering, saturating the car. Only to be towed away, destroyed, and forgotten. Talking about my body as well of course. Because as a Man once said, Woman and Man are nothing more than slime, blood and bile. Consider what the nostrils, throat, abdomen hide...How can we desire to hug nothing more than a sack full of excrement?

A simple method in suppression of images and fears. Through consumption, masturbation, manipulation, distraction and flagellation. Doubts and shame. Perversion and anguish. All momentarily pushed by the wayside. To avoid everything that is corrupt and innately destructive. Consumption consumption...banal consumption. Constant acquisition and utility.

Did you not notice my exorbitant eating habits as a child? But you were just young adults wanting to provide your children with everything possible to keep them happy and more importantly, content. Even the best parents in the world can discharge a psychopath, a radicalist, a dictator, hermit or nescient foetus.

I know it’s not intrinsically built in you as parents to connect binge eating with crushing emotional degradation.

Maybe he just likes to eat a lot?.... Let me buy some more… He needs to find the strength within himself to overcome his gnawing, voracious desires… I can do it….so YOU can to.  
But by now he expelled all doubt and hesitation and he rarely questions impulse.  
Yes I do. But I also use it as a crutch.

To wane off the demon that is my existence.  
Yes Father, you comment on how ‘don’t let those demons get to you’. Rubbish. Foolish speak from you. How could you be so ignorant, when in fact, we are hypostatically connected with the demons. A perfect union.  
And yet l, I continue vomiting and protract this manifest garbed in freneticism.

Foaming at the mouth, spastic and writhing on the vine.

\*NAME OMITTED\* (she goes by \*NAME OMITTED\* now). The first person, in person, whom I loved. I used her. Again and again… I wanted to help her (as I tried to ‘help’ so many others in the past) to hopefully find some sort of resolution for myself. Slowly you realize the fragility of the human psyche and how little dominion you have over others actions.  
I won’t get into too many details, because of precisely that: There are way too much details. However, I think her rape (whether it was true or not does not matter, this is the life I’ve chosen, I lean very heavily on the truth) altered me. A sudden loss of control and sway. A crushing helplessness. A single moment.  
So what do I do? Completely break off everything? No… I love this person….  
So I stand by idly, never rushing any conversation or reaction. Just… being there.

But when something tragic like this happens, we can lose all fortitude and structure. So she did and so did I. So I began excising myself. I forced myself to become completely despondent and attempted to burn all feeling in order to ‘move on’. How do I do this? Make the one you love into sub-human. Mental training of repetition and cycling. Indulgence and pain. Dehumanization.

Yet, we stayed friends. We would get back together very loosely. As we grew older and more separated, I clinged onto dear life. She would be interested in other guys and I would interfere because on her side there was a hesitation...a hesitation of conflicting feelings and desire. Perverse or not, I still loved her and the pain was at point nigh unbearable. I was losing my fucking mind. Just as so many other times before and after.  
I acted as a tyrant. Desperately holding onto a possible escape from the constant mundane cycling of living.

Just the harrowing angst of responsibility. Hypnotized ad nauseam by the pendulum of doubt that oscillates between nothing and something. Active, inactive.

Never again. I am no longer desirable to anyone (even myself) because I’ve actively and continually to make it so.

I vomit out to you and you can be glad I am still alive because the thought of nonexistence is extremely tantalizing / the only option / what will come of you and everyone you love and don’t love...….eventually.

This is merely a toe dip because as you know...we are a complex species genuflecting to our reasons, logic and laws.

Also because I don’t feel like writing this sordid screed anymore.

Amen.