Broken bones, broken brain.I'm not sure where this is supposed to go, I just *really* need someone to talk to and/or some advice.

I came to London from the US at the end of August to stay with my boyfriend for 3 months. It started out wonderfully: he took me out to shows, movies, restaurants...it was almost like a dream. After the first week of my arrival, he went back to his demanding job, leaving me alone at the house for 10-12 hours a day to do (essentially) whatever I wanted to do. For a while, it was really nice. I'd take myself to museums, shops, work on music (I write and play the ukulele), go for walks, watch TV, play video games, read comix...you know, little distractions. 

After so long of doing this, I fell into a deep depression. The lack of sun/bone-chilling cold/rain, lack of company (it's near-impossible to make any friends in a city this size), drastic change in surroundings/not really knowing where to go, lack of stimulation, lack of funds to really go anywhere, being sick for around 70% of the time I was there, the dread/fear of having to go back home to the states (where I have absolutely nothing to go back to- no friends, home, zip zilch nada), coupled with my preexisting seasonal depression made it increasingly difficult to cope. Anyone in my position would have gotten at least a little bit depressed, I think. I felt so secondary, like a house cat or a plant...for the most part, my boyfriend's attentive enough when he's home, but being completely alone for that long all day every day takes its toll. A few days prior to this happening he told me that our age difference was bothering him and that sometimes I can be a bit draining when he gets home (he's 20 years my senior and used to living alone) so I took that as him wanting out of the relationship...the relationship I invested thousands of dollars, thousands of miles, and so much emotion and time into...which may or may not be the case, it just sounded and seemed like he wasn't interested in me anymore. Once he told me that though, he went back to being as affectionate as he had been before...but that conversation stuck with me and still really bothered me (and is still really bothering me, if I'm being honest). I am so scared that I will never see him again.

Anyways, one Friday night at the end of October, I decided to drink alone. A bad idea, I know, but I just thought it'd give me something to do. I wasn't doing it for any particular reason, just because I was sad and bored. My boyfriend wanted me to go out and meet him up at a show, but I stayed inside by myself and got black-out drunk instead. I had 5 massive Turkish beers (which I think were around 7-10% alcohol...beer is way stronger over here so it caught me off guard), and I was listening to Elliott Smith (another bad idea, particularly when drinking alone).

You can fill in the blanks...I tried to kill myself. I jumped from a third story window and broke my neck, spine, and pelvis. I was alone in a foreign country with no one else around. I don't know who called an ambulance, but when they finally arrived, I had nothing on my person but a broken mp3 player and the clothes on my back. Luckily my boyfriend phoned the hospital on a whim when he finally got home and couldn't find me, and he stayed with me in the ER all night...I was hospitalized for 28 days, and he took off work early every day I was there to bring me food (which is saying a lot for someone who has worked the same job for 20+ yrs and never calls off...it might have just been out of sympathy though). When I was in the hospital, he told me I need to find a focus, and he's right. I know what I need to do now, and it sucks that it took something like this to discover it, but at least I'm going to live and learn from this. Overall, my boyfriend has been very supportive, albeit he thinks it was a silly drunken accident. He still holds me, kisses me goodbye/good morning, puts up with my jumbled up brain, and talks to me the same as before. I have been so upset a large percentage of the time, and it is so hard to keep myself from crying constantly...I don't want to be poor company, especially the week before I leave, but it feels impossible to keep my brain under control. I haven't been able to sleep because of the pain/anxiety, which exacerbates the depression, and vice versa. He understands for the most part, but I think it's still very frustrating for him.

The pain is unimaginable...I'm still able to walk (with crutches) and should have a full recovery by Spring, but in the meantime it hurts so bad, both cerebrally and physically. I am petrified to fly home this Friday, as I cannot sit for longer than 40 minutes at a time without it hurting immensely, and that's not even taking into account the transfers/turbulence...just thinking about the flight is enough to make me nauseous. Does anyone on here have any coping tips? I need to sleep, I need to stop worrying so much about my relationship, I need to focus on recovering mentally, and I need to cut out the anxiety about my flight. Has anyone on here flown with a serious injury before? Are airlines very accommodating? The doctor said I'd be okay to fly, but I can't see how this is going to work since I can't even sit down for longer than 40 minutes at a time. Also, I need tips on coping with the depression that results from chronic pain...I keep telling myself that it will get better and I'm on the mend, but that doesn't really help. Any and all help/advice would be greatly appreciated...thank you.