I think I am approaching my breaking pointI think I am approaching my breaking point.

I am in a relatively happy marriage,  but I hate working (important distinction: I don't hate my job, I hate working and will thus hate all jobs ever, no matter how good).  I grew up in a toxic, abusive family and community and was diagnosed with dysthymia in college.  In addition, I seem to have a possible genetic predisposition to mental illness: my mother has schizophrenia, an aunt has borderline personality disorder, another aunt has paranois delusions and was hospitalized for them, and several other family members are "off".  Incidentally, I have estranged myself from most of them, because they treated me terribly, even after I became an adult.

I went to counseling sessions and took anitdepressants for several years, but it never truly helped.  I ended up comitting myself to a hospital once for strong suicidal thoughts, but was treated terribly there; the patients (myself among them) were made to stand in the sun and sleep on a dirty linoleum floor because of lack of beds, the staff was mean, and alternated between being abusive and telling us we would be better if we found Jesus.  I didn't have any real time with a pyschiatrist or therapist during the committment: just 5 minutes where I was asked if I was still feeling suicidal,and then sent on my way.  There were no books or newspapers to read, no therapeutic activities.  We were expected to color like 5 year olds, watch a movie every now and then, and then...nothing.  It was clear that no one gave one single fuck.  I checked myself in to try to get better, but it just made me worse in a lot of ways, and now I am hesitant to every seek treatment again.

I never stopped being depressed, but I had a workable depression.  Now, I can't cope at all.  I want to cease to exist.  I have constant, uncontrollable day dreams of killing myself.  Sometimes I think of just leaving--just walking off into the sunset and leave everything and building a new life--but can't bear to do that to my spouse.  I feel like I am ruining my spouses's life, and they'd be better if they had never met me.  I get so angry at life, especially at the prospect of having to work until my 60s.  I've tried running my own business, I've tried changing careers, I've tried new jobs, but nothing can erase the fact that every morning I wake up with the realization that my life is not truly my own.  That I am going to spend the next three decades being a slave to someone else's profit margin.

Nothing brings me joy anymore, and my deepest wish is to simply cease to exist.  I've felt this way during the "happy" moments as well.  There has never been a time within the last five years, no matter how happy or sad, where my most secret burning desire hasn't been to simply retroactively have never existed.

I've run out of reasons to keep going.  The very act of existing is painful.  I've gone through all of the standard responses in my head (suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, think of your loved ones, it will get better, etc...) and they all sound like shit.  I just....I can't.

I am looking for a reason why I should go on.