Pissed Off I GuessI know I should probably post this on an alt but anyone who sees this that knows me probably already knows I'm dealing with some shit.  I don't know if I "want to commit suicide" but I sure as hell think about it a lot.  Multiple times a day.  I've lost my job through no fault of my own, had my car totaled awhile back, also through no fault of my own, and I have been struggling to find another job.  I don't have help with anything now and I'm supposed to be moving in with my girlfriend in a couple months.  But being broke and struggling to find a job that's not looking good either.  If you choose to comment don't tell me to use public transport, that's shitty and not very versatile where I live.  People keep telling me things are gonna be get better and it's all great while they can go to work and drive their flashy sports cars.  I could slam my head into the wall until I passed out or died just from the sheer blinding rage every day has turned into.  Things have gone downhill pretty fucking consistently and I'm getting sick of it.  I go to interviews at the few places that are near me and they say they'll call back.  I'm qualified, but so are the 20 other people applying for that same job.  I've been ignored time and time again but I gotta act professional, I cant tell them how disrespectful they're being until I know I didnt get the job. 

This isn't asking for help.  I'm just pissed off and I don't want to tell anyone face to face and I cant afford therapy.  If you read it say what you will because I'm not pissed at anyone reading this.  Probably.  I know I have depression and anxiety but I've never been this depressed.  If this is the "real world" like people say it is then fuck this.  I try to stay optimistic but when I can barely get out of bed that's pretty hard.  Yeah I'm only 20, but I was definitely doing better a year ago before things all went to shit.  I don't know if I'm not trying hard enough but it kind of feels like I am.  But hey, I'm sick of waiting, and im pretty fucking sick of feeling like this.  I don't have any good way to deal with it anymore, I mean shit I cant even buy a pack of cigarettes now thanks to the bullshit laws.  Maybe this'll get removed and maybe I should've posted on an alt but I don't care at this point.  Just hope the cops don't show up at my door because that'd suck.