Please be careful what kind of advice you give to people. I know I may come across as an asshole here. Most of you will think what I say here is dangerous, but I wish I had been told this when I was a teenMy biggest regret is that I didn't commit suicide earlier. When I was younger and had fewer people who loved me. When my family and I hated each other. When I didn't have coworkers, customers, roommates, a dog, best friends and family who rely deeply on me. I'm the social glue that holds so many groups together. I'm so instrumental to so many peoples lives. 

Yet, all I can think about is how I wish I had never gotten to this place and I had killed myself when I was a teen. It's horrible. I feel stuck now. Like I would ruin so many lives and hurt so many people. I saw one of my best friends suffer when her childhood best friends suicide and it horrified me. I can't imagine putting my family and friends through that. I get visions and dreams of the utter misery I would cause people if I killed myself and I hate it. I just can't do that to people. 

I thought making a difference in the world, donating money, helping other, having girlfriends, having sex, making money, having friends, partying, getting therapy, getting on a new SSRI, etx. would finally make me happy. And it does. Don't get me wrong. There are moments of pure bliss. But are they worth the hours, days, weeks, months and years of what feels like indefinite suffering and pain? All the happiness and bliss is so temporary. The normal is pain. I feel like my only purpose in life is to ensure others don't suffer while I suffer the vast majority of the time. I wish I could end it. I wish I hadn't gotten to this place.

Please just listen to suicidal people. Don't tell them to hold out and have false hope. Just listen and empathize. It's so fucked up, but in a lot of ways I wish someone told me this when I was younger. That I would get to a place that so many people rely on me that I feel like I'm not allowed to end my suffering. I hope that once my mom dies I can finally do it. But for now, it's decades of more pain and suffering for me.