"I never thought I'd end up this way. I never thought I'd fall so far away."
Well...I was asked to make a throwaway and post something here a few days ago...suppose I should.  Just to start off, I am fine now.  However, last weekend I was a bit fed up and just had a lot of stuff hit me at once...and, started wanting out.

In order to get the story, we have to go back...

For about five years now, I have been dealing with the dating world....The longest relationship I have had (2 years) was coming to an end, and I knew it..but wouldn't admit it..was clinging to it...didn't know anything else.  Since then I have dated girls for, oh...a month or two...before they end up cheating, or they just get to be too much too fast.  Two years ago I was working at a local gas station, made a friend of one of the employees, and my life started to change.  Up to this point I had always pretty much been a loner, the "shy guy"...with this new friend I would do pretty much everything. I would stay there every weekend (we ended up going to another job, working four tens) and we would get drunk as hell.  I loved it, but I hated it....I finally got out of that, and had a falling out with him...then met two other friends...started a band, as I love music, and life was good...wasn't worried so much about dating.....now one has a kid on the way, the other works weird shifts....so back to being a loner....except this time, it is more or less because I hate people.  I have been talking to a girl I met online (not a dating site or anything, just a site similar to facebook)...it turned into more than a freindship, and for the past month we have had plans every weekend.......however, something always comes up and I don't find out until too late....I kinda gave up, and started talking to someone else...she found out, and flipped....now she is pulling the same crap...less talking, blah blah blah...I already know nothing is coming of this.

That is what sparked the feeling/thought.  But essentially, the reasoning is that I really do not see a point in making myself miserable because people in this world are cold, hell...it is making me cold....but coupled with that is the fact that I see the more and more retarded people, milking off people like me who work their ass off for a living....I honestly think economic collapse is coming..and am starting to hope for it....but last weekend I didn't care...I see my dreams falling apart, and I didnt know what to do..was just overwhelmed.  Then I realized, I dont need this shit...The whole reason I am often "passed up" is because of my mindset: Don't like a guy with long hair? Don't like my tattoo? Don't like my music? Fuck off, stop judging me. (not assaulting anyone, just trying to tell the story)....Basically, I need to stop with the self pity, and be me..if someone doesn't like it..why do I want to know them?


Anyway..I'll comment if anyone wants elaboration..just wanted to get it off my chest...trying to be more outspoken and stop holding that stuff in.