24/M/UK - Bad decisions and an awful starting hand has me ruined already - Checking out, see you.Started a tech-startup with friends after graduating 13 months ago. Worked 18 hrs a day on it much to my physical and mental detriment. It's meant to be a huge charitable marketplace for Uni Students to trade notes, connect with their Unions etc... Got really far but needed to get loans, took them and then things went south due to under-estimating the costs we'd need to bring it to market in a fully usable state. Now £30k in debt and my friends are equally in a mess - they've all had to stop working with me to find other work. How shitty of me huh? Leaving them all in the lurch like this.   


Been looking for a job knowing it will mean we'll have to pack up shop officially but haven't even found one in 3 months of looking pretty diligently. I am a shell of my former self, heavily depressed, reclused for over a year while working on this and have nobody around anymore - deleted my soc media accounts and got rid of my phone until recently. It's like I pre-prepared an easy exit unknowingly...   


Feel like I just woke up to the reality that this is what has happened and truthfully I think I'm going to do it in the next 7 days tops - I don't wanna hit 25 for some reason. Found a painless, easy way to go too. This will destroy my mother who raised me and my brothers alone in inner-city London... she worked so hard to just put food on the table and loves us so much. I haven't spoken to her or anyone in my family properly for just as long, I'm just stuck. I've lost over 18kg in the last year, I'm gaunt and just wrecked. Scared to go outside, unable to talk to anyone or seek therapy (if that'd even help...) just ready to die and accept whatever the consequences might be. Can't even write or talk about it publicly because it'd disqualify me as someone worthy of investment despite the idea/platform getting loads of attention this past year. I'm tired.  


**I'd just like to say that I love you all and hope you young'uns take care of your finances properly, no matter how great you feel your idea(s) are or how many people you believe it'll help. Don't jump into a startup out of University. Just don't - please. Entrepreneurship is pure hardship, and without strong characters around you, you'll end up burnt out and financially ruined too.**   


Sadly, no amount of working is going to dent this or my £60k student loans. If I do find a job, this'll be over and we'll all have to admit that it's done. If I don't, I'll probably snap sooner from sitting in front of my PC all hours of the day trying to find work and working alone on the platform. Mum is still busting her ass off to keep food on the table and electricity/gas bills paid up too, I feel awful... like I couldn't describe. Just worthless. 