I want out.I don't even know what I expect out of posting this. I'll get a hand full of people telling me, "you're so young! You got so much going for you! Chin up! It gets better!" And I'll say, "thanks" and nothing will change. I don't know. I just want to vent, I guess.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm really young. Above eighteen, obviously, but not very much older. I've been struggling with depression that is gradually increasing in intensity every fucking day. Basic run down, my parents were drunks and substance abusers who still live with each other despite hating each other to death. The fights began when I was little. I had to protect my younger sister. The fights always resulted in broken glass, blood, screaming, and the cops taking someone away. They probably happened just about every night. When I was 13, Child Protective Services took my sister and I away for two years. Sometimes I wonder if the trauma dealt by my parents was easier to live through when compared to CPS.

When I was in CPS, they diagnosed me with a mess of things. Anxiety disorder, PTSD, clinical depression, and about a few others... I went through about six therapists. When I turned eighteen, my medical insurance was cut. Every single day since I first walked in through the door to my first foster home, I have wanted to die. The only thing that has kept me around is the guilt of leaving my sister behind.

I've tried to kill myself before but I always chickened out. Now, I don't even have the energy to plan it. This fucking year has been just a complete shit show. I distanced myself from my family and started living with some college crush only to fuck everything up going on in my long term relationship by cheating on him with the crush. I've never cheated. I've never distanced myself. I've never been this far away from myself... I feel like a different person. I'm a horrible, terrible, lying, cheating, egocentric, idiot. I used to be so caring and compassionate and wise. I was the waterfall of love and hope to everyone around me. I don't recognize me anymore. No one truly loves me or likes me. Everyone is just tolerating my existence until I leave the room.

My skin is dry. I can't eat anymore. I'm not hungry. The nightmares have gotten worse. Every waking moment is just me pretending to be fine. There's a beeping noise in one of my ears that makes it impossible to even sit in silence anymore. My mom thinks its tinnitus but we'll never fucking know because the government can't verify my identity so I can get medical assistance but for some fucking reason I can still receive financial aid to go to college.

I'm hopeless. I hate this body. I'm fat and sick and ugly and a horrible person and there's no way to fix me. I want out of this body. I want out of this lifetime. I'm scared of my own skin and I can't bare to be alone because I hear things and see things because I haven't slept. Everything hurts. I've reached out for help and absolutely no fucking person on planet earth knows what to tell me. No one cares. They'd probably all shed a tear at my funeral and say, "we had no idea!" And then completely forget about me a month later.

My feelings aren't even valid, are they? I'm just a stupid angsty youth "that doesn't even know what real struggle is."

&amp;#x200B;

I want out of this life but I'm too chickenshit to just get it over with. I don't want to survive it.