My best friend has crushed me, and any passion I had for life has been destroyed. I feel completely empty and I don’t know how much longer I can hold onto life for.This is going to be a bit of a long read, but if you have the patience to go through it all then thank you for giving a complete stranger some of your time. 
I’m not sure if what I write makes sense to only me, it’s not all the details, and they might not be in order, I just need to talk to anyone. I need to vent. 


So some background, my best friend of about 6 years now lives in Japan to teach. He’s done just over 18 months and has just under 18 months to go.  He lived in England all his life as well as me. I met him trough an ex of mine. Me and my friend lived together at one point with 5 other people. One of them people was my boyfriend at the time. We were all friends. My best friend had a girlfriend over in japan. She had to move away. They would still be together if she never had to move. He still loves her and I have no doubt they would get back together again if they have the chance. 



At Christmas, my best friend was visiting for 3 weeks from japan, me and him hooked up. We had both gone through a break up recently with our partners, and we were both enjoying single life. We ended up sleeping together after a night out, and after some hesitation as we lay in the same bed together, he made a move on me and I didn’t reject him. I wasn’t with anyone else and neither was he, and I hadn’t had sex in a while, I figured we were both mature enough to stay friends and not have it be weird after, even though that was the reason I would never make a move on him, but it was happening, so I went with it.



It was amazing and he was amazing, and I’ve never felt so comfortable in bed with someone ever in my life before. 



A few years ago we were both in a similar position, but because he was my best friend, and I was beginning to get involved with someone else, I never acted upon what his intentions were of sleeping with me, and I never really thought about it again after that. 


Anyway, back to Christmas, and the next day we hung out, it was nice, we could be close and at no point did it feel awkward in any way, I felt so comfortable and happy. I suffered with depression and anxiety quite badly, but over the last few months I finally started getting a bit of a lust for life back after years of having suicidal thoughts and some of the most harrowing years of my life. I figured out a career I wanted to pursue and it got me back into committing to my passion of drawing again. Being with him only made life seem that much brighter. I was having fun with him and I understood that this might not last, but I was at least having fun with someone I could be myself around. 

We got closer over the time he was down, real close. He told me he loved me one night during sex. I said to myself I wasn’t going to say that again to someone unless I truly meant it. I said it back. It felt so right. I was so relieved to hear him say it to me, everything felt so right. My life finally felt so right. We eventually said we were boyfriend and girlfriend. He told me how he was always going to be there for me. He told me he was going to make me happy. He told me I deserved to finally be happy.  He gave me hope. 


I believed him. 


He told me to come to japan with him. I said I can’t, I need to try peruse my career. He understood, but said the offer was there if I changed my mind. I told him I would think about it. 


I thought about it, I decided i wanted to go. I wanted to see him and the great things he’s doing with his life. I’m so proud of everything he’s achieved and of him. He’s a great person, one of the best people I’ve met, and the thought of not seeing him again for another year killed me. 



We talked about a few things from the past. One thing that came up was how he said he was madly in love with me for years. I never knew. He always tried sleeping with my friends and I thought that was him just being him, but it was his way of coping with me not reciprocating any of the feelings back. I didn’t know. I apologised for my behaviour, I was in such a bad spot in my life back then that I couldn’t see past many of my wishes to just die. He said it was all okay, he thought that I may not have known.  Part of the reason him going to japan was so he could get over me. He got over me before he left, and I’m glad, because obsessing over some you can’t have is toxic. It kills me to think I was messing with his mind like I was. 


We talked about when we first slept together. We talked about if I would have made the first move if it was down to me. I said no, he’s too special to me as a friend, and I wouldn’t have had the courage to do it on my own and risk our friendship. I told him I was happy he made a move though, he was amazing in bed. 


“I knew what I wanted, and I took it.”


When we were together, hearing them words was erotic, as they were intended Now... now I will remember those fucking words until the day I die. 


He eventually flew back to japan. We agreed the he would pay for half my flight, and I could live with him rent free and I could share his food. I said I will work a few more months so I can bring enough money, and I don’t want him paying for everything. We both desperately wanted to see each other again, so we agreed we’d book my ticket at the end of January, and I would fly out a few months later. 
Ticket booked, plan was to stay 3 months and extend to 6. Things were going great, we spoke every day through messenger and occasionally phone calls. He made me feel loved and I did the same to him. I couldn’t believe how after being with so many people I never really could love, I was so lucky to finally be with someone I truly wanted to share everything with. Have you ever loved and miss someone so much it physically hurts? Well, that was me. 


Over time, the texts get less and less throughout the day. I start doubting things, but he would always eventually send a message and it would make me smile again. I knew he was busy, so I didn’t let it get to me. 


He called me a few hours ago, I knew it was bad. We talked, it came down to he wants to travel and my career I want to follow requires me to stay in England. I would do anything for him though. I told him while he is travelling I can get my apprenticeship going, and when he’s done at uni we have more options. He said I don’t want kids and he does. I said why does he think I was saying how much of a good father I think he would be? He was the one saying how he doesn’t want kids. Truth for me is I’ve never been with someone I’d ever want to start a family with, but with him I did. I do. It feels right. I know to him it just looks like I’m grasping at anything to keep him, and I guess you can’t make someone see the truth if they don’t want to, but I’ve only ever been honest with him about anything. I wouldn’t lie about something as committed as that. 

Ultimately,  it’s completely unfair of me to be any kind of burden to him though, and I have to let him follow his dreams. I’ve always told him to and even in this horrible situation, I know he’s made the right decision. As much as all of this kills me, he’s being sensible. 


We talked some more. I told him I’ve given up my job and bought a ticket to come down, I can’t go back there. How the fuck can I face all those people again? People I was telling about the man I was absolutely in love with. About the man who was making my life worth living. The man I would give absolutely anything for to make sure he is happy. How the fuck can I go back there? What the fuck have you done? You’ve torn down my fucking life because you knew what you wanted and you fucking took it. 


I’m crushed. 


And the worst part is everything he said is valid. How can we make something work when he’ll be in other countries for years? When he doesn’t want to come back to the country I need to stay in? 


He will always be my best friend, and my closest friend, and I don’t know if I’m more destroyed over the fact I didn’t put my foot down about sleeping with him, or letting this happen and knowing about the absolutely amazing soul he is, and losing it all in an instant. 


We will never have what we had back before all of this. I told him that. I can’t believe everything was a lie.  Unintentional, but still all lies. If this was the happiness I deserved, then I don’t want to be happy again. I truly believe in balance, and for as much joy and excitement you are having, you will have an equal amount of pain and sadness, and boy was I fucking happy. 


I love him though, and I don’t want to lose him as a friend. If it can’t work out together then let’s try be friends. I’m still going to japan, and I’m staying with him still. He said I can stay for up to 6 months if I’m having a great time, or I can leave earlier, whatever I’m most comfortable with. I said let’s just have fun. He said we’ll still travel everywhere we planned to.  It sounds fun, and I still want his friendship. It might not work out as friendship but I won’t know unless I try. I still want to see him. I don’t want to lose him as a friend. I think he’ll get back with his ex after teaching. 


I’m happy for him. I’m happy for his dreams. 


I’m not sure if I’ll come home. 