Struggling to see the point when there's no cureGod dammnit. I try so hard to move past depression and I get so excited whenever I do. But it comes back; it always comes back. 

This time around, the calm only lasted 4 days. I was so excited to have my life back that I set up plans and dates to catch up with friends and go to the gym. I usually have a month or two of living normally before the depression hits again, but this time I only got four fucking days. 

I tried to help myself by trying to recreate the circumstances that lead my out of depression, but I know it's not the way to go and is just killing me in other ways. When I don't eat, I'm happy. I'm starting to think it's less because of the control over my body and more because my body can't be fucked feeling sad when it's starved. So really, depressed or not, I'm slowly killing myself. 

I know I try to be positive and logical on this board but I am so frustrated and defeated right now. I'm honestly struggling to see the point in continuing any further. I lie in bed and my heart beats so slowly and my breathing is so shallow, it feels like I'm already dying. It's to the point where I'm posting here and I'm not begging for help, I'm just giving in and throwing my thoughts out. I'm so tired, everyone. I'm sorry and tired. 

I just don't see a point anymore. Despite how many times I've told myself that this storm will pass, that this ugliness is temporary and not my fault, it doesn't stop the emotional and physical toll of depression. It doesn't soften the blow anymore. It may pass but I don't want it to come back. It might not be my fault but that doesn't stop it from hurting me and the people I love. 

When I get thoughts of suicide, I always look to my motivation board and then go to my room where there are no objects that can aid in suicide to tempt me. But today is different. I'm in my room, on my bed staring at the ceiling. But everything around me looks tempting. I've cleaned my room and made it tidy in a bid to busy myself, but it's more like I've dressed it so that when my family comes home, it's not as disheveled and messy. If I slip away now, it'd look peaceful and maybe they won't feel as sad.