One. More. Month.A little about me: White male, 29, average build and height; nothing special. Just another Amerifag really, except minus the millennial selfie-cultured bullshit. Hell, at my new job, I have a doppelganger. Same mannerisms, build, haircut. Maybe that gives you a sense of how average I am. Anyway, I've battled severe depression most of my life. I've lost most my family, including the man I knew as my father at eight; waking up late to school to find him cold next to me (we shared the master bedroom). I continued living with my grandfather until the corrupt organization DCF whisked me away to the prison-like homes where I spent over three years abused by multiple families. Fast forward to high school. Poor living conditions, but I had friends, and excelled in army ROTC. So, I finished school early and enlisted. First large mistake of my life. I saw corruption there as I've never seen it before. Abuse of power, drill sergeants under the influence of alcohol, bringing civilian women into the barracks and forcing exercise on troops just to show off, openly admitted gang members, threats of friendly fire among the ranks.. The list can go on. Some things I expected of basic training, but what's wrong is wrong. Regardless, I wanted out. This was not the military I grew up respecting. So, I quit. I stopped doing anything in basic, and received a general discharge. I felt I was cheated. Maybe if I went in a few weeks earlier or later I would've been instructed by hardened individuals that gave a fuck about their country, and not just themselves. I was sullen, bitter. Shortly thereafter, lost and depressed. No longer did I have a life long career. I had no plans. And it wasn't long before my fiance was gone too. So, like the good little proud patriot, I pick up the pieces and continue chasing the American dream. Skip ahead a few years of struggling, poor relationships and employment, and I land a seasonal role at busch gardens howl-o-scream as a scareactor (best job ever, just saying). My first year went beautifully. I made friends, I was engaging in outings. Things were looking up, and financial troubles didn't bother me as much. I grew up poor, so having any money was great. A fellow actress and I hit it off, and started dating shortly after the season ended. Second biggest mistake, and I'm violently risen from that American dream. This bane of my poor existence carries the name erica. I refuse to hide her name or information. In my desperation for affection, I ignored every warning until it was too late. It started with her alcohol intake. I offered help, and every time I went to her apartment I found bottles of rum stashed away. Well, everyone has their vices right? Then came "modeling". Posing nude for cash. I'm open minded enough, no harm there. Right? Then came an ex. Sending threatening messages to both of us. Police handled it. Until he sent a photo of her naked, covered in ejaculate. Of course I investigated, and was explained away as an old photo, and he was trying to start shit. Alas, at least something came of my years reading Arthur Conan Doyle; a bruise present in the photo was fresh on her body. I willingly take that blow, and try to continue on. At last, I come over early from work to surprise her, and she seems agitated. In the room I notice a small handbag that's usually hung in the closet draped on a chair. Immediately I notice a fair amount of cash in it. Surprising, coming from a woman who was trying to make ends meet. So, I grab it, and proceed to lose my fucking mind. 50 one dollar bills, five condoms, miscellaneous makeup and perfume and an assortment of pills at the bottom. A fucking whore. Literally. I made my way out, wrecking a few things in the process. Thinking that was over was my third mistake. She was evicted from her apartment, and out of desperation shacked up with a fellow actor from the previous season. A few weeks later, she contacted me, and stupid me follows the wrong brain. Loneliness makes you do stupid shit I guess. So, I pick her up right down the road where she lives with this guy, and we fuck in the parking lot of a library. Believing all the protestations of not having any interest in this guy mind you (because he was a little slow and kinda gross). After that little sojourn, I was done completely. And what do you know, she marries the retard. Just for a place to stay I'm sure. So. Mind you, all our sexual encounters were with protection. A few months pass, and I get sick. Surprise. HSV-2. A week later, severe HPV begins to grow, taking over the vast majority of my junk. Which brings us ladies and gentlemen, to today. Three years after this treacherous whore prayed on me. I haven't been the same person since. I've broken contact with most people I knew. I've sabotaged any progress I've made over and over again, because I quit caring. It's too easy to say fuck it, and watch whatever I've worked for our towards crumble in front of me. I've sold most my possessions, and bought an rv because I wanted to travel. It has instead become my sarcophagus. It's not road worthy, and in disrepair. So. Here I sit. Alone. I'm working a decent job, to which most my money is gone before the week is out. I'm just so tired of the monotony of this life. I have no end goal, and thanks to the whore, I'm sentenced to celibacy and the loneliness that it accompanies. Also nb4 "there's people with the same condition, blah blah" fuck you. I wasted money on positive singles.com for an entire year just to have aids patients tell me I should die, or I'm ugly, etc. Mind you, these are people who paid money to be on this site that went out of their way to degrade me. I can't afford Healthcare thanks to this wonderful cuntry we slave for, so I've taken matters in my own hands. Over the past year, I've performed numerous surgeries on myself to stop, or at least slow the cancerous growths. Nothing has helped. I do have some medical training, so I wasn't going to cause more damage in my ventures, in case you're curious. But it continues to grow. By the week. I'm in constant pain all over my body. Whether it's related to the illnesses or something else, I'll never know. I've reduced myself to drinking copious amounts of cask strength whiskey, passing out nightly. My weekends are usually slept through, with an occasional bite of food and whiskey to finish. I'm tired of fighting for anything. I see this world gone to shit. People obsessing over their favorite celebrity or latest trend, and they can't even feed their kids or bother to help a neighbor. Look who our president is for fucks sake. This of course is just a snippet of what my life has been like. I want to write so much more about my experiences, but like the stars in this vast universe, my dissertation would be one among countless others. So, I've given myself one month. To win the lottery, to get laid, to find my way out of this country. All are equally unlikely, as I'm not motivated enough to pursue anything. After 30 days, my preferred choice of execution by hanging will be done in a peaceful setting according to the US army's drop distance table for hanging. I chose this solely because I feel when I gave up, I let down generations of strong men and women who fought for my future, as bleak as it turned out. And cowardice (was/is?) punishable by death. Also, hanging being one of the oldest tried and true methods. A bit of symbolism at the end. I write this because, well, I don't know why really. I'm not crying for help. My belief has always been that humanity is a plague on the earth, and either we leave to colonize other stars or survive until the next extinction level event. As George Carlin said, "the planet is fine, always has been. It's the people that are fucked." I just want people to step back and see that life isn't the same for everyone. There's no equal opportunity, it's not in human nature. We judge from the outside, we fight, we step on others to succeed, we only help others to make ourselves feel good or better our positions. There's a select few that break the mold, but either you're born into money, or you struggle your life away chasing it. Side note: I have a practiced voice. I've been closet singing since I was young. I can croon right along with the legends like Sinatra and Elvis, give the diaphragm hell in matching James Hetfield, and even grace the higher notes of Stevie Wonder and Adam Levine (difficulty +10 on Adam). But, because I'm just an average white guy, no good looks or chisled body with good teeth, I've never been taken seriously. I get approached like some bummy fuck most places I go. Doesn't help morale much, and I've got severe performance anxiety from it. So to conclude my ramblings, I refuse to continue living on this path to destruction. I want to leave before this disease eats me. While I still have strength. While I'm young. While my morality is still intact. So. Thanks for reading, and watch more Star Trek. Start with the next generation if you've never seen it. Many good lessons to be learned. Also, the YouTube channel Vsauce. Michael Stevens has a way of explaining topics very well. 

-Q