Can't even sleep anymore.I'm getting truly desperate in life. I'm a 20 year old male. My parents went through a rough divorce when I was around 12. My dad's been an alcoholic my whole life. I never thought these things affected me but now I'm not so sure. I had a good life in school, had lots of friends and played sports. I met a girl when I turned 16. She made me happy and I spent everyday with her. This was the happiest I have ever been but obviously it didn't last. I had my first taste of heartbreak and I turned heavily to drugs. I live on an island so starting using darknet markets to get drugs from a very young age. This gave me access to anything I wanted. I started taking loads of Ecstasy pills after my break up (bearing in mind I wasn't testing shit so fuck knows what I was taking) and using cannabis to sleep. I seen the way people who sold pills got treated by everyone. People got excited when they were around. I wanted that. So regretfully against my Morales I starting selling and ordering them for people. A boy then died of a Cardiac arrest after taking to many pills. I truthfully don't know if it was pills I brought up or if it was someone else's as there was so many about back then. People on the island blamed me for it though and things starting happening. That's something I'll carry with me for the rest of my life and rightfully so. I pray that it wasn't the pills I was bringing up that he OD' on but either way I knew what I was doing was Morally wrong but I still did it. I lost all the friends I had in school because they didn't want anything to do with the way I was behaving so I can't blame them for that. I never touched an Ecstasy tablet again. 

Fast forward a year or two of not being up to much except trying to keep myself sedated with whatever I had handy my mum started to become sick of me. I was kicked out and couldn't live with my dad and his wife because if anyone had tried to live with 2 alcoholics then I'm sure you can understand. I ended up living in a homeless shelter for a year and this very nearly destroyed me. I was taking Xanax and Valium and ended up with a pretty bad addiction. I decided to stop this cold turkey one day and since then nothing has brought me even momentary happiness. Few months later I started drinking GHB daily. My mum then let me move back in and one day she found me in a severe GHB coma and paramedics were called. I then stopped using GHB and have been trying and failing to remain sober. My vices now are weed and alcohol. If I could sleep well then I'd put them both down but I seem to have bad insomnia.

People always say ask for help but I genuinely am but no one is coming to help. My mum and dad don't get it and seem to busy in there own lives for me. I've expressed to them how suicidal I am probably in the hopes that they would do something but they don't. The mental health services on my island are virtually non existent so even going to doctors is pointless which I've tried. I guess you have to attempt suicide before anyone believes you. I've applied for online CBT so I'll see how that goes. On the other hand I'm waiting on opiates coming so I'll probably end up with another addiction or maybe be brave enough to eat the whole lot and hopefully not wake up. Might sound odd to people that I'm going out of my way to buy something I know I'll probably get addicted to but in all honesty I prefer to be an addict than feel the way I currently do.

I've missed out a lot of details and apologies for any grammatical errors, it's the morning and I haven't slept. Was getting bored of tossing and turning in bed so just wanted to share my story. Any advice would be much appreciated.