Losing friends, given up on finding loveJust going to get straight to the point. This covid shit is getting to me. I'm at home bored as fuck. I cant find the motivation to do anything besides play video games watch Netflix and smoke weed. I receive 2k a month since I used to work in the restaurant business of social media marketing now I dont have a job. I dont even know if my company can come  back strong after this so I just might leave. I'm just going to get a normal factory job. I used to draw and now I just cant. No motivation. I was the lead graphic designer for my company and now I ain't shit. My friends always are asking how I'm doing and I just ignore them or say that I'm good. The people around me have good jobs but I'm just a virus to them. I dont even know why they still keep me as a friend. 

Since I was in high school I always had a chance going out with girls but I never summed up the courage to. Never had a gf. 26. Only time I have sex is at a strip club when I pay for it. I'm talking to a girl right now that's into me. But I make promises I know I cant keep. I give up on furthering my relationship with people because I know things will go to shit. I'm not good with me, so somewhere down the line we'll crash. And I'll break up with her. And I cant go through pain. So I'd rather not feel anything. Yea my friends tell me it's worth the pain so try. But right now with no career, no motivation, I've given up. 

I really do wana pull the plug. But I'm just scared of what comes next. I dont think I can really do it , but I would if I knew what comes next. I dont want to go insane and I'm holding myself back from never coming back. It's hard. My mother has been the best thing in my life. Shes always there for me. And I dont want to let her down. I'm just trying to find suggestions of how to keep on fighting. This is the lowest point in my life. How do I keep going when I've given up on my career, relationships and friends? 

Sorry I just needed to vent. It's been a long time since I did something like this.