It just seems like the right idea at the moment. I could use your kindness.Hi reddit. I've lurked a while, and things in my life have lately come to a fever pitch. I feel trapped by everything, and I don't feel like I live in a world where I'm truly free anymore. My relationships are burning me alive, and even my friendships feel porous and deceitful. I could use the kind words, cause I know there are no answers. I included my poetry, I don't know why, I guess to seem like an individual worth encouraging. I can't escape the overriding feeling that everything in my life is rotting. Thanks for your time.

I'm a well-traveled man, with a stride and a plan,

to wander less near from so far,

But nothing I will see or ever have seen,

beats back the Big Bang in my yard.

See, Williker Tidds, who lived with his kids,

was a bootlegger hot off the south,

and when prohibition brought in inhibition,

Ol' Williker whistled his mouth,

and said Jesus H Christ boy these people these people!

All looking for just a load off,

Now run back and forth and stay drunk on the sly,

While the cops, they retreat from the law,

And though the money all goes up the expenses hose,

What if one could handle the weight?

Could one make such a still that its liquor would fill

Every Sub-Mason-Dixon-Line State?

Well Jehosephat Joe I know just where to go, there's a rock that fell

out of the sky, And its shiny and hard and not an inch of its charred even though ten

foot round the brush died.

And the sound it creates when you hit it or knock it is softer than you

think it would,

And the air doesn't smell like there's burning, in fact the scent

surrounding's quite good,

But its steel-like and feels like a distant vibration, a rail for a train yet

to come, And its cold as a spring even though the damn thing is just cookin'

right there in the sun. So he brought in a team, and they all got the rock to sit stark on the

back of his trailer, And he hammered and blacksmithed and worked on great sheets of the

asteroid, thinner and paler,

And with tireless zeal and a few hurried meals, Tidds fashioned a

splendid machine,

And he stuffed it with grains and he churned up a batch that he knew

would be sweet, strong, and clean.

But when the day came to cash in on his game, Williker gasped, cause

he wasn't sure

If inside of the still, floating round in the mash, was a light, so bright

and so pure,

that a glance would set ones imagination on fire, and the soul too

would in rapture burn,

For the colors contained in that shimmer or glimmer would take a gods

mind just to learn,

And he swallowed and watched with a glow on his face, and a helpless

look right in his eyes,

He said "Mercy, what...what is that?" and then went inside and turned

off the light,

But at night he rest stubbornly and the thoughts in his head

Ran around in insomniac roar,

And when he sat on the edge of the foot of his bed,

The light glowed outside of his door.

With a start he stood up and ran right to his still,

which emitted a casual hum,

and the light that shot out from the top of the tank,

lit the night like a placebo sun,

And his shout was so loud that was wife, the old cow, woke and

waddled outside just to yell,

But the second she saw what dropped Willikers jaw then so too Etnas

jaw promptly fell,

For the tank had been melting for quite a long time, and the whiskey

had boiled away,

And the brand new universe just sat there, shining, at the end of its

very first day.

Theres a lot going on, in universe spawn, some things that you really

can't know,

Like the sound planets make when theyre bumping and thumping as

the galaxies they're inside grow,

And the trillion quarks, making zillions of sparks, as they bristle and

crystal-collide,

And the nebulas blooming and supernovas booming for young stars are

too doomed to die,

And just hanging in air, over two wide-eyed stares, the universe

gained dimension and size,

And its growth was quite slow,

But quite steady and so, in a year, the Tidds moved, lest they died,

For their house had been burned by a baby red giant. like a superball

coated with lava,

And their vase was erased by tiny black hole, and some meteors got

on the guavas,

And the living conditions grew dimmer and dimmer, in the town where

Williker lived,

And as land was devoured while men scattered and cowered,

People knew that something had to give,

For insurance adjusters had no clue what to write when the house was

clearly just gone,

and replaced by universe, golden and glowing, and taking more insured

houses on.

Then the government came, with their titles and names, and declared

the small town a lost cause,

And in haste the whole state had to evacuate, said the brand new ex-

states new state laws.

And for year after year the grand spectacle grew,

Until Tennessee was just an orb,

That hung twinkling high like a jewel in the sky,

Looking for a new state to absorb,

And slowly we retreat, with the back of our feet hot from The Fires of

Wondrous Creation,

But we all kinda wish that the need for the booze hadn't set up our

own immolation,

For the commune we live in at the edge of the world, while it numbers

a billion strong,

Loses faith as the land that we have slips away, and may be gone

before way too long.

But there's hope in my heart for the world and its arts, because the

future is exceedingly bright,

For inside of the Big Bang the suns live so close that their day is no

different from night,

And I'm not really scared, I'm in love with my fate, swallowed whole by

the future, constructive,

But maybe sometimes in the back of my mind i wish drinking was much

less destructive.


