sighHi everyone. 

Been looking to find someone maybe similar to me. I'm late twenties, married with small children. 

My life has been nothing but a trainwreck since I was born. My dad is a crystal meth user and so my childhood was fraught with fear, abuse and confusion. My mom had an affair and left us with him when I was 12. Dad tried to convince us it was because she didn't love us. He was unpredictable and learned to be cautious of every signal of body language or any motion that could be taken the wrong way, as my dad is a very paranoid individual. Physical, verbal, mental, and emotional abuse. I was mocked for my weight by my dad, nicknamed fatty and crybaby. When I got to highschool I was told by my dad I would become a whore like my whore mother. 

In high school my first boyfriend ended up using my anxieties against me and manipulated me into eventually having a baby with him and being married. He forced me into sexual favors against my will and baited me with threats. In ten years of marriage he has had three affairs that I know of, and the last one resulted in a baby. He went to nursing school while I worked, 7 years of retail. He graduated with his RN license and asked me to quit my job. two months after that he moved in with a girl from work and I lost my apartment, had to go back to working retail. Moved in with my estranged mother. My job ended up shutting the business down a few months later so I was served with a pending termination notice. I have another retail job I've kept for almost a year now but lately I've slipped into a bout of severe depression. I can't handle my job or even life I'm general. I barely scrape by with the mimimum expected of me. 

I don't really have courage to work up to killing myself but I don't want to be alive either. I've made bad choices in my life, mostly after my husband left me the last time. I feel worthless and like I am a burden to everyone around me. I put a two week notice in at work this week and am terrified of being home everyday with the kids. My husband came back and is helping financially but I am so scared.  I cannot seem to stop sobbing. Life feels so pointless and monotonous.

I fear I made a huge mistake in putting a notice in at work. I have a small.time frame in which I can try to fix this but I don't want to go back to my job. I also don't want to be at home, either. I wish I could just fade away.