I can't handle itIf you haven't seen the last post I've made on this subreddit, here's the link to it: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/4zgdn8/im_not_gonna_lie_sooner_or_later_i_might_have_to/

Living with an irrationally angered father is beyond my ability to cope. He imposes too many restrictions (Despite the fact that I'm over 18), verbally abuses my little brother and I, and he doesn't get his priorities straight. Over a year ago, when we moved out from my stepmother's house due to relationship issues, he decided to rent an apartment and so we moved there. We didn't have furniture, so we bought a kitchen table that came with chairs, and a set of couches. a few months later, I told him my brother and I needed beds, the twin sized ones, I never asked for a California king or anything bigger that the twin sized ones. I want anyone who's reading this to guess what he bought instead, AIR MATTRESSES! And not even 2 month's later, they already have holes on them! A fucking smart way to spend his money. I kept telling him that we need beds, BEDS! Real mattresses! and it's been over a fucking year living in this apartment and we're still sleeping over deflated air mattresses because he was too busy buying everything else, including a 55" 4k TV that costed him enough money to buy two beds but no! He has control over his money and me after all. I told him he should've bought a bed first and yep, you guessed it, he got triggered! Up to this day, I've been sleeping on the floor uncomfortably and I can't sleep straight at night, but if someone would ask me "Would you rather sleep on the floor every night and wake up every 2 hours? or put yourself to sleep permanently?" I'd say It's about time I get myself a long goodnight sleep at this point. Simply reasoning with a father like him is futile. I told him many times that he could've bought beds first and everything else can wait, but no. He just threatened to kick me out instead. The only way out, like I said, is by putting myself in a deathbed. It's not that I will do it out of depression or anything of the like, it's about sending a message to him that will remind him of how much he has damaged me over the past few years, and that message will stay with him forever, should I choose to end it. Right now, I am looking for a reason to not to, but perhaps another way to end this all peacefully would be better.