I'm tired and I just want to rest.I've been depressed since I was the age of ten. It started with my parents divorce, when I watched my father leave. From there I went onto Middle School where I was bullied for three years day by day with no escape in sight, no friends to make me feel accepted, just constant abuse. This is where my suicidal thoughts would start.  My mother moved me and my three brothers back to Orlando with an abusive step father. He was a wrecking ball in the family, causing pain through domestic abuse. I've had to write two police reports on his actions. He was eventually completely pushed out of our lives and we went on. Being the oldest of the three brothers in a single mother household, I had a responsibility to them and that meant I was always locked up at home. I never had close friends, I didn't know what it was like to form a close relationship with anybody. I've always had friends throughout High School in fact I'd say I was always well known and liked, but I craved that "childhood best friend" that person you go out with, talk to anything about and just generally have the time of your life with. We'd eventually move to Texas with a man my mother had been on and off with for seven years. Steve, my current step father. Whilst being here I've been constantly barraged by them, they've become my bullies. To them I'm a dissapointment, a son of a bitch, a motherfucker, a bitch, a dumbass, a retard, the devil (I'm and Atheist and so my mother blames me for the bad things that happens). Not a single phrase from them has been said with an ounce of sarcasm as you would hear from your casual friends. They mean it every single time. I would beat myself, literally punching myself in the head until things went fuzzy. I got into multiple relationships here in Texas to try to supplement the desire to be loved, because I wasn't getting it from my home. One of these happened to be a guy, I wouldn't consider myself to be bi, but it was an experience. One that would scar me in my home life as my mother saw it as another reason to me being a dissapointment. Coming into my Senior Year I was heavily restricted as to when, where and how I could go out with friends. I just chose not to and stayed locked up at home like I always have been. My mother would continue to treat me like shit whilst also coming to me for emotional support when her and my stepfather fought. Eventually I met a girl, who made me feel wanted. I finally felt happy, even if things weren't always great, I had that feeling I had so longed for. I felt loved. But my parents extremely restrictions on me would damage our relationship. My mother takes a large portion of my pay checks for her own expenditures, they'd ground me from going to her home by simply mistakes (forgot to lock the front door). She's become a dictator in my life and the source of my depression. The girl I loved had a perfect life, but she had clinical depression and she would leave me because she blamed me for making her own depression worse. My depression has been eating away at me and was apparently making her worse. At this point I have no hope that things would get better. I've lived eight years, waiting for things to get better, but they've only gotten worse. My suicidal thoughts have become much more intense. I fantasize about putting a gun to my own head, driving the car I'd get for graduation into a tree, jumping off the bleachers at the Christian School behind my house. I wake up feeling empty, go about my day sad and then breakdown at night then repeat. My urge to beat myself is back and I cut myself for the first time two weeks ago. Since she was the closest thing I ever had to that best friend I had in mind, I went back to her, trying to get help because I couldn't get it from anybody else. She would turn me away, telling me to just find someone else. She told me she wasn't sorry that my life was basically shit, she just didn't care. I confessed that I wanted my life to end, but she never responded, completely abandoning me while I begged for help. I'm not a bad child. I've never done drugs, never drinked, never smoked. I hang out with everyone, from the narcissistic football players to the humble scholars and vice versa. I've got 80% of my college payments to UNT paid off without a dime out of my pocket. I have a goal to become a police officer when I grow up. But nobody knows the suffering I feel. My ex, the girl I loved was the only one and she left me because I had a shitty life and I couldn't be the ideal boyfriend she had in mind. I've been beaten, bruised and abandoned. I just want to die, I've been carrying this weight on my shoulder for eight years and I'm tired. I can't hold it up anymore. I want to kill myself, but I don't have the willpower to, and so I continue, grudgingly, going on with my life. I wish someone would just kill me and spare me of all the pain because I can't do it myself. 

I've moved around about thirteen times in my life. I don't know what it's like to have someone close to me, some sort of childhood best friend. I'll never know what that's like and I lost the one person I thought I had that with. I know the reason I'm depressed is because I'm longing for the desire to be wanted, accepted and loved. I had that for a moment in my life and now it's gone, and that same person isn't willing to help me continue on. 

I'm losing hope for things to get better, now I'm just waiting for my life to end. 