I just want to be heard.Thank you for taking the time to read my post, I'll try to explain everything leading up to the reason why I feel this way. If you manage to make it until the end that will be much appreciated, again thank you.

 I been feeling real down for the past few weeks, more so than usual if I am honest. I been struggling to find a job for the past 2 months. I was working before but I was let go after I spoke with my manager about scheduling issues. She got upset and sent me home, the next day I showed up and told me I didn't work there anymore. I have been struggling to find a job since. I apply everywhere. I stay in my room at least 12 hours a day applying. I have 4 accounts on job hunting websites so I can apply 4 different times. Sadly I haven't gotten any calls. My parents think that I lie and just sleep all day. They constantly remind me of the bills they need to pay and have even made subtle hints about wanting me out already. I try to explain but they don't listen. I always hear my mother crying in the middle of the night because of all the bills they need to pay. I always feel like shit when I do because I wish I could help somehow. My step father works a very labor intensive job and still has his own auto glass repair business on the side. He is always tired and angry because we still can't afford to pay all the bills. We don't live in a huge house on the contrary we live in a small 3 bedroom duplex with my 2 brothers. I hate seeing them struggle and at times I feel like I would be more help if I left than if I stayed. When I do work I help them as much as I can but right now I can't seem to get even a interview set up. We try getting gov assistance and they won't help because we "make too much".
I try to forget my problems by keeping myself busy but I have no friends to do things with. The only "friends" I have are just a bunch of users. I only ever seem to exist when they need something. I like to think I am a nice person. Even tho I don't have much I try helping others as much as I can. But people abuse that. I have helped them when they needed a place to stay or when they were hungry I gave them food or made them something to eat. But when I need them they are all gone. I tried killing myself before and no one cared. I try asking for help and no one cares. I always cry for help on social media and people assume I am playing. I always see the more attractive people are the ones that get actual replies of people being concerned about them. But no one ever asks me if I am ok or how I am feeling. People will go months without contacting me. I get along with people fairly well I am always the one cracking jokes but they all end up ignoring me or just backstabbing me. I let a person I thought was a good friend stay in my room for 2 months. I almost was kicked out trying to help him and he seemed pretty grateful, but not even 1 week after he moved out he ended up with the girl I had feelings for, knowing how I felt about her. I would tell him everything, he saw me cry and he knew my situation at home. He seemed genuine but it was a lie I suppose. That really messed me up. People steal from me and then try and make me look like an idiot when I confront them about it. Back in high school things weren't that different either. I always got made fun of for being fat and got my ass beat a few times too. My only friend now is my 3 month pitbull who I love dearly. I just worry if I'll be able to buy her some more food when she runs out. I can't see my life without her she means everything to me she is the only friend I know would never hurt me.

 I am 21 turning 22 in 5 months. But all my life It's been this way. I grew up poor, my real father was killed when I was 6 and my step father would beat me because of who my father was. They didn't get along and I paid for it. I hold no resentment towards my step father we actually get along ok nowadays I just wish it never was that way. I try being positive but I just can't. When I am doing good I just get thrown back down. I can't keep myself up anymore. The only thing keeping me alive is the love I have for my dog. Everyone tells me to be patient because good things come to those who wait, but I am tried of waiting. I been waiting forever and my life is just getting worse. I cry every single night and I been thinking of killing myself every day for the past few weeks. I have no idea what to do anymore. I have no SO, no friends, my parents already have their problems and I don't want to add another. I wish I could find a reasonable solution. I tried moving cities, nothing, I moved states twice already, nothing. I work entry level jobs but I am always let go or I end up having to quit. I always seem to have car troubles when I work, or I end up hurt somehow. I was working my dream job at a restaurant and I ended up with a broken arm 3 months after I got hired. I had to be let go. That was the "happiest" I had been in years but it seems like I am not meant to be happy nor successful in life. 
Thank you for reading. I appreciate you all. Peace and love to you and I wish you nothing but the best. I love you stranger.