I just want to stop hurting.On the outside, my life is picture perfect.

I'm about to get my Master's Degree. I'm engaged. I teach private music lessons and my students adore me.

But I've been stuck in this hole of anxiety and depression since I was 13. The anxiety and depression are constantly at war - the perfectionism telling me I need to do everything and be perfect, but the depression insisting I stay in bed until the last possible moment. I want to give up. School is hard, even though its my last semester and I'm in my last month ever. I'm so behind on assignments, I'm doing my student teaching and teaching classes remotely isn't my strong suit. The observation I just got back was bad - barely passing. I was doing much better at the beginning of the semester until the depression flared up aggressively - so much better that my professor was using all of my work as model examples. Now I'm a mess, I owe several assignments, and I'm probably going to not be able to ask them for a reference at the end of all of this.

I forgot to apply for graduation in the heat of it all, I don't know if it will be processed in time.

I just applied to a job at the district I graduated K-12 from, and I'm pretty sure they aren't even going to call me for an interview because I addressed the cover letter to the wrong person and I feel like an idiot. They viewed my application and nothing yet. I am absolutely mortified because I know the person who looked at it- it was an old teacher of mine. Looking for a teaching job halfway through the school year is less than ideal, obviously. My fiance and I are struggling financially. I thought I would be a great candidate because school districts usually LOVE hiring alumni, or that I'd at least get to the interview phase. I have driving anxiety so my job pool is already limited, and moving isn't an option.

I don't have any friends - the only people I get along with are my fiance and my students. 

I want to kill myself, but I'm more scared of failing and having to be hospitalized - because then I'd be set back even further, would mess up my degree with only a month left, and I'd be even more financially in trouble. The antidepressants didn't work, therapy doesn't work (what are you supposed to talk about when nothing is really WRONG with your life?) TMS didn't work, exercise didn't work...

I'm probably going to suck down alcohol tonight and play a game of how high can my BAC go...

People have it so much worse than me, but I still feel so overwhelmed. I'm tired. Idk how to juggle barely passing student teaching, with FORGETTING to apply for graduation, with finding a job....