crane climb at 1am...My depression always comes back, and every time it gets a little worse...

This time it really fucking scared the shit out of myself on a whole new level...I decided to take the girl ''who talks to me a lot'' with me without telling her what i wanted to do, at 1am we walked down the street and i said i want to climb this crane but i won't jump... She didn't really stopped me from doing it though which is fine, she doesn't know me well and she has seen a lot of death already and said it's my choice, i just didn't wanted to be alone this time because i was alone my entire life...So i climbed the crane half way through and i just got fucking scared, i am not scared of heights, i think i was more scared being caught because it was right in the center of the street/city, even though it's a small city there were still people, and i don't want my parents to know what i am doing to myself since i moved out just 2 months ago... so i just wanted to avoid getting caught (the ladder was pretty loud) and i was also scared because there are still some people left i need to talk to...i mean i didn't wanted to jump, yet... But i could still slip and fall...however she thought i was an adrenaline junkie... after i disappointed myself for not climbing all the way up i was just hanging in the middle of it, telling her ''i am definitely not an adrenaline junkie, the reason why i am doing this is a different one''. She knew what i was talking about and was like ''hm...we could try again someday'' (sounds mean but she wasn't, she just understood.) I watched tons of youtube channels like 'ontheroofs' &amp; 'mustang wanted' and some gore sites of people falling to death to get myself used to it but since it was my first time i was just scared, scared of falling, i thought wanted to be dead, but i am not ready yet...i knew it. Well, i haven't slept yet, maybe i just need to let that one sink in...

I am actually suicidal...I think about suicide every day, even when i am doing fine without this ''depression week'' every month...but i know i get closer to actually do it, because depression hits me back even harder every time i gain a little bit of hope...

I just want to be happy...please...