I don't know what to do anymoreI don't know where to start or what I'm doing...I feel so trapped. I've been living with my sister and her family for a few years. First, they were letting me have a place to stay after my first big breakup, then when I went back to college. I've since graduated and haven't moved out. It's been...at least a year? Maybe 1.5 years. Idk. I feel like I should be doing more. Being on my own. They've never said anything about it and lament not have a 3rd person to entertain their toddler should ever I leave....I want to leave. I've searched for apartments and jobs but I can't find anything where I wouldn't be living paycheck to paycheck. At least here I can save a little. Recently I was approved for a small mortgage...I want to have a hobby farm. I love growing things. I love caring for animals. That and art are the main things I'm passionate about. But idk if I can do it. I'd have to stay at my current job- retail low level management. I absolutely hate it. I worked there since college and worked my way up. Now all my coworkers hate me for the promotion. I was competing against them for it. The customers are rude and inconsiderate. Higher management is screwing everyone over. Everytime I think about going to work, i think about killing myself instead. The thoughts are so much worse at work...idk if i can handle this job anymore. Nothing else, not even jobs using my degree, pay better locally though... can't have a mortgage if I don't have a well paying job... I could move away. Start entry level in my degree field. Get paid shit for a few years. Run through all my savings. I hate myself thinking about it. I just want to be happy and escape. I've been melancholy all my life, even as a kid. The past few years I've seriously considered suicide. I'm just so tired. I feel like I could've been great but I missed my chance. Why should I be the 1 in a mil to live a good life. I can't even motivate myself to change much of anything. I don't feel happiness anymore. Sometimes a brief peace in my garden or with my pets. Otherwise I just want it all to be over. And I don't know what else to do.