Should I Just Off Myself If I'm....Lazy, procrastinate, going to school when I don't know what I want to do in life. Can't concentrate on learning anything I.e. I want to learn editing, but seeing all the tools freak me out. Even when I study my arse off, I get Bs while the smarter students manage to get perfect A's. (I have a friend that I hang with a lot, and he barely studies). I know life is just meaningless but I'm too scared to off myself. I'm scared of everything. Heights, bugs, fear of looking at my bank statement, fear of looking at my test score, fear of talking to people (couldn't even work the cash registered because A. I'm shaking in my boots talking to random people and B. I'm too stupid to even learn a register) only things I'm good at are rapping, writing lyrics, video games, and tying extremely fast (over 120-130 WPM).

The one thing that I am passionate about (music) is seemingly impossible since the chances of getting any recognition are zero to none. I'm a Korean American who looks like a Kpop star and I'm either called a girl or some racial slur. I'm a disappointment to my family who are counting on me to complete college ASAP but this is my fourth year and I'm only 70% done. I hate myself, I think that everything's pointless, and plus everything else. I have a girlfriend who loves me very much, but I'm too depressed about having money to support me and my family to worry about anything else. Money seems to be the only thing that I care about since it will help my family (mainly) and keep me from stressing about anything else. That's I don't usually get why rich people get depressed (there are some occasions where I can empathize such as Robin Williams condition that led him to suicide). 

Simple question: Should I just off myself? Before you give me a "nice person answer" and say " no every life is important " or something along those lines, I'd like to give you these pieces of information as well.

Yes I am in college and my sister is on her third year in high school. My mom is paying for my car insurance until I graduate and now she found out I'm not graduating this year so she's pissed. I'm just being a leech on my family and not to mention, I'm living with my girlfriend's family because living in a dorm and paying for college was way too expensive for me and my family. (Even after loans and scholarships, my parents had to pay 1,500-2000 out of pocket twice for the first semester) I had no choice but to live somewhere so my family doesn't suffer more. My mom also puts an emphasis on money and a good job so not providing that for her just kills me inside even more. I'm living rent free at my girlfriend's family place and I help out here and there, but I feel like shit because I've lived here for three years and all I feel like I'm doing, is just leeching off them too. If I was gone, then literally everyone would benefit from it. My family would benefit, my gf could find a better guy, her family wouldn't have to house me, my mom could pay for my sisters car insurance. The thing is, I had two previous jobs before which I couldn't keep doing. When I stand for a long period of time, my back ends up giving out. I have no idea why this happens but I remember being diagnosed in middle school for having some form of scoliosis. Thus, I just work with my gfs family to make money to pay for other college related things. Honestly, I don't know what to do in life and I'm being a burden, so I need brutally honest answers. Honestly I probably be too scared to do it anyways (only came close once when I thought about ramming into the middle section of the road but I held my grip because I didn't want to take someone else with me.) I have no idea where to post this but since it's a long question, I'm posting it here unless anyone else knows where I can post it if it doesn't belong here. Thanks for reading it and thank you for giving me your honest answers.


Tl;dr

Should I just give up on life if there's no benefit to me being around and I have no idea what to do in life?