I'm never going to amount to anything, so why try?I've never really felt like I was going to make it anywhere in life, and I don't think I should have lived this long. I was born barely able to breathe for the first year or so. I'm fine now, but just thinking about how 1 bad asthma attack would have killed me, I wish one had. My family is full of geniuses and then there's me. 

I am socially awkward, shy, single as shit, and really not doing well in college. I hate myself because I can't do anything right in a family that has achieved so much, I can't seem to find any justification for existence. I wish someone could love me the way I loved this one girl recently in order to give me some sense of "hey, I matter".

I haven't been able to finish all 4 classes per semester that I've signed up for for a year now (dropped 2) and the rest I haven't done well in. I know what I want to do, but I can't do the requirements and it's the only topic i'm even sort of interested in. I barely have motivation for this, and if I change my major, then I may as well drop out. But what happens then? I won't have money, my parents will disown me, and its all over anyways.

Relationship wise, I was interested in a girl at the end of this fall's semester. I couldn't even hold her interest for over a month yet she still wants to be friends and I'm going to be in a class with her this semester. I went from sort of dating (but she never wanted to make it official since she was embarrassed by me) to having a crush on her. That's backwards I'm pretty sure. How do I hide my feelings for someone? Even though she has fucked with my emotions so much (and yes, consciously, to make a long story extremely short). 

Drugs and alcohol only work for part of the time until I pass the peak of their effects and just become more depressed about shit in general. The counseling center only seems to be concerned if i'm in immediate danger of killing myself. Suicidal thoughts that have plagued my mind for over 5 years now seem to be becoming more frequent. 

What's the point of living a life where I'll probably be stuck trying 40 hour work weeks in order to make money for a company, while barely surviving for myself on minimum wage? No one cares about me, so it's not like my life when I'm not working will be any better. I have no motivation to do anything, even with thoughts of becoming homeless on my mind. 

I keep thinking about how much money I would've saved my parents if I had died in that first year (I believe its at least half a million), and how much more I could save them if I just no longer existed. Why live an unhappy life, costing my parents money, failing classes, and not being loved by anyone?

I know things could be much worse. I come from a decently wealthy family and I have what I could want material wise, but every little thing that goes wrong just makes me hate myself more and more. I'm not good at anything I try, while my brother can do what he wants (he's in med school studying to be a doctor). 

Could someone provide a reason why I shouldn't just kill myself, where it'd be easier, rather than carry on a sinking life until I do it anyways in a few years?