Feel like the world is collapsingI am 22, I was diagnosed with BPD along with the regular list of other disorders, severe depression, anxiety, paranoia, avoidance, trauma syndrome. I attribute most of these to my BPD and just clump it all under that title. I was formally diagnosed in hospital, after taking a razorblade to my wrist and slicing all the way down to my elbow across my inner forearm. In a cowardly fit of panic, I unfortunately managed to call for an ambulance and crawl outside before I lost consciousness. After surgery I was requested to voluntarily enter the psychiatric unit, which I accepted.

Since then, I've worked at trying to get myself better. I was filled with a new hope because I'd met a girl who kept me together, I didn't want her to be the pins that pulled me together, but ultimately I am a weak person who needs the stability of a relationship to feel normal. If I'm honest I put a lot of my problems into my relationship which definitely strains it, so when we recently broke up it was like everything crumbled.

I took a step back, tried to see it in a positive light, that I'd have more time to focus on myself rather than having to worry about another person. I was able to handle the break up, I almost knew it was coming, but I cannot handle being alone. Before I could handle the world, because I know if anything was going to go to shit I had someone there to back me up and get me through it. Now everything just like its going to shit, all the furniture is gone, I'm left renting a place I can't afford on my own, sleeping on an air mattress filled with holes, so I'm not even able to sleep. I have no money, so I can't afford to eat, and I'm so god damn hungry but I have the ration myself for a few weeks. I feel like none of my friends like me. No one cares, but why would they? I'm just empty inside, I'm not fun, I barely talk anymore. But nobody is asking if I'm okay, but I think if they did I'd probably just lie and say I'm fine anyway.

It's happening again, the depression starts sinking in deeper and deeper. I take long baths, just sitting there staring thinking how much easier it would be to just kill myself tonight. Everything is depressing me, I avoid people because I don't want them to know I'm so depressed, but they can physically see me falling apart. I have no more cheerfulness in my face, my cheeks begin to sink inwards, giving me a hollow and gaunt look, I shuffle across the office staring at the floor, terrified that someone will speak to me because I'll have to pretend to be fine. I can't hide the strain in my voice any longer, I'm so tired.

But I hold on in some feeble, soul-crushing way, I want more. I want to live, I want to be happy, but I know these are things which are not possible for me. I know I was not meant to ever be born, because someone like me is not meant to exist in this world. 
I now hold on for pathetic reasons, which I hate myself more for, mainly being a girl I've recently taken an interest in. However, I am unable to pursue her because of my lack of self-confidence, I hate myself so deeply, I assume that everyone else hates me too. I assume that everyone thinks I'm weird, or that I'm just an awful person not worth wasting time on. I believe this so strongly, every word she speaks in my direction is twisted into a perverted and hateful poison which makes me feel worse. 
She's the only person I have been able to actually talk to in recent times, but I don't think she's going to be 'there' for me. 
Neither do I want to put that pressure on her.
She doesn't know.
I just keep my distance because she doesn't deserve to deal with my issues.

And if by some miracle she was interested in me too, what's the point? I'd be living for just another girl, and when we break up the cycle would come full circle and I would have to do this all over again.

So I've started planning my suicide, I don't want to set a date, but will simply do it when I feel I'm ready.. these are my reasons, but these are just the ones bothering me right now. I have so many more, I just talk so much and lose track of what I say. My mind is so blurry, so unclear, I must die I must fade away 
I just wish theyd all know that I'm happier this way