I feel so empty.I don't really know if this is an appropriate place to post this since I don't think I'm going to commit suicide anytime soon, though I do think about it more and more often recently. If anything I just want to get this off my chest. I'm a third year university student, and for whatever reason I'm pretty fucking depressed again, I haven't been this way since high school. It's hard to find motivation to study and I feel terribly anxious about my future. It's not like I'm failing my classes, I generally get around  77% average throughout all of my courses, though that's not really good enough for my parents.

I try to be social, but its hard to, I'm relatively anti-social, especially this semester. I blame my depression for that. I try to fight it by putting myself out there, but I feel like I don't leave an impression on people and I'm just another face in the crowd of many. I suppose its also because most people are already settled into their cliques and because of that its just hard to be friends with them. It still makes me feel empty, like there's no point to anything and I can't share my achievements with people other than my girlfriend.

Which brings me to my next point, I love her very much, but she deals with similar problems to me and I try to be supportive of her, but I can see that she's near her breaking point. I've recommended her seeking exterior help from the school counsellor and even the student health network, with the point being that she has to look after her own mental health first. However, I don't really do what I preach myself. I should be doing all of that sort of stuff too, but I feel like I have to be tougher, not just for me, but for her as well. So I generally keep my thoughts to myself. My lack of motivation, my fear of the future, suicidal thoughts, my panic attacks, the hours I lay in bed staring at the ceiling, the complete feeling of isolation, and my self-loathing. I don't want her to see through the cracks, but I know I shouldn't keep everything bottled up because its worse for the long-run.

I honestly don't know why I decided to write this all down, I don't really expect anyone to read it really, nothing I do really goes noticed by other people,  but I feel like this is healthy just pouring my emotions out there. I think I'm going to start seeking outside help apart from Reddit, shit this is the most I've ever posted on this website. I'll try to put more effort into getting through this slump. I want to be happy with myself again, comfortable even I'm just not sure what steps to take in order to get there.