Need this off my chest: I'm not really feeling depressed and worthless, but plain bored and frustrated, like coming to a point in the game where you cant solve the challenge and it eventually stops being fun.I'm young, propably even intelligent and above average attractive, which are ussually good requirements to start a fullfilling live. Anyway I feel socially and esspecially sexually incapable, because of my past. I have been highly anxious in my teen and missed the chance of regular social and sexual development, now I'm struggeling to catch up. By now I am propably more confident than most of my peers and having absolutly no issues to talk to strangers or even make friends with them: I'm proud to be straightforward, open and creative with words at this point, but this doesn't really help me since I seem incapable to maintain a close relationship for a longer period of time. I am sexually and romanticly frustrated, because even though I am receiving interest from the other sex, I just can't get over a certain line with closeness since I have no idea how this stuff even works after my fucked up teenage years. So my "dating"- life usually ends with having intimate, meaningful conversations with "that girl i find intersting", but failing to react to or introduce physical contact. This is frustrating as fuck! It is like putting a blind child into a car and telling it to drive you home, it wont work, yet I really want it. I am missing the closeness, without it I feel dull, meaningless, unexciting. I planned killing myself when I was 14, because I was fearful, hated myself and every moment of my life was hurtful to me. I eventually learned to cope, but now -even though I don't feel in pain anymore- I simply feel bored and uncaring, like being stuck in a dead end. Life eventually continues, but I am really not enjoying it, I actually don't even know how it feels to enjoy life for a longer period of time. I could dance naked in the rain at this point, because it simply doesn't matter and maybe I'd even like to, but there's still a completly normal amount of anxiety and shame associated to it, which is frustrates me aswell, since it takes my opportunity to at least throw my life away anyway I want. You could say that those feelings stop  in any way when you plan on killing yourself, but they really don't and remain cuting my freedom to at least break completly out of norm before I jump off a tower. It is the same shame and fear that hinders me from intimate realtionships, not in the emotionally bonding sense, but in the physical sense and as an emotional relationship, at some point necessarily implies a physical relationship or at least normal physical interaction, I am failing at it, but I want that. I could surely keep my hands busy to the day I die of a natural cause, but seriously why would I, I am here out of free choice, if I don't like it, why should I stay? I'd propably be dead already, if I saw an easy way out, but seriously, do you know how fucking hard it is to find a high place to assure that the impact will kill you? The highest build we have here is 80 metres, certainly enough, but it is all save, there is not really an opportunity to get outside once youre up. Its an old building with rough walls and I feel athletic enough to climb up on the facade to say 30 metres heigh, but this would be hell of an effort and take forever, risk is that I slip and break my spine which would be comical as fuck in one perspective, but also kinda suck, second risk is that -even when climbing at night- some passerby freaks the fuck out and tries to talk me out of it in an overcaring attempt and it seems unfair to traumatize a another person on the way down, by just ignoring him. 


In a nutshell you could say I simply want to die out of psycho-social stress like most people, struck with depression, but I don't think stress is really the right word in this situation. The correct phrase would propably rather be psycho-social frustration, the inability to induce closeness, even though theres no reason against it. I don't know if a therapist could help, I read this sentence "If you are having suicidal thoughts, immediatly seek professional help", so I was like "yeah sure, why not.", called a couple psychologists, but none of them is free for an appointment, so I'm here for some kind of advice I suppose. Something like "have you already tried to just be happy and just do what you want to do?", that will make me go "Oh dang, why haven't I thought of that".

EDIT: Maybe this is not true, maybe the social anxiety is still there and I am simply denying it and learned to hide it better. SOmething along the lines of putting on an uncaring mask to cover up my deeply rooted insecurity, which consumes my life, maybe it is easier to remain uncaring, because it neglects the value of rejecion and failure. This might be the reason I fail when I start caring about people. Whatever, how the fucking hell can I fix this, this is a goddamn trap.

