Quite hell of a story to tellSo. Where do I start. From the beggining I guess. I'll try to keep it all short and tell only about what matters.  
After reading:  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cgop3m/at\_some\_point\_you\_have\_to\_accept\_that\_your\_life/](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cgop3m/at_some_point_you_have_to_accept_that_your_life/)  
feeling like I have to let it all go.

The very beggining and destroyed childhood. That's the short part since it's pretty simple.  
 Most of life I observed parents drunk. I was afraid of every weekend. I was afraid of what's gonna happen next week. I witnessed as dad tried to kill ma when I was 8 (or 9?) and there was nothing I could do. No, he didn't kill her. Yes, they were both drunk obviously.  
And so it went by. Week by week, month by month, year by year. Whole my life I was useless unwanted punk.  
When I was \~16 met a girl. Let's name her Kl. She was in similar situation as me. Yup, you guessed it. We became rly close to each other and started to be together pretty soon after.   
First time in my life I was rly happy. Was I lucky at least? Someone to love? Well nope everything had to get ruined,   
She got cancer. Didn't last very long. She died 11.11.2011 (nice date isn't it). She was only 16. Honestly I'd do everything to change places with her with no hesitation.  
And that's also little about my attitude when I love someone. I'm just ablie to do anything. Literally anything. The hapiness of the one I love is something that means the most to me. No matter what it means.

&amp;#x200B;

Guess we'll get to that later.  


Another point when I thought I was lucky. Let's name other girl Ka.  
Ka and I knew each other for some time already, we were pretty good friends. She knew about situation. She was there for me. So after Kl died I still got her. And she was the next one I fell in love after some time.

Everything seemed to be just fine. Just great. After 2 years everything got destroyed. Bcs of me. Bcs of the way I was, bcs of the way I treated her. She started cheating on me, and eventualy left me. I know that wouldn't happen if I was better to her.  I rly treated her very bad when we had worse time between us.

&amp;#x200B;

And this nearly finished me. After Ka left I didn't know what to do with myself. Didn't have anyone. No one actually needed me. Was 18 at the time.

It so goes that I grew up in.... let's call it very bad environment. But I was never hanging out with others from the area where I live. Until then.  
I had nothing to lose so why not, maybe there I will be needed at least.  
Drugs, assaults, pickpocketing and robberies. You name it.  
Well I didn't take part in everything - another point. I'm a fucking coward, usually afraid to do something more. However I did something horrible once and that's something I never told about to anyone to this day. Guess u will be the ones to read it in a few days.  
I didn't take part in everything, got involved only into drugs. I didn't take any (fortunately?), dealing and making sure the stuff is paid for is what I did/helped to do.  


(side note - schooling system in Poland back then - 6 years of primary school, 3 years of what we called here "gimnazjum" then 3 years of what we called here "liceum")   


So back then I was on 2nd year of liceum (actualy finishing it). Had 2 very close friends in class. They were the main reason why I got out of this shitty situation and went to university. When I finished the school I was 19, applied to university and well. Got there. Finally moved out from home I hated. From city I hated. All I had in the city was the grave of Kl. I didn't visit her for pretty long, started visiting after some time and I do it to this day when I can.  


At first year on uni I met girl, let's call her D. Yet another girl I got close with, felt happy with but this lasted much shorter. After like 3-4 months she decided to get back together with her ex, and dump me.  


So here I was. 20 at the time, alone in completely different city where I had completely nobody (not like I had anybody back in my home city). I was too afraid to do anything to kill myself, but in fact I died back then. I didn't rly live for next 3 years.   
Yes, in the meantime there were girls that were into me, and it was easy to notice even for me. I did cut short every relation back then. Now I regret it, maybe now I'd have someone just to be with.  


I completely gave up in that time. 

During those 3 years I had enough time to rethink my whole life and the sense behind it (no sense. Completely).   


After those \~3 years met another girl (let's call her J ). The story how we got together is not rly revelant, but what happened next - that was the beggining of hell.  
I think there were signs at the beggining of what's about to come, but I couldn't understand what it means back then.  


I was 23 back then, she was 16. It was her who fell in love with me, she had pretty similar character to me. We were very similar. I didn't want to hurt her. At this point I didn't want to hurt anyone anymore, it was enough I treated Ka and D very bad. After that much time I understood some things.  
So I didn't turn her down but wasn't rly giving her hopes either. However after some time I started feeling something more, decided to give it a try. First time after 3 years. to give it a try. To try to be happy.  


Beggining was wonderful. It lasted around 1 week.   
She was the type of person constantly cutting herself, hurting herself, telling she gonna kill herself. Asked her many times to stop. Talked a lot with her. She claimed she loved me. I loved her too.  
She kept on doing it. She were sending me photos and vids of her doing it with blood everywhere. After some time she started to use me. Like I mentioned earlier- when I love someone there's literally everything I can do for the other person. And she used it a lot. I was too blinded with love, ignored warnings from friends. Ignored when they were telling me to leave. I couldn't. I was getting weaker with every day bcs of her, bcs of what she was doing and the way she manipulated me.   


It got to this point  
[https://i.imgur.com/hmxcZTi.png](https://i.imgur.com/hmxcZTi.png)  
Translation

Yellow(? sry I'm colorblind): me  
White: her

Me: I need you  
Her: let's kill ourselves  
M: are you home?  
H: together or not  
M: Are you home?  
M: Why you don't wanna talk with me  
M: Do you love me at least a little  
H: I do, a lot that's why I didn't talk to you today, I couldn't. Everything got too far  
H: Answer when you decide.  


Well. What I did back then? Ofc I agreed, tho I still wanted to talk with her about it. To change her mind. But I was also ready to go with her in case she'd decide to do it.   
And so we went. Nothing happened. I don't know if she chickened out, or set up this situation to intimidate me even more (at that time I started to keep more distance from her, I started to see things how they are). Anyways, stayed with her. She kept doing her manipulative stuff, and I was becoming weaker and weaker.  


I decided to leave her at September last year. Wasted nearly a year with her. Got destroyed psyche to this day.   


Also at that time I graduated on uni and started another major.   
At 2nd year (exactly this year, on February) I got closer with next girl (let's name her Kl. Yes Kl again, she's got same name). Well she's just beutiful. Anyways our friendship moved on, after a time I started feeling something more to her. And never had the courage to tell her that directly even tho I rly loved her.  


Tried talking about it once. I couldn't say it directly but she knew what I meant. We talked, she told she doesn't wanna be with no one.

  
And everything started to slowly collapse and I started to panic. More and more with time.  
And we get to the point of current situation  


We started student internship at the same place (we wanted to go together). During this time pretty recently I met J again while going back after work. Accidentaly. We talked. We kinda started talking again. 

Her 18 birthday was at 16.07. I knew what she wanted to do then. She wanted to kill herself. I wanted to prevent it. She told me that if I'll try it she gonna kill me first. Before that I wanted to talk to Kl. Tell her everything what I feel. She didn't have time, she had time only that day. 16.07. The day when I didn't have time to talk. The day when I totally terrified and uncertain of what's going to happen. Bcs of me we didn't rly talk. I told only a small part of what I wanted to say in case something happened to me. And couldn't again directly say I love her. I was just terrified that day. She just told she doesn't wanna to be with anyone currently.  


I went for J. Got it set up to meet "one last time", she agreed. She was actualy prepared, got a knife. When time came and we got to the place where she wanted to do it I tried to stop her. She attacked me. Fortunately or not it wasn't first time ever when I got attacked with a knife and she didn't to it too good so I only got 2 cuts on my face and neck. I expected it to turn out much worse, since I didn't want to hurt her in any way. Just wanted to protect her. No I don't love her anymore, I just couldn't live with the fact that she'd do something and I didn't do anything to prevent it.  


After this everything got completely ruined before me and Kl. She started to treat me like piece of shit, and it rly hurts.

 Tried talking to her. Tried to get to know why. I just wanted to talk. Got completely ignored. Last messages I got from her   


[https://i.imgur.com/HKmMftl.png](https://i.imgur.com/HKmMftl.png)  


\-Honestly I'm surprised that you're surprised why I'm like that  
\-so maybe enlighten me and tell me why  
\- I was telling  you xD  
\-Lol  
\-Good night  


Since that saturday I didn't sleep normally. I didn't eat normally (when I'm afraid I always have strange feeling of something filling me. No matter how hungry I get I have problem swallowing anything).  


Yes, I understand she doesn't wanna be with anyone and with me in particular. I understand that. I just don't understand why she treats me recently like some kind of shit and tells me I deserve it.

Being friends with her is also fine. I really felt happy every time we spent time together.

  
Today we talked. I kinda forced her to talk. I know I did bad. I just had to.

Most of time she either shouted or laughed telling me I'm idiot and I should think what I did wrong. I asked her a lot, didn't rly get a lot of answers. 

&amp;#x200B;

That was today. After that talk I feel like it's time to give up.

" **At some point you have to accept that your life won’t improve** "

This is the point. 

That's the point when I accept my fate. I already have nothing to lose.

I just want Kl to be happy. Currently it means me disappearing. It has to happen. I just want her to be happy.

There's no use of me in this world already. 

This world doesn't want me

&amp;#x200B;

Remember the part about me being coward? Still applies. I'm just too afraid to kill myself even tho I want to die already. I want to stop suffering. I want to stop it all.

&amp;#x200B;

It so happens I live in a students house and my roommate has some source of weed, even proposed me to smoke, I always rejected.  
And I already planned it.

I just want to ask him when he comes back from work (in \~3h from now) when he gets it from and if there's more than weed. 

For one time in my life I want to try it all, money doesn't matter already. Soon  I won't need it. 

Already planned to spend cash I got for drugs, use it to ease the pain for some time till it finishes.

Yeah I am aware that I will feel even worse when it will finish. And that's my hope. I hope to get to state when  I finally won't be afraid. When I finally will be able to finish it all. I don't think there's any help for me.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm done for. I just wanted to talk to someone. But I have no one.  


&amp;#x200B;

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

"  “If you die you’re completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I’m not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I’ve got.” "  


I just want peace at last.