Having a hard time with motivation for life. Thoughts are disjointed and I feel everything and nothing at the same time. Can't trust my own thoughts or feelings.This probably isn't going to make much sense as I don't quite feel like explaining context but

I'm afraid of being codependent, because that would mean I'd have to cut off the one person in my life that I care about anymore. He makes me happy, and it's very hard for me to be happy. Can't I just have that? 

I've been kicked out of two homes in a row now. My boyfriend's parents are kicking me out, I have to be out by the day after tomorrow. I have to move out from my boyfriend and back in with my emotionally manipulative mother the day after tomorrow. I was finally happy and of course it gets ripped away from me.

I was venting to Aforementioned Boyfriend via text (he is out of town tonight) but he went to sleep (I don't blame him) and since the text count was getting huge I didn't know where else to turn. I don't have anyone else to talk to. It may be embarrassing if someone from real life finds this post, but i don't particularly care anymore.

I don't really have any spice for life anymore. I draw, sometimes, but I'm not very good at it. I stopped going to real high school, taking online courses instead. I smoke weed occasionally in order to focus and keep the anxiety at bay, but people accuse me of being an addict. All the time, I wonder if they're right, or if I am. I can't trust my own thoughts because of the mental illness. 

Who knows what mental illness it is? My parents have a whole slew of them, and I've exhibited symptoms of a wild variety. I take antidepressants usually, but it takes me a long time to get them refilled after I run out.  I wish I knew what exactly I had, so perhaps I could find a solution. But who has money or time for a therapist when I can't even afford half of rent?

I'm not an addict. I'm not codependent. I just fucking want to be happy. Christ, I want to be happy so badly. It's so hard for me, so why wouldn't I cling to the things that bring me joy? 

I was raised by a man who'd basically been zombified by prescription painkillers and an alcoholic with manipulative tendencies. My father is now in jail, for meth, and my mother is not, but she's on probation (and is also smoking meth.) (Is it any wonder I don't want to live with either of my parents?) My entire life, I thought it was normal to be treated a certain way, to act a certain way, and finding out my entire worldview was wrong for nearly two decades is fucking me up. 

I don't trust my own feelings or thoughts on things anymore, because I don't know if they're corrupted by The Mental Illness, whatever it may be. I've always thought of myself as intelligence, but I feel myself losing that sharpness, or at least I feel more juvenile and asinine as the days pass. 

It's moments like these, mulling all this over, completely alone, at 1:30 am, trying to shove bland, unseasoned, overcooked ramen down my throat so my stomach stops growling that I consider suicide. Life is just such a fucking pain in the ass, and there is hardly anything that makes it worth it. 

I mean, what are we even supposed to do? Make art? Love each other? Discover things? Be cogs in the capitalist machine until we die? How does any of that make up for the torment I suffer daily as a result of my unending, gut-wrenching anxiety and self-hatred? How is it worth it?

I'm sitting here, thinking all this, and I have to be out of this house by the day after tomorrow. The temporary happy period of my life ends the day after tomorrow, and I've pondered once or twice whether it would be easier to kill myself than it would to pack up all my things and say goodbye to the only person that's keeping me tethered.  

Maybe some of you here have felt some of these same things. Maybe you can give me advice on how to get through it.

Maybe you can give me validation, or tell me to suck it up and stop being so melodramatic. But if you've made it this far, thank you, and I'm sorry for making you waste your time reading stupid, mindless, irrational thoughts from a strange young woman.