maybe its timehey. a few days ago i posted asking for help, for someone to just listen to me. im not here for that anymore, i guess. as the days go by, i think about killing myself more and more. yesterday, it took all my will power to not do it, i got scared that it wouldnt work and id just get hospitalized. today, i dont know if that fear will stop me anymore. i have no real friends besides a best friend who lives so far away that it would make no fucking difference, since she has her cool friends right beside her. and she would be better off without me anyway. this annoying, shitty excuse of a girl. my friends at school? they probably all hate me. they know i struggle and dont give a shit. my family is a fucking mess and the reason for that is me. i ruined my fucking family. and as xmas approaches, its so fucking hard to listen to everyone gushing about their perfect little family, how they love their grandparents, their parents. and me? all my xmas are sad. the gifts are honestly the only good part about it but this year i wont even have gifts, since my mom refuses to get me anything i ask for, as cheap as it is. i have no talent. i have no dreams. i have been feeling numb and dont even care about going to my favourite bands concert anymore. i lost all my enthusiasm about stuff. my grades have been going down as my depression quickly gets worse, and i just cant take this anymore. i cant talk about this to my best friend because she has been busy and i dont think she realizes how bad ive gotten. so, this might be a suicide note. or it might not be. i dont know. but is you made it this far, and if youre also feeling suicidal, i just want you to know that you dont need to be like me. sadly, there is no way i can get help. i wish i could take some meds, have a therapist - but i cant. and i know that i would perhaps get by this if i could, or even if i just had friends or a normal fucking family. if you feel like this, seek help. the pain i feel is so unbearable that i dont want even my worst enemies to feel like this, let alone a good person like you, reader, may be. i think ill just tell me best friend i love her and then go to sleep, or just die. im not sure. please, if you feel like this, know that you are loved. i just cant lie to myself about that anymore. thank you.