There's really no pointThere really isn't anymore. 

Suicidal thoughts everyday. A few attempts this year.

Been dealing with having suicidal thoughts for a longer time now.

I have "help" since last year. 
I go to a place once a week and talk to someone (a nurse but she's on vacation now so there's someone else that'll be there)
Two people visit twice a week (one of them has vacation now and the other one will go on vacation in two weeks. not sure if anyone else will come here or i gotta wait until their vacation is over)
I've tried suicide chat lines.
I've called another number if i hadn't know what to do anymore (don't think feel calling them anymore either. it feels like i bother them and it usually ends up with them sending police or ambulance and i don't wanna deal with that)
The police know who i am now because of all the attempts that has happened this year. dunno what to think about that. the nurse told me this. (im just known by them because off that, nothing else)
I've started an investigation through the psychiatric hospital to see what kind of diagnosis i have. but gotta wait until August again for next meetings.
I try to stay alive and not take me own life since i don't wanna hurt my parents. they know im not doing well but they don't know about recent attempts or my self harm. 

What reality is, this doesn't help. im not really getting any "help" 
I go to the place and talk but it doesn't help and we haven't to be honest not done much. we've been waiting and waiting and waiting and the only thing I've been doing is waiting and not try to take my own life and been self harming on and off or everyday. 
Being admitted to the psych ward doesn't help, you're just stuck there staring so i can just be home staring as well. 
Medications hasn't helped. 
These people visiting doesn't help. 
Nothing is fun or enjoyable. 
Nothing makes me happy. at all. 
I can laugh and stuff but it's not "real happiness" 
I either feel empty/numb or too much/everything at the same time and i can't handle it. 
If i cry it doesn't feel real. i know i cry because im sad or whatever but it doesn't feel real. like real sadness. it feels like an empty dark void and i don't like it. 

I feel it would be better if i wasn't here. if i wasn't alive. if i was just dead. then i wouldn't be a bother or burden to anyone anymore. they wouldn't need to worry about some worthless and miserable person like me. everyone would be happier. 

The nurses, the people, my family etc. they wouldn't need to have me in their life anymore. they wouldn't need to worry anymore. they would be free of their pain they feel because of how i am doing.

But at the same time i know i would hurt them if i did this. 

But then again.. is it better for them to worry all the time and feel pain because of me. 

or is it better for them to get rid of their burden once and for all so they don't have to suffer anymore. 

There's not point anymore.
There really isn't. 

I only see darkness. 
I only see myself gone in the future. 

I'm sorry everyone.
That im such a mess that can't be fixed or helped.
Im sorry for being a burden on your shoulders.
I wish i could had made people happy instead when being around them.
Instead i just go around with this black cloud over my head. spreading this "disease". spreading depression and putting everyone down.

There's no point.