I don't know what to doI'm tired of this

I'm tired of everything

I've been depressed as long as I can remember. Years. I've ""attempted suicide"" too many times now. You know what I mean. 

First, I was young and I thought lead poisoning would kill me, so I ate lead. Of course, I was like 12 and ate what I now know is graphite. 

18 - I tried pills, but could only gather the courage for half the bottle, and woke up 18 hours later groggy and even more depressed.

20 - I set up a noose and chair, but decided to call my mom who talked me through it.

You know. Those types of things.

I've spent countless nights sobbing and reading that lostallhope site about suicide statistics. Why sobbing? I don't know. 

A year and a half ago, I was ""drugged and raped"". I have """PTSD""". I tried therapy for months. I tried pills. I tried weed. I tried getting a dog. I tried getting a new job. Fuck, I tried my **dream job**. 

Nothing changes.

I'm nauseous every day. Morning to night. I have no one in my life but my mom and my dog. And now my mom's angry with me because I'm constantly angry. I'm so angry I can't even handle it. Why am I angry? I don't know. Maybe because people are fucking idiots out in the world. I get so angry I road rage. Drive recklessly. Like, insanely recklessly. Like, driving on the shoulder in rush hour to pass someone who wouldn't let me in. Because what's the worst that could happen?

I feel uncomfortable in my own house, and I'm the only one here. I slam my head on the wall to try and give myself concussions. To try and stop myself from thinking, being, feeling. 

I just want to die.

Everyone says "It gets better!!1!" "You can make it!" "I'm here for you!" but no one is. No one wants to hear it. 

"Oh yeah depression yeah that's hard. Anyway..." 

I asked someone if I told them what happened (I didn't tell them yet) and they said "Uh, yeah. You did. We already talked about that." 

As I started opening up, someone once said to me "Nope! No! Don't want to hear it! Don't tell me this! I'm not listening!". So much for support. 

No one has checked in with me. I have no one. No "How are you feeling?" "I'm sorry you're so angry all the time" "You have every right to feel that way". No one but me. 

All I get is "I know how you feel" and "It gets better"

Hell, I don't even get that anymore.

Well guess what? 

I'll never be happy. I can only feel anger and sadness. Imagine that. Only anger and sadness. Nothing else. 

What's the point. 

Maybe I'll just drink tonight. 

It's not that I'm afraid of death. It's that I'm afraid of pain. I'm afraid of not dying.