I don't think I can handle myself anymoreMy brother who I love dearly hates me, my dad wants nothing to do with me, my mom is sick of me I have no friends I have nobody and it is my fault. I have been thinking suicide is my best option at the moment. I came to the realization that I am the toxic one in the family that drags everyone down. I don't understand why I am like this and I wish I could change but I don't know how and I don't think I can. There is something  off about my brain and I don't know what it is. I have done so many unforgivable things in the past that the guilt is over taking me. I don't want to die but I feel like if I don't I will drag my entire family down with me. I was always the problem child. I was the type of kid who would get into a screaming matches with my parents over the most mundane shit. We would go back and forth almost everyday. It would usually be my fault but back then I was too stupid to realize it. In school I was the kid who was a bit slower than everyone else. I was smart in my own ways though I never had great awareness of the world and was always told I looked a million miles away but I have always been a very deep thinker I would get lost in thought for hours at a time. I was naturally a freak athlete and a really good writer. I was pretty antisocial as well though. I never put myself out there because when I did I usually looked stupid. I fitted in with the misfits of the misfits the people no one liked or just complete psychopaths. People would talk down on me and usually they would tell me they hate me and that I was stupid and no one likes me. They were right. Me being a bit slower I didn't know how to react so I would just get mad I never got physical I just got pissed. When I graduated a year and a half ago I left home and when I did my dad pretty much cut ties with me. I moved in with my mom and I have done more damage than good. I mean one year ago she was happy now she looks like a shell of her former self. I think I might do it this sometime before the end of the year. I know it will hurt them but I don't want to drag them down anymore. I don't get any texts I don't get any phone calls I get nothing.