Dental pain and I feel like the only way of no pain or discomfort; is whats on my mind every nightI'm a very self conscious person, I will start off by saying that... I am 27 years old right now and since 18/19 have been plagued by teeth issues I just can never seem to catch up with or get a handle on..

I had terrible acid reflux, waking up every morning and multiple times a day for a few years vomiting acid. It has since subsided which I am grateful for. But the damage that has been done to my teeth, is obviously irreversible. I already have 9 crowns, which many have root canals as well.

I have multiple other teeth that also need root canals and crowns, I am at the point where looking at all the money I have spent to try to fix my smile and be able to eat, it just makes me feel as if I have worked all this time for absolutely nothing. I will never be or afford anything in life at this rate...

Every day I have teeth that bother me and its not just one of those things you can wake up or go to sleep just knowing things will get better, because they won't. It only gets worse.

Its really hard for me to write something like this, I feel as if "most" people just wouldn't understand... My anxiety along with how self conscious I am coupled with the fact I've spent the money I've managed to save to try to save my teeth, and have had to go back and get work redone (not moving forward onto a next) makes me feel like there is no end... I've lately thought a lot of dieing, I feel like it has something to do with my teeth, I feel like has sort of consumed my thoughts and I feel obsessed with it.. It really sucks.

I'm hoping I just can get some thoughts or maybe someone or some other people have experienced "long term" dental issues and what they did about it.... My mind keeps telling me there is only way out of this and I can't speak to my family about what's going through my head lately, they would be devastated.. But at the end of the day, almost every day, I know I could not ever afford to fix this and all the time and money I have spent, I feel like its wasted and only bought me time and not being out of the pain. Some nights, Its all I can think about is what I can do to get away from this and I've never in my life thought of these types of things before. I really don't know which part is worse, the mental or the flare up pains...


Thank you for reading this, I appreciate anyone who could understand or perhaps has been through a similar situation please give me some insight or guidance on how you coped with this...

I have posted this in a couple of other subreddits but am really lost lately and my mind will not get off of it... I would love to be able to have confidence, smile, actually eat food without picking at my teeth or having to floss immediately, and obviously pain and embarassment free would be easing... I can't afford all of this and thinking of dieing is just not me....