Into the Forest - Prepping for SuicideHello! I've never felt happier and that's because I've finally decided on how I'm going to do it. I wanted to jump the bridge at first, but fuck I'm way too scared to do that. I thought about a gun, but I think that'd be horrifying to find. I considered hanging, but again, I don't want my body found. 

And then it occurred to me - get lost. I'm hiking into the Olympic National Forest, I'm going as far as I can possibly go, in whatever direction I want. I'll see animals, be surrounded by the most beautiful nature, probably see things I could never imagine, sleep beneath the stars! It's going to be GREAT. 

And once I've walked as far as I can, I'm going to close my eyes and spin. I'm going to walk with my eyes closed. I'm going to lose myself. I'm going to die in the forest, from what who knows? That takes out some of the fear, maybe I'll starve or die from the elements, or a bear will snag me, or I could fall accidentally.

I do NOT want to waste resources so I am going to leave a letter claiming I took a flight to Vegas and will be back in a few days. I'll park my car in a weird spot so no one notices it right away. I'll leave a note in the car, for when someone does....or actually I think I'll leave the car unlocked and my keys on the seat, maybe someone can steal it, I'll leave a note that you can have this car for free. 

I've already started giving away my money, $100 tips for EVERY employee I come across! I can't WAIT to hand out my $1000 tip! I only have like $10k saved up right now so I can't do that too much, but I'm not letting a penny go to waste. 

And here's the BEST part about my plan - I might survive. I might come back out alive. And if I do? That means I won, I'm STRONG - strong enough to break up and leave my mentally and emotionally abusive boyfriend. Oh, how I would go back in time to before I met him and hug myself and tell myself how awesome I am, and to flee dating! Stay single forever! Then, I could have made friends and gone camping, slept under the stars with others. But instead, I dated him and I now I'm committed. I tried to leave him so many times. But I know I never will - but fuck him, HE doesn't get to keep me forever. The forest will do that - or it will help me grow and release me back into the world, where I'll finally be able to spit on him and tell him to go to hell. 

It felt so good to write this. I'm scared, but no one can help. I've seen therapists but they all tell me to "just break up with him and move out" and then he finds out they said that and are advising me, and then I can't see them anymore. My family was going to help me, but I called them the day before and begged them NOT to come! Because he tricks me, warps my brain. It's okay, no one has to believe me. Even now, I'm just playing the pathetic little victim. Whine whine cry cry, I can just pick up and leave at any moment, right?! And yet I can't and I don't because he mentally stops me, convinces me he's right and I'm wrong and reddit, dear god, he is so SMART. It's like talking to Spock. I say why I want to leave, he points out why my want is incorrect. I say I want my friends back, he points out I can make friends here (I'm 4000 miles away from home). I say I want to be polyamorous, he points out I agreed to monogamy 10 years ago and I didn't bring this information up soon enough for it to be relevant. I say I want to BREAK UP and he say's why? But every WHY I have is false, so I am forced to stay. My Why's will never mattter - so I will go into the forest where I can SCREAM my WHYS and they will matter to me and I will be FREE. 