I dont really know what I'm doing hereI don't even know why it's so bad tonight, it just is . I've tried twice before with pills, clearly that didn't work . And even knowing for a fact I don't have nearly enough to OD I'm tempted to try anyways just for that little while of peace where I feel like I'll be able to rest soon . 

They've been my best friend for 6 or 7 years, and I know the amount of times I casually say "I want to die" has more than desensitized them to my ranting, but I never thought they'd tell me "honestly that's just the age you're at ." 

Being 17 years old does come with problems I wouldn't have as an adult, but being an adult will come with problems I don't have at 17 . Tonight-- being three in the morning as I write this-- I'm going to eventually fall asleep, then I'm going to wake up at 8am for an online math class I'm not actually going to have the energy to attend again, then I'll fall back asleep until I get yelled at to wake up and do the work I didn't do yesterday, then I'll stare at the ceiling for a while while my mind screams at my body but my body just won't move . Eventually my ears will get so numb from hearing the name I hate being shouted down the hallway and we enter a 50/50 gamble where I either angrily drag myself out of bed to make it stop, or my brain shuts down and things only get worse . And this will happen every single weekday until sometime early June of 2019 . 

At that point, I'll graduate . I won't have to deal with a few of those problems anymore . 
But what everyone fails to see is that I'll still be fucking mental . I don't know what's wrong with me and it's very likely I will never, ever find out . I still have nightmares of the time my parents kept me out of the house all night and tried to trick me into taking tranquilizers just because I was afraid of an MRI . If I wasn't terrified of doctors and medication then (which, I definitely was), I sure fucking am now . 
While I am still a minor and my health decisions are still in my parents hands I CANNOT go get any help whatsoever because they will have full control over my treatment . If there's anything I can do about it, they will never have control over my mental health treatments ever after the MRI bullshit . 
But what about when I'm an adult ? And my medical decisions are up to me ? So let's say I go to a psychiatrist . Eventually we figure out what's wrong . If it's bad enough-- if I open my mouth too much and say too many concerning things-- my decisions get taken away from me anyways . You don't get a voice in a mental hospital . Nobody listens to you if you're ""crazy ."" If you protest tranquilizers because they're your biggest fucking fear, it doesn't matter, it only tells the doctors that you "need" it even more . It doesn't matter if it does calm you down in the moment, because you'll have to figure out how to live with it afterwards . 

And that's kind of where I'm stuck right now . I can't get help without destroying myself differently in the process . The thought of taking antidepressants or tranquilizers or antipsychotics even, or the thought of being stuck in a clinic, it's enough to make me want to die in itself . 

So if that's off the table, why don't I try bettering myself in other ways, right ? Also not simple . I figured for a long time that once I turned 18, I could just go away and live with that friend of mine . But I have no fucking idea what I'm doing as an adult . And I'm sure my friend would help me the best they can, but they definitely cannot do everything . Not like a parent could . 
The SECOND I step away from my toxic, dysfunctional family, I can almost guarantee they will not want to help me . Hell, they already don't, trying to get anything done I this house is already a fucking nightmare . But if I decide to just up and go when I'm 18 ? Fuck no, they'll tell me to figure it out myself . They probably won't even let me take some of my stuff, considering "they bought it, so it's theirs ." 

And to be completely honest ? I don't think I'm capable of taking care of myself . I have trouble speaking and my memory is fucked, I can't organize my thoughts and I can't make eye contact and sometimes I fall over too much to do things for myself . I've had to live these 17 years hiding everything, including that, from my parents to avoid them either yelling at me for being "ridiculous," or forcing me info medical situations I don't consent to . 

I talked about medical concerns, about shitty family, about my dysfunction . There's something else but it escapes me for now . I'm sure being trans has a lot to do with the struggles, too, but that's a whole different can of worms to get into, considering the situation . I'm out to my brother and one sister, the former of which who has probably forgotten, and I'm out to my mom, who keeps insisting she'll try to come to terms and help, but she never does, just like with any other issue . Who knows who I'm out to by proxy ? Maybe my other sister, maybe my dad, maybe my grandma or Aunt Cindy, or Uncle Brian . Doesn't matter, really . 
I'm out to the rest of the world, mostly, there's that . That has an effect as well . Some positive, some negative . Go figure . 

I yelled at my friend and now I'm not sure they're coming back . 

I keep telling myself I could last the 15 conscious seconds for a short drop, but I don't have a way to pull it off, and I'll definitely be interrupted, which won't leave me with anything but brain damage . 
I don't even have the comfort of knowing that suicide is an option, because for me, it's not . I can't bring myself to do something drastic like stabbing, which I also briefly mentioned to that friend . 
I can't manage to actually pull off any of the other ways, determined either by logically thinking through the situation, or both times I tried pills and woke up to puke in some of the most physical pain I've ever been in . 

That last section is a little intense I guess but there's really nowhere else for me to say all that . 
I don't really know what I'm doing in this subreddit . I just found my way here looking for some kind of relief . 
That being said, I haven't got any idea how to keep it private . I turned off the profile option to show what subreddits I'm active in . 
I think I know how to hide a post from my profile . 
But what I don't know is how to hide comments from my profile, so if there's a way to do that, that'd be nice to know  . Otherwise I'm not really sure how to reply . 

That's all I can think of . It's been 40 minutes . I'm tired . I probably won't be able to sleep . 