I’m a toxic personI am diagnosed with BPD and am currently in therapy that feels/felt like I was getting somewhere for the first time in...forever. My closest friend is my ex and he’s very supportive in my recovery even though towards the end of our relationship I hurt him deeply and often, something I’m still remorseful about to this day.

Among those things were issues I caused within his friendship group due to me “splitting” and seeing those people as against me. I know I was wrong even though those feelings felt rational at the time but he worries I’ll never get along with them and I don’t see the point in trying to when they already dislike me. We had a huge argument about it last night because I said I didn’t regret acting on my feelings...only the fallout which isn’t true because I regret both but it’s hard for me to admit i’m wrong when I feel attacked.. 

The reason this matters is because we both had planned to be with each other again in the future but I feel like now I’ve ruined everything. 

He told me last night I haven’t changed which hurt because I feel like i’ve been doing so much better and communicating better and not acting on impulse..I just made a mistake last night.

I hate hurting the people I love and I know they will be better off without me because I’m toxic and manipulative and I don’t think I’ll ever recover. Suicide is almost an act of kindness when it comes to me...it’s like putting an animal down so it can’t hurt anyone else.

I have pills but not enough to be fatal. In the past what stopped me was not wanting to traumatise someone by jumping in front of a train or jumping from a building and I’m sorry if I do but I need the guarantee that I will not wake up. My mother lives in a high rise with fire escapes, I’m going to her house tomorrow for a family event and I’ll be staying the night and in the early hours of the morning I’ll take the codeine I have and jump. Hopefully I’ll be so high I won’t feel the fear or the pain as my body hits the ground. 

I don’t know how to say goodbye to the people i’m leaving behind but I think it’s best if I don’t because they will only try to stop me like they have in the past and this time I can’t fail 