Reddit, I don't know how much more I can take...I have nowhere else to go and no one else to turn to right now. I'm diagnosed Bipolar Type II, off meds because they conflict with pain medication I have to take to be able to get out of bed.

To put it bluntly, I can't cope anymore. I have chronic pain syndrome and other neurological shit going on, so I'm in pain constantly even though I'm on high doses of painkillers. I can't get a job because of my bad health so I'm on benefits, (I'm in the UK, US equivalent would be social security,) but I'm pretty sure the government will kick me off because my condition isn't recognised as being 'worthy' of stopping me from working. 

I'm 20, nearly 21, and I still live with my family. Family meaning my mum, step-dad and grandmother. I shit you not when I say this Reddit, but they literally avoid talking to me. I can have a conversation with my mum but as far as my step-dad, grandmother and an overbearing aunt who visits every day goes, they ignore me, to the point where they'll leave a room if I walk in. The only good friend I have lives at the other end of the country and might be moving back to Europe when she's done with her education.

I'm not good at anything. I can't afford to get the equipment to do what I really want to. I just sit in my room, on my own, in silence, either watching shit TV or playing video games all the time. I've tried everything to make things better, but nothing works. The last time I was in a place this dark, I attempted suicide four times in as many months, got sectioned under the mental health act, ended up in a facility for six months and developed an eating disorder and I don't want to go back to that.

EDIT: I got a phone call this morning to tell me that the government have overturned the decision they made to keep me on employment support allowance for my disability. Now I have no money coming in and I have to go back on a benefit where they force me to apply for jobs in places like building sites, where I'm obviously not capable of doing the job properly. Reddit, I seriously give up. Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse, they do.

What can I do, Reddit? I'm losing hope.