What's the damn pointWhy is it that so many people can just take the bad in life and not let it get them down?  Death of pets, death of friends, death of family members, dull and endless situations, some people can just take it like it's a part of life and just keep up being happy. 

My dog is old and has started getting these lumps all over his body.  He's 13 years old and he has been with me for my entire mid teenage to adult life.  I'm not ready for him to leave me.

I work a low level fast food job, making a little over minimum wage.  During the week I wake up at 630am, go to work, and by the time I get home it's 630pm or so and I'm too wiped out to do anything and the cycle repeats day after day.  My 2 days off a week are the only days I can do anything, if I'm not already too tired and don't sleep in too long.  I'm so fucking tired, and I'm so hopeless anything will change.  My parents and many other people just shrug and say that's life.  And if that's really all that life is about, what is the damn point of even trying?  Why not just end it all right now?

An old coworker that I considered a friend from a job 3 years ago killed himself last week.  I never thought he'd do such a thing and I'm still in shock about it.  It feels like a dream.  He was a great guy, quiet, but willing to help and was friendly.  I saw a lot of myself in him and even if I hadn't heard from him in a while and didn't hang out with him much, I really do miss him.  It felt like if he could keep chugging on through life, then maybe I could find the strength to chug on in life too.  But now he's gone.  He's gone and I can't stop thinking about him and just looking through his facebook.  Looking pack on his pictures and his posts wondering what was going through his head at those moments in time.  Wondered if maybe I could have done something differently and he might still be here.  

I'm only in my mid 20's and I'm so tired of life.  So, so tired.  Physically, mentally, emotionally.  I'm low paid, living with my parents, no hope of ever being financially comfortable.  What is the damn point of struggling through life.