I had enough drowning through life and fighting for every breath I take. I'm ending my life tonightI am getting sick and tired of hearing that I need to love myself first before I can be with someone. I am getting tired of hearing that I don't need someone else to rely on to make me happy.
I see so many people who have someone to be with and they don't love themselves, they aren't happy in life. to me, it isn't about that. It is about having someone next to me who I love and who loves me. who wants to spend the day in day out with me. Someone to share life with and make memories with and get close to emotionally and mentally. 

To me, it is about having someone who has the same interests as you do and both of you doing the same things together. It's about having someone next to you, who loves you, who holds you who hugs you, who tells you that you matter. It's about having someone to do things with and share life with and be close to, it is about having someone who is there instead of always doing it by yourself and never being able to get anywhere because you can't do it alone literally

This world esp the states it is extremely hard for just one person by themselves with no support of any kind to survive and make it,  I've done it my entire life alone, never had support, help, from anyone and I just can't do it anymore

It's about having someone to sit with at the end of the day share your day with them. It's about having someone to watch things with and just go on road trips with. It is not about having someone to make you feel good. I'm sick and tired of everyone saying that crap, gotta be happy first, gotta love yourself first gotta be this, gotta be that.
If that were the case then why do I see so many people with others who are messed up and worse than I am?

Why did my cousin marry a drug addict who can't hold down a job and is in jail 90% of his time leaving her to raise their kids, yet here I never do drugs been to jail. But I got to love myself and be happy first with myself and fix myself and be the best of myself before I can be with someone.

My neighbor is working 3 jobs and she's pregnant and her bf sits at home no income and does drugs all day, hits on her and refuses to do anything, but yet I have to be happy with myself love myself and be a better person. While people like that get to be with someone and I have to be this Mr perfect before I try to be with anyone

I live on 790 a month off disability renting a room from an elderly woman and when she dies I'm fucked, homeless on the streets no car. Been trying to save what I can out of my check what's left after bills, I can't do it alone, no help no other income, no support from anyone, I can't do it anymore by myself.

I've spent 39 years on this earth alone, single, my family outcasted me and never wanted me, thrown away like trash, spent ten plus years homeless. tossed side to side by everyone  I've had contact with, treated as if I don't belong. People only using me to get what they want then toss me away as if I never mattered. It's not a way to live, nothing I do makes a difference nothing I do matters.

I've lived this entire life in solitaire watching others live a life I want so desperately to live but am unable to even get halfway to it no matter how hard I try. It's been over 15 years since anyone ever hugged me, told me they loved me and meant it. Last year I had eye surgery done on my right eye and when the guy held my hand as he was putting the IV in my hand. I started crying because it was the first time anyone has held my hand or even touched me in over 15 years

This isn't a way you're supposed to live. I've had kissed just one woman in my life and it haunted me ever since knowing I'll never get to do that daily to someone who wants me or loves me. knowing that was the first and only time I will ever have any one kiss me, it's not a life to live.

I go months to years no one to talk too via voice just texting online. It has been 18 months since I've heard another humans voice let alone had an actual voice conversation, I can't keep living like this it is killing me. Any time I reach out I get trolled, bullied, laughed at, mocked at, made fun of. I've had people on 7cups of tea tear into me and call me a liar then got banned for taking up for myself. I've had people on Reddit and Imgur treat me horribly, I've had people on Facebook spread lies about me. I've had the suicide hotline treat me like crap, literally.

I'm 39  and I have nothing in my life, no family, no friends, no car, renting a room from an elderly woman who abuses me and blackmails me and drags me into debt with her, unable to escape and get my own place. I have absolutely no one and nothing in my life but this crappy laptop that 

I got from a neighbor for 540$ USD and 13 shirts and 16 pairs of underwear and 7 pants most are sweat pants. I have absolutely nothing in this life and just can't keep going like this. it is destroying me inside and out. it is killing me mentally and emotionally and physically. The town I live in has absolutely nothing but a Walmart, some fast food places, no uber, no taxi, no lyft, and no bus. I am 25 miles away from my dr and can't even get there like I need to. 

I just can't take life like this anymore and I am starting to emotionally and mentally break and crack and when that happens I know I will try to end things. It feels like that is the only way to change things. The only escape out of this living hell I am living in.