Super interesting title.This is just gonna be a rant and probably not very intelligible as I'm struggling these days to Express what's actually going on in me. 

First off I am constantly thinking of suicide. That's not unusual for me or even that big of a deal. Suicidal ideation =/= as having a plan (as we all know) and I dont really have a plan. I have a dream of just running away from it all. 

Theres an island I can escape to where all I have to do is put in a couple hours work a day and then live for free. Seems like a no brainer but it's obviously not that simple. If I go there I become a drug user. That's the real price and for all my flaws it's not one I'm willing to pay. Not yet anyways. 

I currently live with my gf whose daughter stays with us part time (2 on 2 off). Its a really good situation in general but for the fact that I'm currently not capable of being any more than a person that needs to be taken care of. It is stressing her out.  she needs a parter rn, not another child in the house. We were in a distance relationship before covid but when I couldn't afford to pay the rent anymore she let me move in with her. I dont think she really knew what she was getting herself into. 

Last couple days have been rough. Really rough. I take adderall for ADHD but it's also the only thing that helps with my depression and the accompanying symptoms. Problem is that now I've become addicted and if I dont take them for even one day I experience extreme depression. I usually run out of my script before I can refill It cause i take too much. It's hard having something that makes you feel normal without abusing it. 

This obviously has a hard effect on my gf. I told her about it she knows... shes amazing... she's naive. I know that I'm not likely to get better any time soon and I dont think she should have to put up  with me but where do I go? 

I have a few options for living arrangements but nothing ideal. Nothing is ever ideal. I dont know what to do. I'm seeing a counselor and have an appointment with a psychologist next week. I am not optimistic. 

Then it just circles back to running away from it all and ending my life. It's a comforting thought that I have the power to end all my pain and suffering with one stroke of a blade.

Nothing makes sense anymore. Theres no purpose to my life and I only seem to bring pain to the people around me. 

I know you can all relate and that's why I'm here.