Just been feeling really down lately.So, I don't really know how this works but I'll give a bit of a back story. 

 I've had a sort of rough life? Not really the hardest but not the best (who really has?) but my life was rough due to drugs. 
My Parents have had serious drug problems my whole life and most likely before then, they use to do meth but quit and started doing Xenex and hydrocodone really bad. By Bad I mean taking an excessive amount (10+).


Any drug habit takes a lot of money especially at $5 a pill. So that led to my parents constantly being broke which meant no food in the house, so we went several days without eating. So that sucked pretty bad and lead to me and my brothers hating drugs with a passion. 
Well, as I got older my brothers moved out and I was left to deal with doped up parents to the extent of them falling, drooling and extremely slurred speech. 
 
One night when I was at work my mom went to jail (doped up driving) going to pick up more pills because they were running low. That night my father Called and told my brother go pick me up and take me to my Grandma's, But I was already heading home by that point. I got home found out and my Father was fucked up, like normal. I just kinda just went to my room and went to bed. The next morning I had school, well he apparently got more fucked up over night so that pissed me off. I raged, said hateful things and just was all around pissed said things like ''this is fucking stupid get your fucking life together'' to my father and other hateful things. 
  He drove me to school that morning (My car wasn't running and the night prior my girlfriend at the time drove me home from work)  

As I hopped out of the car he said ''I love you son'' and I just slammed the door in his face, well later that morning my oldest brother came and picked me up early from school. I knew something was wrong and he just said ''Dads dead''. I broke down and Cried.

It's been about three years sense this happened and it's seriously been bothering me lately, everytime I drive I think about running off a bridge or running into a piller because I feel like such a piece of shit. 

Sorry If the grammar is terrible, I've never been all that great at English, nor story telling. 