i seem to keep coming back to this place, keep wanting to kill myselfi dont know how to keep dealing with this shit, theres always something that pops up and makes things difficult-


my mother psychologically/physically abused and severely neglected me as a child, father abandoned me, never had friends. still dont have friends.  mom still isnt great. claims to never have money. i own like 2 shirts,  a single pair of pants, 2 pairs of shoes (one of which is broken, so 1 wearable pair) and 2 pairs of socks. i dont even fucking have clothes. and the ones i have are oversized. 2-3 sizes too big. i look like a clown in them. i also have virtually no memories from ages 0-14. just some fragments, mostly abuse from mom.  


Dont have a job. i study in gymnasium. went to a psychiatrist a little while ago, got prescribed antidepressant. dont even have money to buy it. even though it should be like 7 euros? (doctor visits are covered, meds are not)


somehow, every time something good happened to me, life fucked over all of my friends. - something nice happened to me, something bad happened to them. something good happened to them? something bad happened to me. i have no idea why this is the case, and im not a superstitious person, but somehow theres a pattern. and apparently  i managed to convince myself through this that i dont deserve anything good. 


to top all of this off, i'm trans. utterly hate my face and genitals. and i have no money to change anything.
and nothign related is covered by my country's equivalent of NHS. nothing at all. and this depresses me. 
oh and as icing for this bit: the trans specific doctor i saw today called me a dude. how very professional of him. as i was taking myself back home on my bike, i saw all these ladies in the city, all of them pretty , a lot of them with significant others. i'll never have this :/ 


i honestly see no future for myself, let alone a future i want.
theres no light at the end of the tunnel for me, its a looping tunnel.

i dont really expect anyone from this sub to actually help me either i guess. i dont see how you could + last time i posted a thread in similar vein as this , igot pm'ed that someone is masturbating to the thought of me while reading my post :/
