Too weak to even kill myselfI want to kill myself but I never do. I almost did once, but my husband took the gun away from me. I have Borderline Personality Disorder and Type II Bipolar Disorder. Type II means I don't get mania, I get hypomania, the less fun one. I spend most of my time depressed, though. The BPD makes it worse. I don't feel like I deserve help - I'm getting therapy and meds from a non-profit mental health place, where I found out I don't need help. I don't do drugs, I'm not an alcoholic, I own a car, I've always been able to hold down a job, and I'm working on getting my B.A. with two majors and a minor with a 3.78 GPA. Also, married to a guy who's basically perfect.

Describing myself, I sound like someone who shouldn't be hoping for death. Yet I do. I fuck shit up. Husband is sad? I find a way to make it worse. Money problems? It's all about me. Today we went grocery shopping and ended up with $82 for food because my husband didn't work one day due to being sick. Didn't find this out until we were paying for the food. My husband unloaded the cart and put all my food, even my freaking ice cream, on the belt. He has two dinners for the next ten days of work! But apparently my ice cream is more important because if I don't have a reward system, I won't be able to successfully continue watching my calories. 

We're poor and have been living with his mom since we got married two years ago. His mom initially didn't like me cause I'm white, then I worked to establish a good relationship with her. When the engagement came about she told my husband she actually didn't like me at all, she was only pretending because she figured we'd break up eventually and she wouldn't have to put up with me any longer. Then she proceeded to be emotionally abusive while believing I was the one causing all the problems. She told me her family had been happier before I came along. 

My husband took away my gun cause I was suicidal. After getting back on meds this summer he gave it back because I was doing better. His mom said he shouldn't give it back because I'll just shoot myself. So no matter how much I wanna die, I can't do it with my gun because his mom will absolutely tell him "I told you so."

I'm not sure why I'm posting this shit. I guess I need an outlet. I always go t Facebook first, but I don't post there anymore because people kept telling me my attitude was the reason for me being sad or I shouldn't be opening up so much on social media or some other bullshit. 

Anyway, tonight I really wanna cry, feel alone (cause I fucking deserve things to be awful) and die. Being alive is just too fucking stressful. I can't keep this shit up.