My StoryThe point of this whole post is to show that people can get better and that there is light at the end of the tunnel.

My major depression started when I was 12 or in 6th grade I would often get angry and depressed and think about suicide daily I felt like I was living in a hell. Mid-way through 6th grade I transferred to a christian private school which really only made things worse as it was more academically intensive and I lost all my freinds, in short I failed 6th grade. 7th Grade came and things were only getting worse I dont wanna get into much detail cause even now it brings up thoughts and emotions I would rather not have to think of again but It ended with me in a mental hospital around november of my 7th grade year. The mental hospital really only made things worse but it gave me a break from regular life plus seeing kids flip over tables and start throwing shit over a card game was pretty funny to me since I was 13 and 13 year olds really find anything funny. Being in a mental hospital is a weird experience, It didn't help that I was the youngest there, you expect everyone in there to be out of there minds but the people in there turned out to be the most illeligent, caring people I had ever meet. Even before the mental hospital I had been missing weeks of school at a time but after I got out of the mental hospital I had just stopped it all together so yet again I failed my 7th grade year. By this time I had lost all my freinds due to me pushing them away and wanting to be alone. 8th grade came by and Yet a different school, this school was a more depression oriented school it had around 40 kids give or take and was very sheltered in a sense in you couldnt say certain words or couldnt talk about certain political topics and such. Back then I had a sick sense of humor so I didnt really get along with any of the kids, also there was only 1 other kid in 8th grade. I remember the day trump got elected everyone there was crying and well they were crying in sadness I was crying in laughter cause a bunch of adults were crying over the bobble head of the united states. Anyways around the middle of the year stress, depression and anxiety yet again gets me and I stopped school but ofcourse I was missing alot of school before hand. Just a fyi Im excluding alot of traumatic stuff that has happend in this story since I dont like talking about it even with myself. Anyways my family ends up moving to another school district since they thought maybe public school might be better since private school wasnt working. The move was pretty hard on me since I was practically there all my life. 9th grade was tuff and didnt get any better I was failing all my classes missing mass amounts of school and was overwhelmed to the point I would collapse every time I got home. Halfway through the year my parents enrolled me in special ed which gaves me extra help and a whole class dedicated to homework. Btw this highscool was huge like 4k kids so you could not really get personal time with the teacher so the dedicated homework period was very helpfull. For the first time in 4 years I was actually felling good, I had just got on the lacrosse team and in turn it boosted my grades since you need certain grades to play on the lacrosse team. It felt like I finally had overcome the cycle of depression I had been going in every single year. I had about 1 month of happiness before life hit me in the balls and when it hit me it hit hard. It was the first lacrosse practice and the first thing we were gonna do was laps which is pretty normal during the start of practice but thats when life hit me in the balls again I couldnt use my right leg to run for some reason it just wouldnt run. I tried to tell my dad about it but he told me to tuffen up so I countinued to run about it and complain about it untill they eventually took my in to see a doctor. We did a Mri and the doctor couldnt believe what he saw and thought it was a mistake so I went in for another mri and he was still in shock I had a really bad fracture in my tailbone which is rlly bad for any of you non docotors out there. The doctor was shocked because its really really really hard to fracture your tailbone to the extent I did and you would normally have to be in a horrific car crash to do so. I never knew how I fractured it but I did and life went on. I couldnt play lacrosse anymore, my grades dropped, I wasnt able to see my lacrosse freinds anymore since ussually lacrosse was the only place I saw them cause the highschool is huge. The depression cycle repeated itself yet again and I started missing weeks of school again just like before I got into the lacrosse team. I ended up making it close to the end of the school year with only 3 weeks left but I burnt out and could not go any further. I took physical therapy in the summer and everything was going well intill life hit me in the balls once again. I got a bloody nose during one of the physical therapy sessions which is important later on in the story. Eventually I got cleared for my tailbone but then again life kicked me in the balls the doctor saw my leg which had weird dots all over it which I had never seen before. He told us to see a doctor cause It could be dangerous. At this point I was astounded at my luck I couldnt believe that the day I got cleared for my tailbone another freak accident happened like what are the chances. I dont know if Im emphasizing this enough but I was still dealing with major depression and anxiety everyday to the point where I was coming close to offing myself. We went to the doctor and Got some bloodwork done and what not, and It ended up being ITP a rare blood disease. In short ITP means you cant produce platates lids which are the things that stop bleeding and also make your blood vessels more likely to burst which is very dangerous if your platates get low since a simple bang of your head could cause internal brain bleeding and kill you or a deep cut could make you bleed out. ITP doesnt only take away your platates but it also makes your blood my thinner and almost like water. Due to the blood disease I had to homeschool which was honestly the best experience I have had with school yet far. I wasnt failing I was fairly stable and was not really to stressed out. I forgot to add this but since 6th grade I was put on depression, anxiety and adhd medicine. I also forgot to add during 7th grade I had braces and often I would pass out after school and forget to brush teeth and I got my braces off my teeth were fucked which just degraded my self confidence even more, anyways back to the story. November came around And I woke up with a ton of blood sores in my mouth and I was looking very pale which are 2 very bad signs. One day we were driving the blood and cancer center and I got a really bad bad bloody nose it was like a waterfall I was chugging blood like it was soda. After getting there I was about really to pass out after waiting in the lobby lol we got into the doctors office and I only felt worse she came in to take blood and I was like bitch wtf Ive already lose enough blood cant you just get some from the floor - didnt actually say that im not rude. She got blood and it only good worse I had chugged so much blood I feinted and thrown up some blood which isnt fun after we got the results back it turned out I had 0 platletes which didnt really phaze me cause I was still puking up blood and dealing with a horrible bloody nose. I end up having to get a bone marrow biopsy to make sure I didnt have cancer so that they could give me meds that would stablilize me. I was put under and it was suppose to last 10 mins but It ended up lasting 45 mins. I had lost so much blood that they had to go get a bag of blood to replenish me, somehow I also woke up during the procedure somehow idk lol but throughout this whole time I still had a bloody nose it had been going for like 2 hours. I woke up with my parents beside me and the memories are kinda foggy but it wasnt fun after that I stayed in the hospital for 3 days to make sure I was stable. Before this I was given a weird medicine through a Iv to help with my platlets which lasted 6 hours and was not fun it had a bunch of wacky side effects, there was a 80 percent chance of it working and it didnt work ofc. After I got out of the hospital I was put on steroids to make sure my platlets didnt fall under again now you may be wondering why they didnt give this to me before and thats because 1. if i had cancer it would only make it worse and 2. it has life threatening side effects but the alternative is you bleed to death so I would take my chances. The medicine made you feel like shit and It wasnt fun it wore off after around 2 weeks. Note: I keep forgetting to put stuff please forgive me im to lazy to go back and edit or fix my grammar. Ofcourse the cycle repeated itself again And I stopped 10th grade. During the hospital I developed a annoying tick where I would crack my fingers but with one hand and in the oppisite way since I could only use one hand since one was holding my nose. My depression and anxiety only made things worse I often would get minor ptsd and have a panic attack. There was a 90 percent chance that this blood disease would never go away according to the doctor. At this point I was done because It seemed no matter how hard I tried to fight I would always be overpowered by depression and anxiety. The worst part was I was doing so well compared to past years before I went into the hospital. At this point I had taken algebra 1 5 years in a row lol. I basically Have not completed a school year since 5th grade which should be apparent in my grammar XD. Anyways Its been a summer and its pretty much climaxed  2 months ago yet again I was about ready to jump off a bridge and was seriously considering suicide and even attempted it, and was cutting myself etc nothing new. My mother conviced me not too and she stayed up all night trying to find a treatment until she found something called tms which you can look up yourself its basically a treament for depression which involves sending electromagnetic shocks through your head and waking up the part of your brain which controls your moods im only on my 6th treatment and I already feel much better I still have my days but I feel like its actually working. Im going to update this thread every month and my goal is to go to stanford and get rid of my depression and anxiety and do something meaningful in this hell of a world(ik a pretty big goal for someone who has failed algebra 1 6 years in a row) the last edit in this story is gonna say 2 things either "I beat the world" or "The world beat me ". P.S - if you read through this whole thing then you have way to much time on your hands lol jk.