So life is work, sleep, and a bunch of meaningless distractions? This is not okay and I want no part in it.So things are actually okay if you're looking in from the outside. I recently moved out into my own apartment (@29), I have a job that covers the cost of living though without much wiggle room for saving up, and though I'm a virgin with no girlfriend, I tend to enjoy the lack of drama and responsibility. Yet, still, almost every night I go into work wishing to die. Not because the job is awful, but because I feel cheated.

We don't have much time on this Earth, yet we spend 2/3 of it working and resting up for it. The remaining third is devoted to winding down. Most days, it feels more like 1/2 work and 1/2 sleep. What often upsets me is how this all seems planned by American business to keep me as source of -thier- income. That the economy is kept afloat by keeping the working class in a work-consume-sleep cycle and I'm merely an unspecial interchangeable part. I could hang myself in the locker room and life will move on. I had a prior CMV where I contemplated why I should bother trying anything if I'm always going to be outdone. Despite the advice received and the deltas given, I still have doubts. This world always seeks the best, and to even have an acceptable standard of living you need to literally smash hopes, dreams, and skulls. If that's life, I'm not okay with it. The idea that we all know this and have just accepted it? Also not okay with. 

It has gotten to the point where the notepad app on my phone, once used for cool ideas I was thinking up at my prior crappy gas station job, now consists of rants and self-bullying and egging myself on to kill myself. That app, a bastion for what remains of my creative ambitions. 

Then there's the depression itself. I was diagnosed with Dysthymia last year: a long term, mild depression. Grey skies that never seem to clear up. I'm on my fourth anti-depressant now, Effexor: I feel like it is walling off some of the anxieties I used to have and repressing my memories (reducing some chatter, perhaps) but at the cost of making my flare-ups more severe. I've discussed ketamine infusion therapy with my therapist, but we both have our concerns: is it another opioid crisis in the making, is it another money pit, is there enough long-term benefits? Really, I'm sick of being on this ride of "maybes" and "chances". I can't afford to sample every treatment and live with the consequences.

And then there's this world we live in. This post-Trump division that I have no incentive to believe will get better. My therapist has ordered me to stop watching/following the news for my own sake, leaving it to more stable friends to tell me when something major has happened, and not just more impeachment porn and the penning of our democracy's obituary. Maybe taking a break will help? Who knows, but it has made me more angry, bitter, hopeless, and cold towards our species. I was pessimistic before, but now I just have no faith that any amount of good will balance things out.

Finally, the hopelessness that comes with knowing this is nothing new. Depression has been with us for millennia, taking on different names with different forms of coping with it. Now we are in a world where there are more people than opportunity, and most opportunities are interchangeable positions: that we are not men, but batteries, and like batteries, we tend to poison the Earth with our consumption. The recent death of Anthony Bourdain, a hero of mine, only made this outlook bleaker. That there is no amount of living one can do to quell the darkness that lives in the depressed, and we're just suffering through it until we die either naturally or by our own hands. Who wants to live with such chronic, incurable pain? 

The point is, I'm not keen on what appears to be a predetermined path. I will be depressed for the rest of my life, likely due to self-sabotage, a feeling that my freedom still has strings attached, and that suffering is just the human experience. What a load of horse shit. To live an ordinary life after being promised a great one. To work for more work. To have no fulfillment? To only be alive to feed the fat boys? 