Worst times of my life. Started entertaining these thoughts lately...So, where to start?

Year started out with my wife asking for a divorce. We had only been married for 3 months, and dating for 2 and a half years prior to that. She was cheating on me with a co-worker. I agreed to it after realizing what was going on, and that was official about 2 months ago. 

Less than a week after it was official, I found out I wasn't getting that promotion at work. In fact - Our entire department will be getting fired in 6 months, and our jobs sent to another state. OK, I get it, this year sucks.

Tried to tough through it, ended up coincidentally meeting up with an old friend I've always had a thing for. We ended up unofficially dating, everything was going great. Things started getting distant due to time constraints on her part, and I called that off today. I regretted it instantly, but know there's no going back at this point.

So I'm sitting here, drunk and alone, soon to be jobless, loveless, and wondering what the fuck else life has to throw at me. I had always had a thing for the girl I broke it off with, I am in love with her and know that deep inside myself. She meant more to me than my ex-wife could have ever meant. She doesn't feel the same, so reaching out and confessing my feelings is about as pointless as anything could be.

I've started entertaining thoughts of stopping this. I felt like a coward after the divorce, and felt like slightly less of a coward after the layoff. At this point, I think I'm destined to die alone and unhappy. I don't feel like my life could get any worse, as I'm 29 (Happy 30th this year!), and am sitting in my house alone with my dogs, divorced, with the most uncertain future imaginable. No, the divorce isn't weighing on me, as the cheating essentially ended my feelings for my ex wife. I care more about the girl I was dating than I did or do about her. 

I feel that if this is life, then I don't want to be a part of it anymore. I own a shotgun, and have thought about putting the barrel in my mouth. I think daily about driving my car off the overpass and into oncoming traffic, but don't want to hurt anyone else because MY life is the one that's shit.

I applied for a few jobs, heard nothing but decline after decline. I am a person who has always had success on his mind, in every aspect. This isn't the first time I've failed in my life, but I feel like I want it to be the last. I feel like such a coward for wanting to kill myself, but at the same time, I don't really want to deal with this year anymore. 

Things have become trivial. I wake up and go to the gym to work out every day because it's the only thing I enjoy in my life. Everything else seems absolutely pointless. I've burned all my vacation time within the past few months, because I'd rather sit at home and do nothing than waste away at a job that I won't have in 5 months. 

What concerns me is the reasons behind this. Everyone entertains suicidal thoughts at some point, for selfish reasons. "Who will miss me?" is a thought that people have. At this point, that has disappeared. I want to do this for me. 