I need to get it off my chestI’m 22. I was born in Australia to a mother who I’ve learned recently may have actually kidnapped me and isn’t my real mother. I was brought to America as a baby and told almost zero info about where I’m from. I’ve never had a real relationship with my bio father, he’s still in AUS. My mom brought me here as a baby and my stepdad raised me. My mother abused me and my sisters and my dad. I mean, attempted murder and told I’d never be able to leave her house even as an adult or she’d do horrible things abused. 
My life has been a fucking joke. I’ve been bullied. I’ve been assaulted. I’ve been made to feel so small my whole life. 
I’ve experienced love that was reciprocated only once and it wasn’t by a parent but by a high school boyfriend. We dated for two years. I met him 8 years ago and I’ve never stopped thinking about him. I’ve tried everything, I’ve been with my new partner for 5 years and yet I secretly want nothing more than to have my ex back. He’s married now. I love and miss him every day but I’m not even in love with my partner anymore. 
School was hard. I was too depressed and anxious bc of the abuse at home to really do well in school. I tried to get help from a counselor and she did nothing. My ex’s mother was going to legally adopt me and help get me out of that house but unfortunately he got tired of me. I don’t blame him. His family was filthy rich while mine was poor and they were going to pay for me to go to the college I really wanted to go to. That obviously fell through. 
I graduated when I was 17 and went to a tech school that I had to pay out of pocket. Full time college and three jobs. My parents helped none. At 20 I bought my car. I still wasn’t allowed to go anywhere but work. My boyfriend was a secret bc I wasn’t allowed to date. At 20. 
My boyfriend is just so aggravating. It’s been 5 years, I’ve lived with him for 2 (I was able to leave when my dad finally kicked my mom out and divorced her. I ran at the first opportunity and never looked back). My bf doesn’t take me on dates. He’s difficult, argumentative, inconsiderate, dismissive, all that shit. He’s never abused me I don’t think. But he hasn’t been good to me either. We’re great friends but we won’t make it as partners. He hasn’t ever taken me on a date. He’s never planned anything for me, though sometimes he pays if I plan to go somewhere. He’s messy. He doesn’t pay for any of the furniture. I didn’t mind paying bc I became a stripper and made decent money. But he could’ve done something. $4 flowers from Walmart. Taken me on a hike. Fucking something. But he doesn’t. 
I’m not working anymore. I’ve gotten pretty bad with drug use to the point I can’t go without weed and/or coke in my system. I got fired from that club and bc of covid (and a newly developed, crippling anxiety) haven’t gone back yet so I have a sugar daddy to help with my bills. I’m getting by. 
I’m not happy though. I never have been. My first time considering suicide I was 8 years old. My attempts didn’t work and almost no one knows i tried. Do you know how embarrassing it is to swallow a bottle of acetaminophen bc you have nothing else, just to wake up in the morning and have to go to school like nothing happened? I feel like shit every day. The love of my life is married to someone else and I can’t leave my current boyfriend because we signed a lease that doesn’t end for another year, I can’t afford to break it. I can’t sleep because of how depressed I am, I’ve been gaining weight and feeling absolutely horrible about my appearance. I have one friend. I have no guidance, no life purpose, no plans, I go days without sleeping sometimes because I’m so burdened and because my stupid boyfriend snores so fucking loud and keeps me up. All I want to do is sleep, it’s the only thing that helps and I can’t even have that. I’ve been doing every kind of drug and they aren’t helping. I have no one to reach out to. I have like, friends that follow me and that I sorta exchange comments with but I can’t talk to them. I barely know these people. I post about wanting to die, I even was making jokes about it the day I smoked crack for the first time and no one really cared. I don’t expect anyone to, and I know it’s my responsibility to reach out but it would be nice you know?
I don’t want to hurt my sister and I don’t want to leave my cats with my irresponsible boyfriend. I don’t want to tell him I don’t trust him with my belongings when I’m gone. The suicide hotline does not help. I have no one. 
Today my cat knocked my avocado off the counter and destroyed it and it sent me into a mental breakdown that’s still going, that I’ve been suppressing for probably months. I thought today about how lucky people are to have a reason to believe in a god. If he’s out there he abandoned me just like my parents did and I want nothing to do with him. 
I just feel miserable and I feel like I’ve been failed by everyone including myself. I dropped out of college my third year because I couldn’t afford to keep going. I moved to a different city and nothing has changed. I was expecting to feel better when I finally got out of that prison of a home but to my disappointment I still feel like shit. I’m just tired. 
I brought this here because I have no one else. This is my first time using reddit. I just wanted to get it out there because I can’t talk to anyone else. My suicide note has been in my notes app for a couple months and I think I’m ready now. I’ve been very generous with what little money I have because I don’t need it anymore. I hope my cats don’t grieve for long. I don’t have to worry about hurting my moms feelings, she won’t care. But I’m worried for my sister. I don’t want her to hurt but I really can’t keep doing this. 
I already know how I want to do it. I just know that my life has run it’s course and there’s no possible way to make it better. And if there is I honestly don’t think I want to. I dealt with a lot of shit I didn’t deserve but I’m too tired to keep trying to heal when every bit of progress I make is met with another disaster. I can’t do it. 

I don’t want to be talked down. When I attempted I never felt that last minute feeling of, I regret this and life might get better. At this point I’m more scared of failing again, or the idea that there might be an afterlife and I’ll have to continue existing. I think I’ve made up my mind. I just had to say it somewhere.