I need helpLike my throwaway name says, this will be a long post (and on mobile so poorly formatted).

I am 22f in a completely new city, working/studying in a completely new field for my graduate degree. My entire family lives 15 hours from me, the entirety of my friend group is 14-15 hours away (both by car, but I do not have the available time or money to fly back home due to my job constraints). This is the first time I have ever lived truly on my own. And I am not doing well.

My history with depression/anxiety started at 8. I was diagnosed after telling my parents I wanted to kill myself and telling them how I planned to do it. Between then and 2016 I’ve had 4 major suicide attempts, which my closest friends are aware of, but not my family. I regularly self-harmed through high school and my first two years of college (using fists/other hard objects to beat myself, cutting the inside of my mouth, burning the soles of my feet, picking at skin). This was purposefully never noticeable because I didn’t want anyone to know I was struggling.

Fast forward to recent years and to now: between 2016-2018 I was doing well, I managed to stop self-harming and was without suicidal ideation. I loved my friend group, I loved my therapist, I was excelling in school. I feel as though since I moved several months ago everything has fallen apart. Let me unpack it all.

My final year of college was difficult. I entered a very unhealthy relationship that was centered on gaslighting and emotional manipulation lasting from September to this past August 11mo). During this relationship, in March, I was sexually assaulted by a close friend while I slept. He pulled up my shirt and pulled down my pants and removed my tampon and inserted his fingers inside of me. I fully believe that if I had not woken up he would have raped me. The shame that I felt from this was unbearable because I believed it must have been my fault. I agreed to sleep in his bed as it was raining and late and I didn’t feel safe walking back to my house. I felt I would be safe with him. Ironic, no? I did not report my assault to my school, police, or parents. I did not have a rape kit done. I told my boyfriend at the time, who told me that no one would believe it, that there wasn’t evidence, that somehow the assault would be pinned on me. So I told no one else.

In light of the Kavanaugh confirmation bringing sexual assault to the forefront of US news, I have felt intense anguish, grief, anger, and disgust towards the man who assaulted me and towards myself. I feel I am reliving my assault every time I hear about someone else’s. I have multiple times wanted to tell someone else, to hear them say they support me, but feel as though I can’t. I have close friends who were raped. To me this feels as though it is not something I should be this upset by, as it could have been much worse. I know it doesn’t make sense, it’s just the way it feels. What’s more is that I’m still afraid I won’t be believed or will be blamed. Or that someone will force me to report something I don’t want to see dragged open with lawyers and police and a school investigation. For some people that would give closure. For me that idea gives me nightmares.

The other challenge I am facing is that I am entering into an entirely new field of work/school. I feel incompetent. I know I was brought on by the board head specifically for my knowledge, but I have fucked up again and again, and the work that I have produced is sloppy and slow to come. I am TERRIFIED that I am a complete disappointment. The email I received today after I accidentally destroyed important data confirms that fear. I’ve only just started, and I do genuinely love the work, but I’m already a failure. My anxiety over destroying my future career and degree has amplified significantly in the two months I’ve been working to the point I’m vomiting most mornings and have relapsed HARD into self-harm. While I’ve never broken a bone from beating myself, I certainly came close today.

I am afraid of what will happen to me as I continue to get deeper into my career. I don’t have time or energy to participate in the activities I love outside of working. The atmosphere is very much get ahead by any means and I don’t feel I have time to meaningfully connect with my peers or coworkers. I have an appointment made with a new psychiatrist and counselor here (I am already on an extremely high dose of SSRIs which have for the most part worked long term after getting dosing right in late high school/early college), and was open with my referring (new) doctor which is a big step for me, but I do not think I will keep myself from lying to my counselor and psychiatrist when I meet with them. I do not want to be hospitalized. I would have to leave work/school. My parents would know. I’m not sure whether they would be devastated or appalled. Probably both.

I can’t even kill myself here but I want to. My student loans from undergraduate will roll over to my parents. And my life insurance policy would be voided if I committed suicide. My parents, who have lovingly paid for everything to provide me with the best future I can have wouldn’t get a single cent. I cannot destroy their lives in an effort to stop mine from hurting.

I miss my friends. I miss my family. I miss not waking up and hating myself. I miss not crying every single morning wishing nobody was around to care or have financial burden from my death so that I could just end it. 

If I can’t die, I just want to find a way to feel ok. I just want help.