I'm still with my girlfriend who cheats on me. Recent events left me feeling suicidal just now. Need advice.This began as a revenge/suicide letter. I removed names and details.

J and I were together for 7 years. I proposed to her and thought that one day we would have been married. Around 2010, J started having misgivings of our relationship. "The spark had gone out." she would tell me. All I ever wanted was for her to be happy, but at the time I could not understand what I had done wrong or how to fix things. Perhaps I had not given her enough attention. Perhaps I was sexually unsatisfactory. I did not know. 

In early 2011, J cheated on me several times with a man named K, who was still together with his own girlfriend. J stayed together with me throughout this and kept it a secret from me. I figured it out several months later but in my weakness I did not break up with J. I foolishly believed that we still loved each other and that we could fix this. 

In 2011, I witnessed J and K have drunken sex in front of me. I left her and I cried for the entire day after. But J called me back and somehow we reconciled. J and I saw each other only sporadically after that. She moved out of the house that we lived in together and I took all my things back home. 

One day J came to my home. She was crying and felt that she could not have a relationship with K, as K was still with his girlfriend. J felt that she was alone and that no one cared for her. I admitted to her that I still cared and I kissed her. From then on. J and I had a sort of secret "friends with benefits" arrangement. She and I would see each other in secret, not telling anyone, and J would still sleep with other men like K.

It was not a beneficial arrangement for me. During gatherings and conventions where  and K were together, I would have to remove myself from the room before they had sex. I myself would not receive as many similar "benefits". I began to see myself as less than a friend to J. She would call me often, even daily, to come to her new home just to hang out and be together. J's parents, who are fully aware and of J's cheating, we're not aware that J and I saw each other during this time and I had to hide from them as well.

I became, in my view, a pillow. Essentially a teddy bear that J could snuggle with in bed and talk to and who could buy her clothes and dinners and presents. Though J would say she loved me and I said that I loved her, I still doubted her. 

Today, one year afterwards, J, K and I were at the same convention for a weekend, and every night for three nights J would call be to vacate the room so they could have sex. I partied with other friends in those morning hours. Just a few hours ago I returned to our room and attempted to have sex with J. I became confused when she said no, because J also is into BDSM and I yelled at her for confusing me. She became mad at me and would not reply back to me as if she didn't owe me an answer. She's asleep next to me right now.

I realize now that I have been used. I should have left J a year ago as soon as she confessed to cheating on me. I was a fool. A foolish hopeless romantic who wanted to cling on to the remains of what was once something called love. I feel low. I want to kill myself because I honestly don't see myself pulling out of this. I feel that I do not ever want to be in any relationship ever again because I don't want to risk being in love and having my heart broken again. I can't see myself being with J again in any way that resembled what we were. I do want to love again, but as I said I can't, and as stupid as it sounds, love has been all that mattered to me. I don't know what to do. I thought about sending this letter to all her friends and throwing myself under a train to die. Some sort of "fuck you" revenge in death.

I don't know what to do.