I want to die but don’t want to kill myself?Idk where to begin. I’m a chick in my early 30s. INTJ. I was sexually abused as a child and bullied a lot growing up. I consider myself pretty smart but rather shy. I have intense social anxiety which causes me to not talk or ramble. No in between. I’ve never really had close friends and don’t fit in.  Everyone thinks i am pretty but fucking weird. Ive been dealing with depression since i was 11. Multiple suicide attempts over the years. Started cutting and when i turned 18 it turned into a tattoo addiction. I have a weird obsession with gore and watching live leak videos. Anyway, people fucking suck. No one is really honest and i always feel people try to keep me in their lives because they want something from me. I really don’t get along with other females as I am pretty blunt and tomboyish and women seem to be turned off by me or intimidated idk. I have gone to over five therapists over the years and they only help temporarily. My husband is a veteran with ptsd and we have gotten into multiple fights and while i feel like he loves me i just constantly remember all the shit he said to me. Sometimes i just think i’m the worst piece of shit in the world. I have been having a hardcore existential crisis since last year and realizing we are all going to die has really fucked with me. What the fuck is the point of all of this? I remember being 13 like it was yesterday. Pretty soon i am going to be middle age and i will lose my parents (the only people who really love me) and my beloved cat. Everyday i wake up i just think “oh great one day less alive.” I am stuck in this loop and i don’t know how to get out of it. I feel like i am going to think like this the rest of my life. I got sterilized 5 years ago and wont be having kids because i would never want to put someone through the pain of existing. I constantly try to better myself and work my ass off, I am thankful i have a good job in tech, and am going back to school to become a programmer. I try to help people and be selfless but i have gotten trampled on and used. I try to take care of my body and eat healthy but i am just delaying the inevitable. I don’t like the human condition we are all subjected to and the terms and conditions preset for our life. I am a great problem solver but it is fucking destroying me that there is no way out of life except death. I dont want to play this sick disgusting game any more from whatever cruel diety put us on this shit spinning rock of a planet. Fuck i hate this shit.  God fucking damn it.