I want to dieI took a gap year before starting University. During that gap year I felt myself die inside, it's a queer sensation to describe, something I've never been able to adequately put into words, but it's like I've somehow become less intelligent, I'm constantly doubting the definitions of words I've known for years, I'm rendered unable to enjoy books I previously loved because of this, I seem unable to process and understand scientific concepts as easily as I used to, my maths isn't as formidable as it used to be. Whatever 'it' was, I lost it. 

I've never been good, socially, that is. Found it awkward to interact with new people, despite this I've developed a good friend group, well, that I would previously have described as good. I thought I was making headway with my roommates, and, the truth is I simply don't know anymore. I feel like a burden on everybody, I'm far too awkward and weird. I feel like everybody hates me, no matter how much they tell me otherwise. I developed a crush on my roommate which she consequently found out about, which we discussed over messenger, an action prompted by one of my other roommates putting something in the group-chat. It was the most soul-eviscerating, un-fulfilling moments of recent memory. I want to talk about it more, as a consequence of what was said I can't bring it up again. She accused me of avoiding her when it feels like that's all she does with me, our friendship, in contrast with everybody else's feels so woefully deficient, so empty, so awkward I want to cry. The worst part, I was the one to make it awkward.  I've told a few people I want to kill myself, I've even written a note, I couldn't think of what to say. It's not my best work. I've told them and I still want to.

Any enjoyment I derive from life is usually on a night out, usually after drinking. A habit which I'm futilely raging against, I can't seem to stop. The next morning I'm greeted by that yawning darkness, that pernicious self-doubt which is systematically killing me from the inside. I don't sleep, I can't eat, I can't enjoy my hobbies anymore I'm an absolute emotional, loathsome, drunken wreck who can't seem to forge meaningful relationships. I'm just tired, not as in I need more sleep, which I do need, but I'm just so very tired, with uni, with everything. Never had a girlfriend, never kissed anyone... I talk and I talk with people and it isn't helping anymore.... I know everybody would be better off without me. My roommates have to put up with me for the rest of this year and are tied to me for the next. My parents, I suppose, would miss me, but I think they'd get over it when they realise how enhanced their lives are without me. I can't think of a reason to stay.