I've lost itI wear a mask. At least I used too... I wore it for years... I'm tired of wearing a mask. 

Yea, I'm gone. Hard to believe, right!? No, not really. Right now you are doing one of two things, either asking what you could have done differently, or be celebrating. 
Honestly, you should be celebrating. "Yay! No more having to pretend to like that guy at work!" I get it, I've seen it, you've said it even if you didn't mean to. 
For those of you asking what you could have done differently, maybe once asking how I was really doing would have been a great start, maybe it wouldn't have helped, I don't
know, remember that mask I talked about earlier, yeah that. 

I loved the work, I begged for it, pleaded for it daily. Work got me through the day with some sort of feeling of accomplishment. I could see most didn't care about that
work, nor did they understand it. I get it, it's fine, "X doing X things" and such. I was never looking for the center of attention or all the praise, although
sometimes it may have seemed that way. I tried to do what I thought was best, sometimes that failed, sometimes it succeeded, in my mind it was never good enough. 

Let me explain why, so that you can stop asking that question. 

I couldn't stop the racing thoughts. Hour over hour, minute after minute, second after second, my mind raced with all sorts of thoughts. Between my past where I struggled
with my size in middle school, to my academic failures in high school, to my failed relationships, to my failure as a leader in this Air Force, it all came and went in 
fleeting moments every day. It wouldn't stop.

Let's be honest, I struggle with my size now but its become a part of me that I can't change so whatever. 

Maybe I'm crazy and looking at everything through a fogged lens. If that was the case then I'm damaged goods and something that can't be repaired. Trust me I've thought
of that too. "Maybe everyone actually likes you and you just can't see it?" Well then what good am I if I cannot even feel the warmth of the people around me? I never
felt warmth, honestly I felt cold almost always, yet I like the cold weather, maybe the cold weather and myself were supposed to be together, bury me in snow please. 

Whatever the end may hold for me, I go into it knowing that those left behind will be sad, angry and confused. I'm sorry. Please don't blame yourself. I lived some great moments in my life, I really did. I remember the ballgames, I remember the trips to the fireworks store, I remember the lunches at the hospital, I remember sitting and
watching you grow up, I remember it all. My mind has been so muddy and confused for so long, my body hurts, and my spirit is broken. I love you. 

I love you. Remember that. Maybe I didn't always show it, maybe I wasn't as appreciative as I should have been, but believe me when I say I was always thankful. 

My time has come, this chapter ends here. May tomorrow bring something new, and yesterday be filled with experiences we may never forget. 