Ending my painI am lost, I have an appointment at mental health clinic next week but i don't know if I will make it. 


I have panic attacks last few months, and last week they became so painful I fainted on the street this morning walking with my girlfriend. She had no idea I have them and I never waned to tell her. We have been together for a short period of time, (few months) but i cant imagine my life without her. She is probably only reason I am typing this right now.


My father has paranoid schizophrenia, we left him when I was 22. I slept on the street and crushed friend's couches occasionally. After a year of that i moved to another country. Left my sister and my mother so I can provide for them and take care of them. I felt good I was focused finally paid more than I ever needed, but i lost everything else. I have no home to come back to, just a solitary that is killing me every day. My job is not hardest one in the world, I work as a sort of a programmer and make good buck but i cant function at work I get panic attacks i feel anxious and i cant concentrate. I stopped eating I don't feel hungry anymore. I felt good when I was providing for my family but now my mother and sister don't need me anymore, I don't have a place in here anymore i am just wasting everyone's time and oxygen. Girlfriend I mentioned earlier is the most beautiful creature in the world but 2 weeks ago i found out she is a drug addict (pills and whatnot). Actually she mentioned it to me casually in a text message. This is where my panic disorder got to a point i scream at night and want to rip my skin off. I don't know where to go from here. I could get fired for using antidepresives and this therapy appointment is probably get canceled. If i confront her about it there are two possibilities and they both end in a scenario where shit just get fucking worse that this and i do something stupid. She tells me to fuck off and to deal with it or she tells me she will stop but we all know it just doesn't work that way and it wont stop. Upon that, my father is creating shitload of legal problems to everyone related to him including me living abroad and having to go to embassy once a month to report and bring lawyer and deal with his shit as well. 


edit: I feel bad, I know it might seem like I am overreacting but i spent my entire life dealing with other peoples problems solving other peoples problems colecting mine and boxing my way through. I cant handle it anymore there is much more to this story, it hurths i tried to talk to few people but every time i did, i lost that person forever. If i dont talk about it i lose people because i dont talk and share things they cant handle and will judge when they hear them.