I went from thinking about it to planning it the other night.I figure that's a sign something has got to give, and soon. I won't do it until my dog passes on, but she's not getting any younger.

I'm 35 and I live with extremely debilitating headaches, as well as pain in my neck and shoulders from a damaged disc. The headaches hit me like a truck in 2003, all at once while I was excercising. This type of headache isn't all that uncommon, but they are supposed to go away. Mine never did. I've seen more neurologists than I can count, and been to several specialized headache clinics. The answers are always the same--it should have gone away, no one knows why it hasn't. The rest of the pain is more recent, and I don't want to go onto opioid painkillers, but I will probably have to.

I was a musician. I can still play my acoustic guitar sometimes, but not my electrics as they are too loud and hurt my head. I can't sing like I used to, because singing with any kind of power behind it is, again, extremely painful. I like to think of myself as a writer, but I usually can't concentrate long enough to get anything substantial done.

I live with my parents and work a shitty job because I can't excel at anything too stressful.

I fear relationships because I know I can't support a family, and I know I am difficult to deal with when I'm in pain. People think I'm a flake because social situations are extremely difficult. I have a couple of friends, but they are miserable in their own right and sometimes I don't even want to talk to them.

Perhaps the one person in the world who understands what I'm really going through is my ex girlfriend, but she has attempted suicide several times and I can't talk to her without getting even more depressed. We thought we could be friends, but it's really not working out.

I'm a drain on my parents. Nobody else will really miss me when I'm gone, and they'll be sad but they know how much pain I'm in. I don't want to be in pain anymore. I don't fear death. I don't think life is going to get any better.

I've been telling myself for over a decade that if things didn't get better I'd just end it. I think I'm finally there. What's the point? Why should I keep slogging through this mess? I got dealt a shit hand. I think it's time to fold.