I have always struggled with worthless. Started taking prozac three weeks ago. Don't want to be me anymore.worthlessness* oops...

Ten years ago when I was 18 I dropped out of college and started drinking and doing drugs with my boyfriend who was an excon. We were very in love even though there was some domestic abuse. when we finally got some amount of stability we decided to start a family and i got pregnant but he soon lost his job and went back to jail. I had to make peace with my parents and beg them to take me in. They helped us get a place when he got out and I worked various jobs while he continued to drink a lot and occasionally be violent with me. A year ago last spring he went to jail again after a particularly violent episode and I moved back in with my parents and had the best year of my life.
My family and I got long fairly well and they helped me with my daughter. I got promoted at the Starbucks to a shift manager and I really enjoyed it. My coworkers were like family to me I was so happy to go to work. But my parents kept telling me I needed to go back to college. Then they said they were going to retire and move to florida and I had to either move with them and start going back to school or  figure out something without them. I couldn't figure out a way to stay and I knew they were right that I should go back to school. That my hours weren't good hours for a mother. I moved with them and they put me in my own apartment across town so they wouldn't have to live with me and my daughter anymore.
I started going to the local state college, but I don't see any future for myself. I have no friends here. I miss my old friends. I miss last year when things were good and I worked full time at a job I loved. 

I hate being me. I'm old and I have no discipline. I just want to sleep. I don't want to do my homework or see my family. I feel like I'm caught in a cycle. My mom used to hide away and avoid me and cry when I was a kid. Leave me to play by myself. Have mood swings.
She's the one who told me to try prozac. But all it does is take the edge off of it... I think. I feel calm but I know I have no future. I will never mature. I will never be a good mom. I will never find friends again even because I'm a complete mess. Everyone should stay away from me. I have nothing to give.