How do you force yourself to go on if you have nothing to live for?Hey, everyone. Frequent lurker, first time poster. I wanted to reach out to you guys because I feel like I'm at my wit's end here, and I've gone pretty much everywhere else I can think of. Years of therapy and medication, countless conversations with family members, multiple calls to suicide prevention hotlines... nothing's really made it better. No one has been able to convince me that life is worth living.

And that's despite the fact that I do have a good deal of stuff going on for me. My family isn't destitute by any means. I go to a good school where I have good friends and get decent grades. My mom says that I'd feel better if I weren't so ungrateful for all the things in my life. Maybe she's right. But it's always seemed to me that the good things are far outweighed by the hopelessness and sadness that I'm dealing with all the time. I don't want any of the good things that I have. I hate myself. I see myself as an indolent, useless, waste of a person. All the goals and ambitions I have in life feel like placeholders - they're not there because I really want them, they're there because I feel like I'm supposed to be doing something. All I really want is to die. I think about killing myself just about every day. I'm so tired of feeling all this self-hatred and despondence. But because there are people in my life that would probably feel sad if I were to die (even though I'm convinced their affection for me is sorely misplaced, and that their lives would be much better if I had never entered them), I don't have it in me to make people grieve.

So what do you do? When the only thing in the world that you want to do is the thing that you can't do? When everything you do feels empty and hollow? And when you feel like you're losing the drive to survive?

I don't know if anyone can say anything that will help. I just feel like suicide is the only solution to my life that makes any sense, and I don't know how to keep myself going anymore.