Feeling guilty about feeling sad and then feeling sad about feeling guilty. Endless bullshit I want it all to stop.I had a dream that I woke up outside of my body and saw myself dead. I "sat" in my room for a long time just watching myself lie there. My roommates knocked on my door a few times and called my phone after the first day. 

Fucking cell phone. Even in my dream all I could do was stare it and see who wondered where I was. A few missed calls from work and one from my brother asking if I wanted to play WoW. Some of the details are lost on me now, but I remember clearly that nobody even opened my door until after the second day. 

Over 48 hours before they found me and, in the dream, they didn't even look surprised or sad. More annoyed. I don't think this is how it would really go down if I go through with it, but its pretty close. My entire family lives in another time zone and I have no friends here. 

The only thing keeping me from doing it is knowing my parents and brother would be shaken. My friends back home would probably be sad but all I can do is picture the virtue signaling facebook posts about how "troubled but a good heart" or whatever else. I will never be able to connect with someone beyond "he was such a funny/nice/great guy" and I don't see the point.

I have no skills, no talent, and no ambition. I wake up. I go to work. I do data entry. I buy dinner. I watch reruns of some show. I go to bed and lie awake until 1am or so. Do it again. The small moments throughout any given day that could make me happy are squashed within 10 mins with my toxic thoughts and filed away for me to further shit on for the train ride home or lying in bed. 

Sorry for the rant. I feel guilty for feeling this way. I feel guilty that my parents have given everything to me and I wish I hadn't been born. I feel guilty that they've wasted just short of 30 years they could've spent doing literally anything else. They don't call anymore because they don't know what to say. I can hear the sadness/anger in their voices. 

Anyways. Just another fat fuckup that should be taken out of the gene pool. I hope others are doing better than me.