I was the enemy that I needed to destroy all along.I am free writing this so prepare for mistakes, rambling, and drop offs.

I’ve been watching sw for some time now. Been using the fucked up shit other people go through to try to make myself feel better. Trying to remind myself that the shit I’ve been through wasn’t as bad as it could have been while laughing at the people complaining about lesser problems, I know I’m a horrible person as it really did work for a time. I have everything I’m supposed to want, I have the things everyone else on here seemed to want. I’m a white male that weighs 190 pounds at 6’2”. I’m in great shape, an above average sized dick, attractive women approach and clearly flirt with me but honestly most of those were probably golddiggers, my last girlfriend was. I own a house, a fully loaded suv, a pickup truck, and a motorcycle. I have the monetary reserves to easily last me a decade without working with several well off family members to leech off of once I run out. Three IQ tests place me in the 98-99th percentile. Straight A student, corrected my professors constantly, even corrected the errors some of them would make in their labs, notes and presentations before they would use them, and basically taught the classes that have far too incompetent professors teaching them. I graduated from a top tier school, Summa Cum Laude in a STEM field late last year. I have a job that is complete autopilot for me and I just got a promotion in it, with another one in the works and I have an interview for an even higher paying job next week. Yet the only rational conclusion I can come up with is to kill myself. 

For years the only thing I desired was revenge, to punish just a little bit of evil in a world filled with it. I was able to forgive number 3 on my list, got the absolution I needed from number 2 (just discovering that he’s a junkie loser now and life is already a never ending hell for him was cathartic enough), but never was able to track down number 1. I poured years of time and effort into finding number 1 but I have already exhausted all possibilities at getting any evidence that would help me identify the person I needed to eliminate; I was stuck thinking that somehow destroying the first monster would fix everything. This was the only remaining fuel I had and I think that my quest for vengeance has consumed everything else in my life. 

I’ve destroyed every relationship I’ve had, every close friendship, there are family members that should be close, brothers and sisters, that are barely acquaintances at this point, I only know the phone numbers for two of my sisters and one of my brothers, some I haven’t even spoken to in the last 5 years. I feel like the most worthless member of my family yet out of 8 children, I am 1 of the 3 to even graduate high school, none of my brothers did, two of my brothers are ex cons, and the one that hasn't been convicted of anything hangs out with the Hells Angels. I have a perfectly clean criminal record, but they are happy with their lives and I’m not. I’ve alienated every girlfriend I ever had, I don't know how to show love, I avoid physical and emotional intimacy. There is a girl at work that is dropping hints as subtle as gunfire (staying long after her shift to talk to me, finding excuses to touch me, complimenting everything from my watch to my intelligence) that she wants me to ask her out, I don't want to even talk to her as I feel like she just might be able to see through my crumbling facade of sanity while also feeling like if I did and she sees through me I might lose the final life boat on this sinking ship.

I know that I was using hate and rage to power me and combat fear, pain, and whatever else got in my way. It was the only thing that ever worked. Now I am out the fear is running wild and my anger is boiling over/set off by everything. I’m not even sure if I normally interact with people anymore, every conversation I have feels like the other people aren't even there. My ability to fake it is dying. I remember a time before I locked onto the hate and I know why I did it, I got really sick, deaths door, church prayer lists, all that stupid shit and I needed something to keep me going, something to live for, hope, friends, love didn’t work, anger and hate did. The flames consumed everything that pissed me off even slightly, anything that caused me pain, sadness or doubt. I thought the hate saved my life, looks like it only delayed the end. The more I fight this outcome the more it seems inevitable.

Every time I read something on here or see a movie or a tv show or read a book or play a video game with even a passing reference to rape, pedophilia and anything remotely related to that I find myself going into a protector mode, maybe it's a destroyer mode, wanting to jump in and tear their attackers, abusers, tormentors limb from limb. I wish I could teleport to someone, anyone that needed to be rescued, because I’m not weak anymore I want to do something good, something pure, something to allow me look in the mirror and tell myself that I did something that mattered to someone, something that no one did for me. 

I took few of those online mental health tests, apparently I have MDD, Social Phobia, PTSD, OCD, General Anxiety Disorder, Panic Disorder, and a avoidant personality disorder. I am broken, I know exactly how I got broken but I don’t know if I can be fixed. The only place I’ve been able to sleep is in a room that was nicknamed by some of my family members as the 'Armory'. Unless I am feet away from my weapons I can’t sleep at all. How much of a coward am I, unless I have the hardware to start a war in reach of me I am unable to sleep?

I know that my sanity is failing me. At night, even in my own house, I am misidentifying shadows as shadowy figures. I'm growing more and more paranoid. I'm probably a self absorbed narcissist, possibly a sociopath given that I listed accomplishments. I can't stay still for long periods,  I must move at all times. Numerous other telltale signs of psychomotor agitation. Even in the one room I feel safe to sleep in I am having vivid and horrid nightmares, ones that have me throwing off the covers, grabbing a weapon and sprinting to the opposite side of the house before I can even begin to differentiate reality from the dream. I have the ammo locked up in a separate location in fear of what I could do.

Hate and rage kept me going for several years, even forced me to maintain an act of normalcy. That source has been exhausted and nullified. I do not know if there is a new medicine that will give me the fuel I need to get going again, I'm just so tired. Every day I hate the fact that I cannot find a way out of this ditch I’ve dug. I crossed the line at least in a mental sense, I’m looking for a way back with every path that I take being a deadend. I’ve tried several anti depressants. They only kicked my depression into a higher gear. Amphetamines let me clear my mind but made me irrationally aggressive, defensive and confrontational. Large amounts of alcohol only made me forget for short periods of time. I’ve abused hardcore painkillers, those barely do anything with this pain. I’ve tried going extreme into religion but that only killed religion for me, I tried politics and political movements that became another, more fanatical religion. I tried being an internet troll, but that only made me feel like an asshole. I tried tutoring people that were struggling for free only to get jaded when some outright demanded I do the class work for them.  I’ve tried the ways everyone suggests, I can be at a party, have people all around me and yet feel completely and hopelessly alone. I changed my diet several times. I cut out caffeine,  I quit smoking. I exercised more, I exercised less. I tried to buy my happiness. I tried volunteering. I changed the music I listen to, the games I play, the movies I watch, my hair style, my facial hair, the clothes I wear. I tried becoming a workaholic which got me the promotion I don't even care about. I’ve tried becoming an adrenaline junkie, I drop the hammer on my motorcycle double, sometimes triple the speed limit, I put my foot to the floor in my trucks, rock climbing and I take needless risks using or doing anything that could harm me. It made me feel a little better but only when I thought about what could happen. The one thing that even some experts recommend to try I have tried, countless attempts, but only failed at, and now it is the one thing I am becoming more and more incapable of even starting, a real relationship with someone who wouldn't be just as happy, if not happier, with only the me on paper. I don't blame them, I bring nothing to the table.

If the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results, then what the fuck does repeatedly doing something different and only having the results stay the same mean?

Maybe this was a last cry for help but I can't help but find the irony fucking hilarious. The one son that everyone thought was the biggest success is going to be the biggest failure of them all.

If you want to know what I have learned. Stuff will not make you happy. A house will not make you feel sheltered. Money will not fix your problems. Drugs, booze, painkillers, orgasms, parties, adrenaline will not let you forget anything. A high IQ and straight A's won't make you feel smart. A job, volunteering, helping people, won't make you feel useful. Muscles won't make you feel strong, abs won't make you feel attractive, a big dick won't make you confident, towering over most people won't make you feel tall, running a 6min mile won't make you feel fast, martial arts won't stop you from feeling vulnerable, and an entire armory won't make you feel safe and secure. For what it is worth I do know that you can buy time with hate, for how long it will last you I can't tell.

TL:DR I only knew hate, I cannot find peace in my heart, I can’t even believe the lies I told everyone, I survived diseases and injuries that should have killed me, I only helped people to try to make myself feel better, I didn't want them dead to make the world safer I wanted them dead to make me feel safe, I have things millions would kill for, yet I can’t recall a time when I’ve been truly happy and can stand to live. I wish I could be dumber and just be like my brothers. They all seem happy in their ignorance while I am too busy thinking myself to death. Even while writing this I notice myself still trying to externalize blame and justify what I wanted to do, I’m the only one to blame, what I wanted is unacceptable in a civilized society, I am the only common factor. The world needs less people like me. The only rational thing left to do is to finish my one true objective of destroying the person directly responsible for all of the problems in my life, me. 