Hello FriendsThis is my first post ever on reddit, I always read around on here but never decided to make an account but here I am. Im currently in high school, 16, 3.9 gpa, have a few good friends, a kind family (mostly) but I have really just having trouble lately. I have suffered from depression since I was in middle school when I lost all my friends because people change i guess and spent three years of my life invested in minecraft. I cried a lot then, felt very lonely and empty, that no one really cared for me, well because frankly at that point I don't think anyone did. But i convinced myself I would be better, that I could find enjoyment in this life. And I did, occasionally but I found enjoyment in things, until now. Now its all just coming back, I don't enjoy things I used to love anymore, I basically hate everyone, I feel extremely empty and that I'm kinda just existing to exist with no geniune purpose. "Well u gotta work and find your purpose, try new things, meet new people, get a girl." See I do, I try different hobbies and sports but nothing seems to fit I just end up quitting, I meet new lovable people that love me, I find a girl I love but its always the same friend-zone typa relationship. I know people care for me I do, but when I look at my close friends I see I'm not really anyones first choice, I just feel like if I wasn't here, they could replace me in a second. I just feel very lost and sad. I really don't think I belong here, I'm just a breach in humanity and I just live this dumbass same shit everyday life just to go off to college and get a job. I really want to see the world, I have about 4 grand of money I have personally made from working, etc. i really just want something new and I'm done sitting here, waiting for something to happen. I wish I could just get on a bus and go but you and I both know that never works. I apologize for the ramble, I geniunely appreciate if you cared enough to read this entire thing. Please assist your fellow weary-traveler.