I think I just need to type this out.Currently: Sitting in my car in a parking lot. It’s been one hour. I should stay here at least one more hour before going home. Because I told my boyfriend I’d be gone a couple hours to let him have the house to himself. We got into a fight yesterday, he didn’t come to bed until 5:30am when he assumed I’d be asleep, and then this morning he stayed upstairs the whole time pretty much just to avoid me. So I left to give him space.

That isn’t a major problem. But it’s hurtful and isolating. I have zero friends. My family lives 2000 miles away but they very rarely reach out to me at all anymore. So it kind of feels like I have no one.

The whole solution to our fight would be me just apologizing and being happy and welcoming to him again. But I can’t do that. Because I have issues I guess. I just want him to come to me. I don’t want him to let me leave. But he did. He didn’t care and he probably prefers that I am gone.

Again, this isn’t a major problem. I think it’s just the cherry on top of everything else. I’ve been thinking about killing myself seriously for about a week now. These thoughts have been with me most of my life. Usually not this serious though. But still its exhausting.

I am a functional person. But only just functional. I can’t do anything more in life than the bare minimum. I simply don’t have the energy. I am really just tired of living in pain and fear every single day.

I have tried to pull myself up by the bootstraps and make my life better. But in the end I just can’t. I’ve tried medication but at best it makes me numb and doesn’t really fix anything. I’ve tried therapy. There are some good things about it but in the end... still solves nothing.

So, this started over thanksgiving. It was with my boyfriends family. I had a bad toothache, so lo and behold his sister-in-law is a nurse and decided to call me in some pain meds. Tbh I would have been happy with ibuprofen. But now I have this big bottle of Tramadol just sitting in a drawer. I never took any of it because I’m kind of anti-medicine and felt like it would just knock me out.

But I can’t quit thinking about just giving up and taking the whole bottle of pills. I researched it and it actually causes a lot of deaths every year from overdoses. I think it could work. It’s a real option.

The only issue is... what if it doesn’t? There’s a chance I could end up in a coma or give myself brain damage or heart damage. I don’t want to fuck my life over even more.

But, I am losing endurance. I have been on this planet for almost 28 years now. And really it just sucks. Life is not fun. It’s not happy or good. It’s so, so difficult. Everyone hurts you. Everyone is selfish, me included. This is not a good place and I think I would prefer nothingness.