Hanging on a threadHi I'm not really sure if this is the right place to ask this but here I go.

Very long post ahead. 
Advanced sorry for the shitty formatting.

So I'm currently with a girl (we havent been together for long) and this is the happiest time of my life so far. I'm dead set on making this work. At the beginning I thought that if this fails, I'll never go for a relationship again but it turned into something worse. 

I'd literally choose her over everything. Every outcome I aim for is literally for our relationship and time together(or so i'd like to think) .

I was a bit depressed and a bit suicidal before we got together. Just a bit. No actual acts involved. Though I was thinking very hard to go to a therapist because I felt I was going down that sad inevitable path.

Now I realized that I became fully dependent to her. There were times we came close to a breakup and my thoughts were only zeroing in to suicide. Like there was never another option but that.

She's nice but sometimes she'd like to mess with me (not very serious) but sometimes because of anxiety and trust issues I'd take it seriously but she still won't stop. (for instance I asked who's this guy then she'd answer in a manner that'd make anyone think there's something between the lines).

Sometimes it leads to an endless cycle of fight that would end up with me apologizing like I'm begging for my life. Because I probably am.

A hint of cheating(although unlikely) from her would also give me attacks of "those" thoughts. And it' d be enough to keep me wide awake until it gets resolved somehow. 

We havent fought for a time now. And I'm desperately fighting to keep it this way and fortunately there hasnt been anything weird hsppening lately but it's inevitable. I just want to make sure that I'll make it through next time. With her fortunately. 

In my current state, I probably wont last 3 weeks without talking to her. I'd be dead by the end of the 2nd week. I'm wish I am joking but I have enough anger and sadness to push myself from a high place when I'm at a really bad place. (almost seriously did it once. Stood on top of a footbridge for almost two and a half hours. The only thing that kept my feet on the ground was the fact that she hadn't broken up with me yet but was very close to doing so) 


 Everything my life is depends on this relationship right now. I have a lot of hobbies but nothing makes anything work in me when we're fighting. Even the things I love the most turns into nothing when we're fighting. I'm paralyzed. 

So basically, I want to be less dependent. For the sake of both of us. Having someone commit suicide because of you is kind of traumatic(at least for me).

If she ever breaks up with me, i want to last a bit longer than two weeks. She may get convinced that she's not the reason or something. I dont know. Im a mess. I dont even have a reason for writing this right now. I just think I should. 

Having to live without her is something I can never do at this point. 

This is the cringiest thing ive ever written but I have no other way of asking for help. 
