This is new to me, but maby I reach someone.I picked a bad day you probably could say. 
Did you ever had the feeling that you never lived life as you wanted it to be deep inside ?
I'm kind of a isolated person, with a couple good friends and some people I meet on irreagular bases, but all of us have their up and downs I guess.

All of the people around me accomplish things, you know, they get married, they move out from their parents, get a girl or a boyfriend, get laid, have a fulfilling job or school education, have the money to sustain a happy lifestyl etc.
They do something with their lifes and don't feel like complete shit 24 hours a day. I'm not a very materialistic guy, it would be enaugh if I just could find a way to end this burning sensation floating inside my body and brain, this awful pain which surrounds almost everything, the core of my being. When I was younger I was pretty fat, I was used to get called ugly, but gladly I lost 60 pounds and have no longer a weight issue, but at this time other people always had to pick on me, no one was interested in me and I couldn't be a normal teenage boy, instead I was angry and locking myself inside of the school toilets eating my lunch, not going to school while hiding in bed... I'm living in this state for years now, found a shitty job and am still the same loner.

I don't know why I feel the need to tell this a stranger on the internet. You don't have to feel sorry for me, really. 
Today I still feel like shit, a faillure. I have no selfworth at all, just this selfhatred. Hell, I even have problems looking into a mirror, damn it. I'm seeing a therapist, but I don't see him often and it all just seems to get worse since three years now. I stopped taking any medication since 1 month, I am much more tired now... My father is dead, my brother dosn't want to have anything to do with me and my mother can't handle me and my sadness around her anymore. I've never got a real relationship in my life and I never expressed myself, who I truly am. I don't want to leave my tiny flat often here in Germany, so I listen to music and drink a lot of beer for several months now, so I get drunk once a week to escape. 

I'm just swimming under a sea of melancholy, dreaming to fade away into nothingness, but being scared somehow holds me  still here. 
I'm only 19 years old and I feel like I'm a 57 years old guy who had seen enaugh of everything. I'm so tired, Im tired of having no one who loves me, tired of being alone, I am tired of being fucking tired. I just wan't that this ends peacefully. I don't see any light, any sign of hope from my perspective, I'm going mental... 
I don't even get why I write this... I don't know what to do anymore... 