I don’t know what i’m supposed to do anymoreI don’t even know where to start, and I don’t want to tell my whole pathetic and boring life so I will try to be concise.
I have depression and suicidal thoughts since 2014, it might seem short but it was my entire teenage life. 
Because I never had the social tools to understand other people, was a little atypical and liked loneliness, I was a bitter, lonely misanthrope who did not took care of himself and was constantly falling in never-ending spirals of self-destruction.
Because of that I lost a lot of opportunities, and the most important person I ever met. I lost her too, and it’s been five years non stop that she’s a reminder that I poison everything I touch and will eventually hurt my loved ones. I miss her so much.
I tried to kill myself a few times, but I never succeeded, most of the time because I was scared (ironically, death is certainly one of the most terrifying thing to me)
One day I realized I needed to change, and I tried, even mostly succeeded, but it is pointless.

I tried everything. Fitness, relooking, being more open, nice, trying to be more proactive, and even starting to actually write on my own (I am a movie/writing nerd, but I always procrastinate so much).
But even if I am a better person now...I just can’t be happy, I can’t. I still have suicidal thoughts everyday, I still hate being alone AND being with people, I still abandon everything very quickly (fitness and writing, mostly), I still miss her so fucking much.  The only things that get me through the day are drugs and my computer.

But tonight, my computer just died.
Everything I had in it, including all my writing and all the photos I still have of her and me, if I can’t save the hard drive, it’s all gone.
And that was the last thing that kept me from ending it, what is the point of still living if I can’t enjoy a single minute of my day ? Everything just sucks, and I’m too scared to kill myself, the only hope I have left is that one day, maybe I will be so high and/or drunk that I will finally have the courage to kill myself.
But for the moment, I’m not, so I just spend my days being miserable, having mental breakdowns, harming myself and pushing away people who care about me.
I think I’m in too deep in this shit, I can’t get out, I just can’t, and I don’t know what to do anymore, I just want to die