I don't live for myselfI have been suicidal since I was 9. Was sexually assaulted at 7, had a somewhat abusive mother, father left when I was 4, severe bullying in school and I was always surrounded by violence. I can imagine this will fuck anyone up. Well, everything since has been an experiment. I could care less if I am rich or poor, I just do things out of sheer curiosity and no disregard for what happens after. I committed lots of cyber crime when I was younger, I am surprised I am not in jail, but I am done with that. This all changed somewhat when I met my gf. When we met, she struggled with depression &amp; suicidal thoughts and I fought HARD to get her on track. She became my new project. I spent hours &amp; hours reading studies on depression &amp; tried to cure her. How ignorant of me to assume I can fix someone. Eventually she got on meds but she changed immediately after. I made a lot of mistakes during our relationship, but she became a different person towards me. All of the sudden, she started lying &amp; her true human nature showed itself. I wish I never tried to help her. She was the most innocent, loving girl in the beginning. My mental health took a bigger dive because of the pandemic, I became a drug addict. Even though I got clean, "my depression" became too much for her. So she left me. I know it's for the best, after all, who dates a person &amp; views them as your personal project. Still, I am very sad that I fought for someone &amp; they wouldn't fight for me. I did truly love her, still do, and probably will never stop. Now all of my old feelings are back. I can't think about programming or reading Marcus Aurelius. I just don't care. I tried only for her and her alone. I want to end my life now. I designed a perfect setup. 3 shotguns aimed right at my head, I even made the motor that will pull the triggers for me. But I probably never will. The only thing that prevents me from doing it is the thought that my little brother or my mother might find me dead &amp; will have to clean up my mess. I don't want to do it to them, so I live. I don't live for myself, I live for my close ones. If they all died, I would be very sad, but I would also be at peace since I would end my life shortly after.