I do not have anything worth living for anymoreI've been beset by a lot of problems/difficulties in my life and there's a part of me that wants to live and there's a part that wants to die. I just want the problems to simply just vanish and never appear again, and my problems have made me lose the will to fight any longer.

Simply put, I have Aspergers. I'm 20 years old, and I think I've just about had it with my life. Yes I've had challenges with my Aspergers condition, yes I have done things that I'm not too proud of, but my parents, teachers and peers alike have subjected me to bitter verbal abuse, humiliation and several uncomfortable situations to make me feel unhappy and upset for who I am. My parents felt I was too difficult to deal with and they continued to literally disown me and subject me to harsh treatment.

Even as I joined a fraternity to escape the harsh treatment, my fraternity brothers have continued to do things to screw me over rather than accept the way I am. They took issue with me not opening up as much and forced me into drinking and coming to their parties, and when I asked them for help with a date to our formal, one of my brothers spread a rumor that I wanted to ask her out.

Everybody and everything wants to be against me so better I do die than to move on with my life. Nobody will understand me, nobody will take me seriously, nobody believes my Asperger's so why bother fighting when every resource that I have used has been exhausted?

I don't want to forgive and I don't want my offenders to rest in peace. This is a terrible world after all; all I have is three options: Suicide, Cope Up, or live with it. Maybe suicide is a better option for me since I'm done with everything.

Maybe life isn't worth it anymore, since I don't have anything to live for. I'm too weak to move on, I'm bleeding with the amount of bullet holes riddled in me because of what people have done to me. I even called the suicide hotline 20-25 times because of my problems, and counseling didn't even help at all.

God did this to me. I just wish he fucking killed me already if he hates me that much that he has to always introduce this shit to me. I just want the pain to go away and never come back again. 