So here I am againHi guys,

I've been here before, and you helped me with a very difficult time. Thank you for that.

I don't know what to say, so I'll just vent a bit.

I was in a psych unit for a months, and I left feeling a lot better, but now that I'm out I feel like I can't guarentee my own safety.

I thought last night about dying, what it would be like, and I got very upset about it. And today, in a complete turnaround, I feel that nothingness would be a lot better than living with this horrible fucking life.

I've been unwell for a long time. I've attempted suicide 4 times, and I remember the other night that I even took an overdose of paracetomol when I was 12.

Its impossible for me to think of a future. I could say I'm stuck in a rut, but that would be underestimating the volume of the intense feelings I have.

I don't think I'll ever get better. Because mental illness is such an insular disease, I feel that its my fault that I can't get better. It adds to the hatred I feel about myself.

When I was younger, I was slagged by my so called friends a lot. It was hell, but I always had to pretend to take it in my stride, while secretly hating every day. I always prayed for rain, so I wouldn't have to go out .I had to pretend I was dumb, to just fit in with them, and now that I can be myself, I feel like a fraud. But now I feel I have a good support group that I can talk things through with. I thought it would help, but it hasn't.

And yet, the feelings are more intense.

I'm taking 6 different types of meds, and noticed only a marginal improvement.

I feel like I need a really good cry, but I can't cry. No matter how bad I feel, the tears won't come. I'm a 27 year old man, and I still live at home. My mother and brother are fantastic, but I feel like such a burden.

I take on other people's feelings more than my own, and help them through their own suicidal feelings. Deep down inside, I feel that my issues are beyond healing.

I'm terrified of dying, but at the same time, I'm terrified of living. I can't deal with these awful thoughts.

My psychiatrist keeps suggesting to do mindfulness or relaxation and even a positivity diary. I had to write three a day, and after a month, I've managed 5 things. Meeting a couple of friends I'd like to keep in touch with etc, but I even feel awful about that - like they don't want to be my friends.

I'm so tired of feeling miserable. I'm so tired of feeling disconnected. Essentially, I'm so tired of being alive.

If I died, it would kill my family, I know that. I know making plans to die is such a selfish thing to do. But that's what I want to do. I never want to feel like this again, and with suicide I'll never have to. Being nothingness is so much more preferable to continuing on with this meaningless life. I do need help, but I don't think any help will actually help me.