Suicide Note, either for the present or future me. 1/20/18.Therapy. Medication. All futile thus far.

I have mental illnesses other than major depressive disorder.

Anything that reminds me of humanity triggers another episode. So, I take pleasure in others' torment, depending. I think I have have these thoughts in part due to already low-empathy and envy.

I also feel less 'other' when I find someone with similar struggles. I hope they are like me, so that we can talk and understand each other. When I realize they are not, and are just slightly weird or awkward in some way, something... dies inside me again. 

When I tried to reach out to what little so-called support system I had at the time, I was dismissed on the basis of being too young to have that much going on. 

I was branded a liar, because when you see me, I wear a stoic mask, because when you see my family, you think my father a good man and I, a whiney child with higher articulation and intrapersonal intelligence than most. An amusing thing. This is all I have ever been to people: 

"Interesting... Smart... But a boring and eccentric robot."

Since then, I suppress everything. I turned 19[F] yesterday. 

I strongly relate to the macabre and detached or shallow affect. Intimacy either annoys or amuses me, though I secretly crave it in spurts. I strongly relate to those who had traumatic upbringings and continue to struggle, despite their efforts at recovery.

I have been hallucinating. I cannot cry lately. Numb and paranoid, with a sense of abject terror. Release is denied. I am not a robot. I never was.

Almost always bored, if not for my imagination to keep me busy.

I am nearly completely socially isolated now. I 'ghosted' someone yesterday, despite claiming that we would meet for the first time. I did not care enough to actually meet. The thought of doing so irritated me. I would rather be alone, in spite of the loneliness, in spite of the danger. 

My mental health has been deteriorating. I recognized this on the day of my birthday, which no one remembered.

I almost forgot.

I personally never celebrate.

What is the point, if you have no connections and dislike partying due to sheer sensory overload and alienation?

I have been contending with suicidal ideation my entire life. However, I would rather not die. I have personal projects to complete. The idea's only entertaining. Cathartic. It also has comedic value. Yet no matter how much I laugh, I know life is meaningless without interpersonal skills, or the ability to bond and experience social gratification. 

When will it end? I have so many hobbies. So many distractions. I workout. I eat healthy. Now what? When will it end?

Studies show that the brain is fully developed by 25. By then, if I am still not well, I am done, assuming I have the patience. No one would miss me. No one will miss me. My family is comprised of enablers and narcissists. I have no friends. No living thing I hold dear.