i shouldn't be so sad lmaoi'm gonna try and not make this sound so depressing, because as depressing of a sad sack of shit i am, i really don't like bringing others down with me, even if it's just a bunch of strangers on the internet (doubt not much would read but-) so like 🤪🤙

anyways hi, i'm fucking depressed. not sure why, really? if you'd ask me why when i was in secondary school, the first half of my polytechnic life or before all that, i'd probably have a reason. but now? everything's fine and dandy. my family doesn't get on my nerves as much, i actually have a few group of friends i can talk to, i even have a boyfriend that i love more than life itself. (funnily enough, with my history of family divorce and an extremely toxic relationship that i'd learnt my lesson to not date and just die alone, but go ahead buddy 🤪) my first anniversary with my boyfriend's next month. why am i still so sad?

everyone else has their reasons that made sense. but me? it's not like i'm living a perfect life or anything, but i'm fine. i should be fine. but i'm not and i can't understand why.

haha sorry didn't mean to sound too depressing aNYWAYS i'm super tired, ya know? mind's already racing for years now but with the whole circuit breaker thingy (our version of quarantine) i feel like i'm falling back onto old thoughts, and it sucks a lot frfr 😔 and like, despite all this, i still want to kill myself. don't know why, but it do be like that i guess? 

i keep imagining my own death scene, i wouldn't go into deets apart from "it helps to imagine my boyfriend leading me into the water" or shit like that but yeah, it's the same scene on repeat over, and over again. like some song on loop. it's sooo annoying and so painful i just wanna tear my hair out. i want to break up with my boyfriend and shatter all my friendships just so i can, you know, do it. but what? i really love them. i don't get it. the only thing keeping me alive is the nice thought of my boyfriend and religion being so fucking scary. really sucks, when you think about it. and idk, the action itself seems scary, what a dumbass i am 😔🤙

i just want circuit breaker to be over. wait no; i want my mind to be over. i'm turning 20 now and graduating online, not even having the energy to go type "storyboard artist job" on google. i guess i'll wait till 30 till i drown myself lmao nice

TLDR; i wanna die but i'm too much of a coward to :///