It seems like all I can think about anymore, but I don't really have a good reason.Hey, Reddit.  I'm an 18 year old female with not a lot of reasons to live anymore, but also not many to die.  I have a couple best friends, a loving family, and a (seemingly) promising future. I'm a freshman at an alright college and I'm doing okay so far.  I know this is really stupid and it may seem like I have a lot of reasons to live, but dying is pretty much all I think about anymore. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder about a year ago and am on medication and am irregularly seeing a therapist (it's hard with college). The meds seem to help sometimes, but I have periods of depression and mania still. 

I think I want to do it mainly because I'm just tired. Really freaking tired of all the ups and downs in my life. Everything, no matter how small, is a big deal inside my head. I have social anxiety and have trouble talking to anyone except my one best friend. I would talk to her about this but she gets really scared and I don't wanna put her through this again (I've almost done it a couple times).  

You might say that her being scared that I'll do it is a good enough reason not to, but she has a boyfriend that she's been dating for almost 4 years and I know she loves him more than she loves me, and he would never leave her, so I think they could get through it together. Their lives would be much easier without me. It might be hard on my parents but they have my perfect brother and each other and I'm sure it would be fine.  I have no friends at college who care enough to be affected.

I recently posted on the amIugly subreddit and some people said I have a really nice smile. That's pretty much the only reason I'm finding to not do it right now. Is that even a good enough reason?  My answer is no. 

So, I guess I'm pretty much asking if anyone has any reasons for me to not do it. I know that doing it would be selfish but frankly I think my friends and family pressuring me to stay alive when all I want to do is die is pretty selfish of them.

Thanks for anything you might have to say. I'll appreciate it.