I Need help. My life has gone to shit. Please.So...this is probably gonna get a bit Long, but please try to read it, I don't know anywhere else to find help.  
First of all, I'm not a native Speaker, so there could be some language mistakes etc.

I don't even really know how to start this...I'll try not to ramble too much, but I'm bad at describing what exactly my Problems are.

I'm 16 years old and have been diagnosed with 'severe periodical Depression' (I do think it was chronical or clinical Depression, but that's what they wrote down) About one and a half years ago. My therapist at the time thought it would be best to get me into a clinic, because I was dangerously suicidal and had made several attempts to end my life, having almost daily thoughts of suicide.

During my time in the clinic, life seemed to get better. There, I was diagnosed with severe social anxiety. I stayed at the clinic for About 3 months, a short time really, but I felt strong enough to get my shit together.

I was so wrong About that. I was with my therapist for another month, but I never felt comfortable and just wanted to get out. I visited several Group therapies and other therapists for one-on-one therapy, but it all felt awful, I dreaded each Appointment and tried to get around it. And during that time, it still seemed like I didn't Need any more therapy, like I was Ready to get my life back on track. So I stopped going to any therapy and tried helping myself. Life seemed bearable for the next couple of months, and than it all went to shit again.

I have a lot of Problems, and I'm really sure, that I have a lot of undiagnosed mental issues. I never really talked to any of my therapists About \*all\* of the shit I was really having, because I never felt comfortable.

And until now, life has been getting worse and worse. There are many Things contributing to my poor state. Constant fights between and with my Family, I'm failing School, the suicidal thoughts are back, but at the same time, I'm having existential Crisis and mental breakdowns. I have Nothing else than hatred for myself, how I look, how I behave, what I think, how I treat others, etc...(I won't explain all These Things, it would take Hours to write it all down).

I really can't go on like this, everythings falling apart and I just wanna end it all, even though the thought of death, an afterlife or whatever Comes after, if there is anything, scares me to death (haha wordplay.).

I know nothings gonna get better. I've tried so many Things to get my life back together, I've tried therapy, Group therapy, clinics and all Kinds of stuff (except for medication, which they won't give me, because I'm most likely to kill myself with pills). I really don't know, where I can get any help.

So that's what I'm asking for. Is there any way I can get help? I really want to find a therapist so I can tell somebody all of my Problems, because I have no one with whom I can talk. I Need someone to help me, or I'm not gonna be able to get though These days. 

Please, if you know anything, please help me. I'm just so done, I just want it all to stop, my life, These awful, awful days, but I can't do that, I don't have the guts to end it, not yet. But If I'm not getting out of this hole now, I know I'm gonna become desperate enough for Peace to end it all.