Lonely, Feel Useless, What's the Point?Not sure where to start here. I found today that I've been weighing the options in my head: kill myself or try to get help. Both seem feasible to me. But part of me thinks if I get help, it isn't going make me fit in anywhere or suddenly make people like more for more than a few months. I can't see how it can change my life that significantly.

I'm living in a city that I adore. I moved to this country five years ago and have been in the city for nearly a year of it. However, it feels this city is the only thing I have. I have no family here, people never stay friends with me for more than a year at best. I don't know if they just can't take my odd moods (when I let my guard down about depression and anxiety) or what it is.

I'm a girl and I'm gay but I've not had a proper relationship. I dated a girl for about 2 months two years ago but she broke it off, which was really probably for the best as it never would have worked. I've fallen for a couple of girls since then, but after initially liking me, they decide they don't. 

My one closest (I use the term loosely) friend that I have now is one such girl. This time last year I was staying at her place instead of travelling for work and was incredibly happy. We had been on several what I had considered dates and things were going great. Now I'm not quite sure if she even wants to be friends with me. I could tell she was becoming more distant earlier this year. In March I told her how I felt about her and I got the 'you're an amazing person; but'. I'm sick of people who don't give a shit about me telling me I'm amazing and then disappearing out of my life.

I don't hear from my family much, what family I do have. I used to speak to my dad on Skype on the time. However his life has changed with a new partner a few years ago and months can go by without us speaking.

The only place I feel needed is at work. It's also where I do most of my socialising which I know isn't a good thing. I like the people I work with most of the time, even if I don't always enjoy work itself. Outside of work, I feel my existence is pointless. I'm not an important or necessary part of anybody else's life.

When I think about dying, I think the only people who would eventually notice would be work. I think about that every once in a while and it just makes me so sad.

I'm overweight. Not incredibly, but enough that I'm not comfortable and that my doctor has told me I should lose weight. I've tried dieting but it made me hungry. I tried going to the gym but I got bored with it. I'm thinking of trying Couch to 5K, but dunno if I can be arsed. Junk food is my vice. I don't drink or smoke or do drugs. Instead I'll have junk food. 

It seems just so much simpler to just end it. Though I'm not sure how to go about it. I stand on a rail platform and I want to either jump on the rails to be electrocuted or in front of the train as it pulls in. I think of jumping out infront of traffic. I think of drowning in the river. I haven't tried do actually do anything since I was a teenager when I tried to choke myself several times in the span of a couple of years. I would feel terrified afterwards.

Thought about maybe trying CBT as I've read it can help with depression and anxiety. I can get really anxious and nervous in social situations to the point where I have to leave so I can cry / hyperventilate outside. I was at an event tonight that I thought I'd enjoy but I didn't. I was very aware I was the only person there on my own and that made me very uncomfortable. In some situations I'm fine with being on my own. Otherwise I'd never go anywhere or do anything. But that's usually at things where everyone else is mostly on their own as well, and we're not really expected to socialise (gigs, walks, lectures, stuff like that).

Been on anti-depressants for a couple of years now. I had my dosage halved a few months ago as I thought I was feeling better, but I'm thinking I'll need to revers that if I continue on.

I just want to find some peace, and not hurt anymore.

Apologies if this isn't very cohesive. Just a lot of thoughts in my head I had to share somehow to someone.