Blank, don't really know what to sayI feel this isn't really a good place for this, I just don't really know any other subreddits similar to this. Related didn't help, and this doesn't seem like a place to really bash a post requesting help or guidance.


That being said, it's not like the main theme of this subreddit is foreign to me.


Supportive family, friends, fit, 21/M, parents divorced but that really is a non issue.


I don't feel depressed, I just don't really feel anything.


My regular day is wake up, lift (depending on my specified days), eat, computer (videogames or otherwise), shower, clean, pretty regular.


Anyway, here:


Graduated HS, tried 3 different colleges fucked em all up, through alcohol and general just not giving a fuck. Tried EMS, was basically a test and a gimme away from passing it all, havent gone back. Easy job doing nothing but still making good money with a family business, haven't made the necessary calls/e-mails to do it. Held down a job for a year or so, quit.


The main thing is, every time I think about anything life threatening, or anything along those lines, I get embarrassed. I have had such a simple easy everything for me life, yet I just feel like nothing. So I feel stuck.


Not shitty enough to say fuck it and end it, not caring enough to do anything about it, so here I am, sitting in this pathetic pity party of shit, even feeling stupid writing this. Why am I even doing this?


Everyone in my family is moving on, same with my friends, but for some reason I just wont. I know what I have to do, yet day in and day out, I sit here watching dumbass TV shows, talking with those same people, shooting the shit and having a good time.


I'm having hesitations on even submitting this in case there's an incoming bash saying I have it so easy yet are so stupid to do anything with it. And it's probably true.


Just glancing over the regular SW posts, my post doesn't seem to fit, and I'm almost ashamed to post this here... since all of the people posting before me seem to need more help than me. But I don't really know where else to go, I'm not much of a subreddit browser, I just have heard of this one.


I just feel like I have no motivation.. to really do anything.


If this is not even in a correct place, or it seems offensive, or however you deem it incorrect... you can delete it. I know I don't need as much help, was just hoping for some insight that my endless nights seemingly can't accomplish.


Well.. thanks, I guess. I know this is not an ordinary post.


edit: Sorry, this is my first real post to anything, don't really get the whole spacing thing. (walloftext)