The pain itself is enough to make me gag and thoughts of suicide is now apparent, I need help.So recently I’ve just been really, really down over some things.

For some background let me explain: I’m a gay teen living in a predominantly conservative town in MO. I just recently had a break with my bf over some issues and we both need time to figure ourselves out and I miss him very much as he wants to come to me and talk to me on his terms when he’s ready and this doesn’t help me at all but it’s besides the point but still very much important as it’s *us that had kept me going and happy and knowing there’d be someone there for me. 

Up until 2 years ago I stayed with my Padre (father) and he went to prison recently as of then. I don’t have a mother or moral family support and I moved in with my brother and some roommates. I feel hopeless as they are extremely homophobic and constantly tell me things like “you’re just being selfish always prioritising your needs over others.” No matter the argument even if it’s about weather or not I can have FOOD or any other necessity as I don’t even always have clothes to wear as I have maybe a couple pants and shirts I switch back and forth on. We’re very poor and struggle to make ends meet and when I sometimes complain that we have nothing like when I haven’t ate in 2 days and I get told “tough” shit because they’re also struggling to eat food themselves. We get into arguments constantly from when I’m just trying to have a simple conversation with them I get told to just stop talking because they don’t care and they’ll carry on another conversation and topic and if I even so choose to get frustrated I get told to stay downstairs and hear them out while they berate me saying that they hate how much I complain and they’ll be better about it. It never happens nor do I ever get anything close to an apology afterwards. 

This has been going on for about 6 months and we even had to kick a roommate out because he “An adult” abused me by trying to fight with me and ended up choking me and hitting me quite a bit. I just feel so numb and emotionless sometimes that I can never do anything right and that most just dislike me and sometimes feel as if I were to just disappear things would go accordingly and they’d be better off just without me since they’ve made it clear I’m very much a burden. I know it’s hard for them I truly do. But when I have no one to talk to because I’m at risk for being kicked out because of my sexuality it only enhances the tension of the situation nor can I even talk about suicidal temptations and thoughts as they just simply believe it’s “teenage stuff” and if I even say that they don’t care I get threatened to be hit or worse because of how selfish I’m being apparently. 

I feel the need to live because of the relationship I had prior and right now sometimes when I wake up I cannot even find a reason to. I’ve cut quite a few times which I’m not proud to say and makes me feel even worse that I’ve fallen from so much happiness and I feel it’s all pain and cannot even see my future as it all runs blank like I can’t even see myself being alive. On top of all this I can’t seen medical treatment with all this corona virus talk and the fact I don’t have insurance as my brother sees it as “unneeded” because I rarely get sick so I can’t afford therapy or anti depressants or any medical needs even the non suicidal ones. I desperately need help and was just hoping to vent for you guys. I appreciate this sub reddit a lot as I’ve seen many stories and helpful people on here that i decided I wanted to share and maybe get some advice on a way to seek help, thanks for listening.