Not suicidal just wana talk about it.I'm not suicidal I just wana talk about the pros about being alive?? Like legit what is sooo great about being alive??? If it wasn't for my beliefs that u have to die somewhat a natural death in order to move on to the next stage i woulda killed myself a long time ago but my beliefs that suicide won't allow u to move on keeps me from doing it, but I've explore toooooooo much kinda overkill where I dont find any purpose or excitinment in life anymore... i am to damage for a serious relationship like I have no problem finding a partner but I'm to damage to keep anyone around. I cant and don't want to have a family its never been something I am even remotely interested in again maybe I'm just rambling on but im just to damage to even care anymore... like i don't wana work have a career pay bills do the 9-5 bull shit do the house with the white picket fence like what ppl are programmed to believe is the perfect life. I dont want it and since i don't want ur average American dream life where u have a good job a good career a good house a good wife n kids n have no interest in socializing or loving or caring then.................... someone please help me find a good reason for living?? Only thing that is keeping me from just throwing it away is the disappointment ill bring to my only family my brother n mother its just us 3 so them loosing me would be devastating since I'm a big help around the house... but even then I don't feel thats important enough I don't want the responsibility of someone depending on me I feel trapped n I want to escape but have no where to go no where to run no one to turn to no one that really cares n when I find someone that really does care I just trash them i use them and abuse them i am an extremely toxic person, i lie and I cheat i am womanizer I am scum, im the worst I come on as a nice guy, hard working, polite, responsible, charming, respectful,  caring, loving but deep down im a monster im filth n I know it, n I love it, n im addicted to it, but I hate how I can't be human again, how I'm not innocent anymore how much I'm tainted how I give no fucks about anything I am amazed on how far I've come but I regret everything. I just want forgiveness, acceptance, guidance and love... thats all... i know im horrible I know i am... but i wana be human again... i wana be human again... i know there's no turning back from where I'm at... i hate taking prisoners n I hate hurting other i hate destroying life's i hate it but it seems thats the only i know how to socialize n get along with others.. by using them n destroying them i am whats wrong with society I am whats wrong at the core of our culture i carry all this guilt all this blame I can bare it all.. im just tired n burnt out... i want to rest from it all i don't want the responsibility anymore... i don't think i can until I find a real reason to keep moving foward..... im just done tired n burnt out... someone please talk to me..... please