Just another rant by a passively suicidal virgin who no longer has an interest in getting laid or helpI just want to rant and that's all. Help or don't, idc. I've already cut out most of the mental health professionals who made up my support group and have decided that I don't care if I die, I just want to waste away in front of a computer for however long I last.

I'm 19 and male, a virgin.

I have schizoaffective disorder, a psychotic and mood disorder. I was diagnosed in 2017, I've been on a slew of anti psychotics and antidepressants. I think my illness, my absolutely abysmal compliance to taking meds regularly and the fact that I've taken so many meds all play a role in where I'm currently at, and I can't for the life of me tell you to what extent what caused what.

My mood is so low it basically doesn't exist anymore, literally. I've been so flattened by severe depression for so long now that depressed is basically normal to me, and I don't even feel depressed at all 95% of the time because of the fact that crappy has been the baseline for over two years. Instead of depressed, now it's just "neutral", and has been for years. Just no mood whatsoever, but everything feels like crap all the time if I pay attention.

My memory doesn't exist. It's literally just a whole bunch of nothing. Basically all of my memories and ability to form new memories are mashed into some kind of infinite, shapeless blur with no discernible landmarks in time to remember anything by. It's like I'm constantly phasing in and out of an almost infinite number of different states of consciousness and I can only remember memories I made during the exact same state, meaning I basically don't remember anything because I'm never in the same state for more than a few minutes. I basically only exist in the very present, and have for I honest to god don't know how long. I haven't been able to remember what I did the previous day, at all, without serious effort, let alone any day before that. Only few days here and there stand out occasionally. I'm literally going back and writing this sentence as I'm revising this post and can't remember exactly writing most of what I just said 5 minutes after the fact. I can't even describe it. I've forgotten several times over the course of writing this what I'm even doing or why.

I'm passively suicidal. I don't have anything to live for at all, I enjoy almost nothing at all, I have no relationships with anyone that I value and I basically only exist online at this point. If I were to get hit by a car or die randomly for whatever reason, I honestly wouldn't mind at all (so long as the death isn't too physically painful of course, physical pain is one of the last things I still feel cliched as it might sound.)

The only things that keep me from killing myself right now are video games and Reddit, both of which I don't actually "enjoy" in the same way most people would (my dopamine receptors have been annihilated by these anti psychotic medications that basically work by restricting the flow of dopamine in your brain) but it's still mentally stimulating I guess. That, and also the "what if there's a hell" thought that occasionally comes up, which I usually manage to convince myself I don't care about at all and if there's a hell I'm probably going there no matter if I kill myself or not for a bunch of reasons.

I have no appetite - I'm almost skeletal. And not because I'm anorexic and don't want to get fat or anything, but because since getting off my latest med, not only have I been able to go sometimes 16 hours without even feeling hungry or having the thought of food cross my mind, but also when I do decide to eat all food looks and tastes fucking disgusting to me and I can barely nibble a bite or two before getting distracted and forgetting I was even eating in the first place. Food disgusts me, and I barely even think about anymore.

Meanwhile, before getting off my latest med, it was basically the opposite - the one I was one basically drastically increases your appetite while slowing your metabolism, so you get fat. I gained 50 pounds in a few months and it took me months of not eating at all to get back to the skeleton I was before.

I probably haven't walked more than 5 miles total over the last 6 months, it even that. I get winded getting up the stairs, every time, the skeleton that I am.

I have no life, I have no job, no school, no functioning brain really, no functioning lifestyle, no friends, no girlfriend, no hobbies or life, no aspirations, no desire to even aspire to anything.

Also I may be an incel (mentalcel would technically describe me) but I can't stand the incel and far right communities online and if you're actually still trying to get laid (unlike me) *stay the fuck out of those online circles,* your chances of actually attracting another human being sexually or romantically approach 0% the more time you spend there.

TL;DR you're reading the writings of an actual living ghoul, and I don't care how much worse things get for me mentally if I keep wasting away in this basement. Death, while not something I seek currently, would be something I'd welcome. This is a rant, not a cry for help. No one in my life who wants to still wants to help even gets a chance to catch me awake, or meet with me outside the house, and I have engineered this. I just want to fully write down what exactly the absolute state of me has become as best I can, just for myself really, but also anyone else who for some reason cares what yet another suicidal person's situation is.