I didn't die last night.I attempted suicide last night but it was not successful.

My Dad died January 3rd this year, and it will be my first Christmas without him. I was 17 at the time, now 18. Since his death I've learned how to drive, attended prom, graduated high school and enrolled in college. All of those experiences came with stress and pain and a loneliness that I can't explain.

My dad never got to see my get my driver's lisence. Never got to see me off to prom and take those cringy pictures where the father is staring down my date. I walked across the stage and took my diploma knowing he wasn't waiting for my in the audience. Ill never get to tell him I made it into college, despite all the times he was scared we couldn't afford the senior fees to even make it out of high school.

Last night I was not ok, I was depressed and lonely and trying to think about a future to try and cheer myself up but in every future I only saw myself alone. My friends grew distant, I'm pretty sure my boyfriend is tired of my constant depressing demeanor. Ive stopped coming to him or anyone else for the matter because I'm told that I'm making THEM stressed and depressed and down and just not happy. So I stopped.

In short, I overdosed last night and I was ready to go. I cleaned my room and wrote a will and everything. And I just went for it. My mother found me and I was taken to the hospital shortly after.

I was afraid, I was loopy and a little out of it, either from crying or blood loss. Let me tell you that having blood drawn while severly underweight is not a fun experience. Hard breathing, sweating, weakness and passing out was embarrassing to say the least. I'm sure I looked like a dead fish.

I was sobbing and terrified, not because I was almost dying, but because I heard them talking about sending me to a institute, which I wanted nothing to do with. I just wanted to go home and sleep.

I don't want to go into detail about how I psychically felt, but the stomach pain and headache made me want to just lay down and rot.

Aside from my mother, only two people knew I was there. A friend, who volenteered to tell my boyfriend where I was and why because I was scared of how he would react and what he would do, and my boyfriend, who said that he needed a break. I was bleeding and sobbing and needed someone and he said that he felt neglected and empty and that he needed a break from me because of it. I was too much, I know. I don't blame him. But I feel so betrayed. I needed him and I felt like he just told me to fuck off. I don't blame him, he's sad too. So I hope he feels better.

The friend, who was also the boyfriend's best friend, came up to the emergency room. He didn't tell me he was coming, just kinda showed up. I was in the middle of sobbing when he walked up so I know I looked like a complete fucking mess, but I felt a little less alone. He half hugged me while I cried and we talked about Overwatch and food and I told him how I missed my boyfriend and wished he was here but I know better.

He had work in the morning, I was taken in about 11-12 at night, and he stayed with me and my mom until he had to leave for work, which was about 5AM or so. I asked him multiple times if he wanted to leave and get sleep but he said he was fine. I am grateful he came. I felt less alone.

Since this was the second time I was taken because of a suicide attempt, the nurses approuched me and strongly encouraged me to seek help at an institute. I know they push because if anything happens to myself when I'm discharged, they can be held liable, but I didn't plan on going back anytime soon. As soon as I'm given the green light, I'm leaving.

Unfortunatly, in the state of Alabama, 18 is still considered a minor, 19 being the adult age. So I really didn't have a choice since the decision fell to my mother. I convinced her the best I could, and even though she was really hesitate, she agreed. The doctor mentioned bypassing her decision and taking me anyway, but after a few promises he agreed as well, as long as I promised to see the psychiatrist they set me up with.

I'm laying in bed now. I'm tired, kinda crying and hungry but alive. I'm fine, eating and what not. The boyfriend hasn't checked on me, but my friend has. I'm not allowed to lock my door but its fine. 

I know people are going to say that "my dad wouldnt have wanted this" or "he's with you always in spirit" and what not but that's not true. He's not here and I'm stressing people out by being here. I'm very tired of missing people and a future I know I will never have.

I probably should have made a throwaway account but I doubt anyone I know irl will see this anyway, I'm too lazy to make one and I don't think there's anything too personal on this one anyhow.

Thanks for letting me type this out.