Struggling at times more than I do at others. Some days I’m up, some days I’m down. Sometimes I feel completely alone, others I feel like everyone’s behind me.So I’m not really sure how I go about posting here.. but I’ll give it my best shot. For the last few months I’ve been dealing with some personal issues, I wouldn’t say I’m anywhere near the most troubled individual out there, but what I go through at times does make me feel incredibly low and worthless. 

A few months back, my girlfriend broke up with me. It tore me apart way, way more than I could ever have imagined. Everything seemed like it was perfect, we were honestly in what looked and felt like the best time we’d ever had together. We were only together just short of two years but she was more or less the biggest part of me. I didn’t realise that at the time. 

When we broke up, I went through a pretty rough time. The lowest I’ve ever been. I didn’t eat for a week and a half, lost a lot of weight that I’m still yet to gain back, taking light painkillers but in quite large doses, constantly crying and going through points of feeling over it before quickly dropping down to feeling my lowest again, at one point i was drinking alone in my room myself, not much but strong liquor. Eventually I told my best friend that I think I may have or I may eventually develop depression as I felt that badly about myself. I had so many questions that I never got answered, I gave her my everything and honestly it feels like she never gave me anything back in return..

Alongside that, I’m in a job that I hate.. it’s still the first job I got. I’ve been there almost 2 and a half years, and I’m looking to leave the place. It’s a place that’s always too busy for the amount of staff they have, they demand ridiculous amounts from the workers (long hours, less than ideal working conditions, bad management, etc..). More often than not I’m in there, hating every minute and getting home later than I should be because they can’t deal with the amount of work that they’re given, but expect us to stay sometimes an hour and half/two hours after our finishing Time. 

At home things can be difficult. My mom does everything she can for myself, my brothers and my dad, but it’s a lot to put on her. She’s still young (early 40s) but she’s honestly my saving grace. A genuine angel on earth. My brother and dad constantly argue, I try to stay out of it but sometimes it’s too much and I try to stop it, only to find myself defending one over the other and getting brought down to the point I have to leave the house at night to go on walks to clear my head and not be seen crying. 

Then there’s my friends. Truth be told I’ve got the best friends any guy my age could ever ask for. I honestly believe they are the best group of guys, they helped me through the struggles with my girlfriend, were there for me in a minutes notice, always listened and never judged me. Though as times went on, I go through spells where I feel like I’ve just completely lost them and barely get to see them or speak to them, which at times is all in my head but at others I feel it’s because of what I’m going through I just never feel that apart of the group anymore. 

My appearance is actually something that’s bothered me for a while now to.. I used to be a really confident guy in high school (but I strongly believe my peak years was only actually one year..) I was funny, never awkward, always happy, thought I was good looking, took care of myself.. now I feel less and less of what I used to be. My hairs falling out and greying, I think my face looks fat even though I’m told I’m looking too thin, I’m shy, I avoid pictures when I’m out with my friends and family because I hate the way I look, and now I’m to the point where I don’t think anyone finds me attractive at all.. 

Anyway, I’ve written what’s most likely too much.. again this was my first shot at typing up a post for this sub so I apologise if it’s too long or just in general completely wrong.. but thanks for taking the time to read through this if you did. I appreciate you for listening to what is more or less pretty stupid things to feel this badly about. 

