29yr old female, gambling addictThe stress of this addiction has taken its toll on me physically and mentally. My thoughts are a constant roller coaster of ‘everything will be fine’ to ‘just put yourself and everyone you love out of misery’. 

If it was only money that I’d lost then I could live with myself. But Ive lost respect for myself, I’ve lost the ability to be honest with other people and I’ve lost any sense of normalcy that I ever had to begin with. 

My family has helped me out before, they were incredibly kind and understanding, but made it known that it can’t happen again. That was around 2 years ago. Since then I’ve built up a lonely web of lies, about why I’m skint, why I go out, all sorts of things. 

I don’t know why I can’t stop myself. I feel faulty.

I’ve managed to get a job that will remove my ability to gamble from Mid October to January. I can’t gamble online. I have a way out of this hell for at least that period.

But I need to find £350 by the first of October. At this point, I’ve got nothing left to sell, nobody left to ask, and I am completely on my own. 
I am going to a GA meeting for the first time on Thursday, which is the same time I plan on telling my closest friend who I know will be understanding and I am not afraid of letting her down as it’s an unconditional friendship. 

I won’t harm myself. Mostly because I’ve tried before and I’ve seen first hand how it broke the people I love down. If I can’t live for me then I’m determined to live for them.
But the thoughts won’t go away. It feels like it’s always an option, even though I know better. 

I know that things can get better and I know that I can change. I really want to. But I can’t get over how much I hate myself. I’ve phoned help lines and spoken to doctors. 

I’m so sorry that this is so depressing. I’m scared of myself and my lack of impulse control. 
I just need someone to tell me that things will be okay. If anyone has ever been in this situation and come out the other end - please let me know. Talking to my family is not an option.