Lifestory, need advice i think this is it..So, i'm about to turn twenty tomorow, yet i'm stuck in my own head.

You know, i have these voices in my head, talking to me 24/7, i'm going trough a very hard time for almost a year now, me and my 'girlfriend' broke up, exactly 6 january 2017.

She has no clue, but i've tried killing myself 3 weeks after that, when she was dating a friend of mine, just 5 days after we broke up she started dating him.

I knew she'd miss me, because i litterly did everything for her, there's not a guy that will ever be able to compeed to that.
Eventuelly, after 9 months (around october), i started feeling better again. Went studying got good grades, got lifegoals, i knew she missed me, but when she actually tried to come back, i couldn't.. I couldn't just say no, now we're trying to solve our shit out but it's not working for me, i can't forget that she slept with him, just 2 weeks after a 2.5 year relationship, she fucked someone else. She made her parents (who loved me very much, they liked me alot) hate me. We can't even be togheter anymore because of all the lies that have been told, her mom doesn't allow it &amp; even if she did, i'm not sure if i can forget her fucking that guy, she even kissed someone at a party, in front of my nose one week before she started talking to me again just to hurt me because she was "jelly" because some girls where talking to me... she's always had her eyes on me whenever we meet at parties...

I do believe she misses me and wants me back, but why all the lies? why go and fuck someone else, how can you say you love me if you're capable of doing that after a 2.5 year relationship?

The most saddening part is, I think i've finally suffered enough pain to let go, like for real. sometimes, i cut myself &amp; i feel this peace coming over me, i feel good. I feel calm, that calmness scares me, cause i'm really close to killing myself &amp; i think that's what i want, however i don't want to hurt my family.

Sometimes i kinda just think like, i wanne fake my death &amp; see how it turns out &amp; come back if people change, if her mom sees what damage she's causing, if she see's what damage she caused...

Idk any thoughts???

also, how would you go over killing urself?