How My Father Inspired Me to Deal with HardshipI'll try to make this story of my father as short as I can for those who care to read.

My fathers life ambition was to be a soccer player. From day to night he played outside on the streets of Tehran with his friends. When he was 16 years old he was forced into the Iranian/Iraq conflict but he fled the Iranian national army from almost certain death. 

At the age of 18 he started University in England, his life's ambition was not Electrical Engineering, but his strict father had convinced him to go there. He dropped out, married my mother and fled to America. He was more concerned with starting a family and helping his friends back in Iran. During this time he was involved in a political struggle to free the Iranian people from the Islamic Regime, he continues that international struggle to this day. His job never turned out to be a soccer player, or even an electrical engineer. He fuels airplanes for a living now. He has health problems that I know he keeps from me to keep me confident and away from depression. His boss treats him like shit even though my father is 10x the man and 10x smarter and more deserving of a better position than that asshole. But my father comes home to his little office in the house every night after his shift where he organizes and leads a political party. He fights everyday for his family to live a regular life while trying to help even more people.

He is the most selfless man I know. I don't know anyone as strong and willing to sacrifice himself for others. This is why he has inspired me to do something greater than myself. Yes life sucks, we were never privileged to have many things in our lives, everything seems like a struggle, the system fucks us and gives advantage to the worst of people. But we keep fighting on because we believe there is something good at the end of it all. There is something that we have to fight for whether it is achieved now or after we die. We all live our own ways, but my father has taught me to act in the most selfless of ways. I would rather die fighting against the assholes of this world then take my own life and make it easier for them.

Thank you for reading.