I don't want to go on anymoreI guess I'll just get right into it. I'm gay, and I don't want to be. I've known for nine months, I just want it to go away but it never does and it never will. I can barely say "I'm gay" to the mirror most of the time. It's not like I live in an unaccepting environment, it's just me that doesn't accept myself. I don't want to get anxious when guys in my friend group start talking about girls. I don't want to get nervous in front of guys I have crushes on. I hate myself for being gay. The only way of getting rid of it is if I'm dead.

I'm socially awkward as hell. I don't feel like I can be myself anywhere. I feel like I'm in a costume just trying to blend in but it ends up failing.

I have no relationship with my older brother. We don't talk. Ever. We used to do so much and play together when we were younger. We've had too many arguments and I feel like our relationship is beyond repair. He thinks I'm a dick.

I have a shitty relationship with my mother. She shouts at me for what feels like everything I do. She asks me to do chores, while I'm doing them she shouts at me. She calls me selfish and lazy. I don't fucking get it. Don't get me wrong, she's a loving person, but she just has these outbursts and I always seem to be the one getting shouted at.

My relationship with my sister is good. It feels not as good recently though. I don't know. I accidently outed myself to her, I won't go into detail, but I wasn't ready for her to know that I was gay.

Whenever I see a tall building I fantasise about jumping off it. Just one jump and it's all over. Or something like a busy road. I just don't want to live. Some nights I just cry myself to sleep.

Honestly, the only thing stopping me is some Internet friends I have and my dog. I don't even want to live for myself. Isn't that sad.

I don't know why I do this but I think it's worth mentioning. I have this pair of scissors in my kitchen drawer. I put them to my throat this one time and it felt so fucking good. They're not sharp enough to do anything. But it just felt good. I've done it before since then, despite resisting the urge to. The only way I could describe is say you're thirsty. You want to get a drink of water, but say (hypothetically) you know you shouldn't. You resist the urge to even though you see that damn sink and tap every day. That's what it feels like. The scissors are in the same draw as all the utensils, so whenever I get a spoon or fork or whatever, it's hard to not just put the scissors to my throat again. 

Thanks for reading.