Finally met a girl, now even that's gone [NSFW]Sorry if I can't explain anything adequately, I'm a really reserved person and usually keep my feelings bottled up to everyone, even my parents. I also apologize if this ends up being a novel, I'm not exactly sure how much info to give but at this point I don't care. Basically I'm an early twenties male going to a small college. In high school, I always kept to myself and only had about 5 friends, all of them were guys. For some reason, I get extremely nervous around girls and always find a way to fuck up a conversation. Every time. I really can't help it... 

When I got to college, I tried getting out of my comfort zone by working out and making myself look the best. I went out a couple of times in hopes of meeting people and also hoped that the alcohol would make it easier to talk to girls. It didn't really. Finally, a friend of mine introduced me to this girl that seemed to be having the same problems as me. I think we hit it off decently well, but it was obvious that I was more shy than her -- like I said, I pathetically barely even talked to girls so I was taking like a couple hours to try to perfect every little text to make sure that I wouldn't fuck anything up. Long story short, we end up having sex (which was my first time) and she asked if I wanted to take the relationship more seriously. She asked me this the weekend after declining to have sex with her because I had to go home for some reason. I can't remember exactly why I had to go home, but my friend apparently was talking to her and started telling me that I needed to give her an answer quickly because I was "stringing her along." I got scared shitless because I had never been in a relationship, and after about 10 minutes of being a pussy, I told her no. After this, she kind of stopped talking to me, perhaps rightly so. She asked if we could have still been friends, which I would have liked, but every time I asked her to hang out she said no. After I realized how stupid the decision I made was, I got really depressed. Usually I try to make people laugh, even when I don't feel the best but during the next couple of months I just got really quiet and more reserved. I called my general doctor to ask him for a therapist recommendation and he said the therapist would call back but she never did. 

Fast forward about 4 months, the only times I had seen her since saying no had been around campus and stuff. The most conversation we'd had since then was just occasional hellos. I think time healed me a little as I was feeling not as depressed and was even feeling confident enough to see if she wanted to resume what little relationship we had. I asked my friend that introduced us if he thought she would be down for it, but he told me she was seeing someone. 

Coming closer to the conclusion -- now it was nearing the end of summer and I learned that they weren't together anymore for whatever reason and I again asked my friend if he thought she would be down to start something again. He said that she not only was, but she was pretty excited about it. This got me really excited because I had been waiting a long time for this moment, and she was even seemingly equally happy that it was going to happen. Then, the semester starts. I distinctly remember coming back from a night class and being so happy at the thought that we were going to hang out the next day. Then I received a text that gave me an almost out-of-body experience. She tells me that she is too busy with school and work and that it won't work out. The day before we were going to hang out. It honestly felt like that Reddit story about the guy who lived a whole life for 10 years and then stared at a lamp for 3 days and realized the last 10 years had been a lie. I was so dazed that I felt perpetually high for the next 2 weeks or so. It was like nothing I had ever experienced. Also, again, she said that she'd like to be friends but also said no every time I asked her to hang out. 

Fast forward almost exactly a month later and she's in a relationship. There were many other things that contributed to me wanting to commit suicide, but this was the most significant. Luckily, every other time I thought about it, I felt that I couldn't bring myself to do it but lately I've been feeling like I could. I've been trying to get my mind off of it but I literally can't. I spend whole days doing homework, whole days watching YouTube videos, nothing fucking works. I just keep thinking about it. If anyone had any advice I would appreciate it. Thanks