Why Is Life HellI wish I could tell you when the last time I felt well was. We are speaking mentally and physically. I cannot possibly pinpoint the cause behind these two things which have brought a drastic change to my life. I am an absolute idiot. My anxiety, anger, depression, and numbness has taken me over. My anxiety causes me to be too anxious to eat because I fear being sick. My anxiety caused me to become a shut in. I am not ashamed of becoming a shut in. My anger has caused me to lash out onto loved ones, hurt myself, and almost damage my belongings. My depression just simply holds me back from living like a normal human being. I won’t shower for a week, I won’t get out of bed, I won’t talk to people, and I will constantly be exhausted. My numbness causes somewhat of a mixture of all of these things. It causes me to want to break something because I just want to feel. It makes me yearn to let a few tears out just to reassure myself that I haven’t given up on myself. It makes me anxious because I don’t know if I will randomly have a panic attack. 
Physically I am suffering as well. It seems impossible to gain weight. I am constantly feeling as if I will drown in the mucus that is in my throat. When I breathe in, my breath doesn’t even reach near my throat. I catch myself gasping and wheezing for air. There’s not a week that goes by where I don’t feel any sort of pain in my stomach. There’s not a week that goes by where I have a strange bowel movement. There’s not a day that goes by where my throat tickles yet feels as if it is being scratched at the same time which causes me to cough lightly. 
I seem to learn something new everything. They are things that I was supposed to already know. Did you know that the 7 in 24/7 stands for how many days there are in a week? There are seven days in a week and I only figured out the meaning behind that 7 in 24/7 a week ago. There are so many things that I should know by now yet I simply don’t. It seems impossible to do basic math. Adding, subtracting, multiplying, counting, and measurements are all that I am good at. There is a huge portion that I have always failed, even when I thought I had done phenomenal. 
When there is a loud sound it feels like I can’t hear and my gag reflex feels as if it has been set off. Of course, I don’t really gag. I just can feel something in my throat having a spasm when there is a loud sound such as the washer, dryer, or a family member speaking very close to me. My family is loud and does not have an inside voice. 
The only thing that I enjoy doing would be writing. All of my other old hobbies are out of the picture. Working out? I haven’t done that in a long time. Coloring? I do that sometimes but I can only handle doing it on my iPad. I can’t do it on a literal piece of paper. It makes me upset when the color gets out of the line or when I don’t draw in a straight line. There are many other hobbies which I used to participate in, but I no longer am able to.
I hate it when the light is too bright and flashing lights. I have to close my eyes and sometimes it sends me off into a panic. It makes me want to scream, cry, and throw something at it to make it stop. When there are loud sounds all I want to do is hide. Where I am around too many people it makes me want to run and hide. 
A few days ago my doctor ordered a blood test and an EKG. There is no response on the blood test but the EKG was normal. He then proceeded to force me to see a psychiatrist because he assumes that I have an eating disorder. This man does not understand that i truly do love to eat. I am just scared of what the food will do to my body. He poked me and squeezed me and kept telling me how skinny I was. 
I don’t know what is wrong with me but I really want to know. I need to help myself and I need to become normal again. If I don’t become normal again then how will I ever have a family one day? If I were to have children how would I raise them when it’s difficult to take care of myself? Who would love somebody who is so screwed up? I just want to be good and healthy again. I wish that I didn’t have to worry about how I was going to feel during the day or night. My life has become pure hell and I don’t know what to do about it. 