Contemplating suicide for the past few years, don’t know how much more I can take.Hi everybody. I’ve come to this sub to ask for a bit of advice and maybe look for a bit of support from people that may be struggling with what I’m going through. First off, let me say that things forever have just...not been great. From a very young age, sexual things were introduced me in ways that I believe you guys can put together, and abuse was always a major part of my life for well..as long as I can remember.
Sexual, verbal, emotional, all from different people. These things have plagued me for years, as well as depression, anxiety, and my autism hasn’t been a big help either. As you can guess I have little to no self confidence and not a real reason to live.
I don’t remember a time where I’ve ever really been happy...a few months ago I was diagnosed with PTSD and it’s really kicking my ass. I’ve wondered if I had it for years, but I had finally decided to go see a therapist and people who could properly help and diagnose me. After several appointments, I still feel like shit. I know I shouldn’t be so quick to give up after just starting, but I really don’t know how much more I can put up with. I’ve never had a real motivation to pursue anything except for art ( though I’m not that great ) and my love for vintage toys ( silly, I know ). I have no passions, no people that truly care for me, and I’ve reached out for help all I can but it feels like I’m reaching at nothing- like every effort I make is just meaningless and nothing is ever going to change. Since the age of 12, I’ve always felt that I needed to die. I’ve never truly “wanted” to die, but more of that I deserve to. I truly feel like every bit of abuse I’ve received over the years I deserve. So...basically what I’m asking is...what should I do? Is there hope for me? Are there any people like me that have had similar life experiences and have recovered, or should I really just end it before college starts? My mother is really my own support, she’s the only reason why I haven’t put a bullet through my skull yet. I know if I died it would kill her, but I can’t help but feel my birth ruined her life. 

Sorry if this sounded all over the place or unorganized. I’ve had a really rough past few months, and suicide has been a daily contemplation. This is really my last cry for help, nobody around me in reality seems to care or relate with what I’ve gone through and how I feel, so I really hope that maybe some of you guys can help me. Thank you for reading and listening to me.