Not sure why i keep doing this.Why do I keep pushing forward? I know what tomorrow brings, more pain and sadness despite all of my efforts to curb depression. I work really hard at it every day. But I have just been going on a treadmill, the kind that go up and down. Some days/weeks are easier than others, but it never stops. It never ends.

I have moderate to severe suicidal depression.

A good day is one where I can simply brush off the casual suicidal thoughts. A bad one is where I struggle to get off the couch and go to the bathroom. Honestly yesterday if it weren't so damn near impossible for me to get off the couch I would be gone right now. Thanks to the kind Redditor who talked with me, I managed to overcome the urge.

I want kids so bad but am so scared that one day depression will claim me, and leave them motherless. I would rather have a dog or two and volunteer my time to kids that need it or animal shelters. 

Sometimes I can go months where I can feel happiness, and those are the months I feel like I've beaten it, but armed with the foreknowledge that it will come again and to stay vigilant against it.

I feel like for the last 6 years my life has been on pause. I'm just struggling to pay off my student loans. Just waiting for my husband to finish school so we can afford to finally enrich myself and my life. Just waiting. Working shitty dead end job after shitty dead end job. 

I am slow, if not stupid. I have dislexia which makes spelling and reading and learning in the traditional sense just difficult to the point of uselessness. I can comprehend most anything taught to me either verbally or by doing. But that's not going to land me a big job or a career.  

But I'm super forgetful. I can do things a million times and still simply forget how to do it.  It is incredibly frustrating. Thank goodness for visual cues, probably forget how to use a cellphone.

I have tried everything. Therapy, meds, drugs, everything I can possibly think of. I've done mental training exercises and other things to try and improve my mental skills. But I'm just too dumb to remember to keep it up every day. It just doesn't work.

If you've read this far thanks for your precious time. I just needed to get it out in a place I feel would understand.