I am thinking about killing myself.25, soon to be 26 y-o guy here. I have been reading stuff on these boards here for a while and I think that this is a very nice community. Thats why I hope for some help from you guys. I have been depressed for years now. But I never was suicidal, I always managed to go on. But now it feels like I just had enough. I have been sleeping half of the day and now I'm on the computer looking up suicide methods. I feel like I'm gonna breakdown every minute. I never seriously felt like killing myself. So I reallly need some help. Yesterday I got into an heavy argument (also physically) with a bus driver. Police was called, reconciled but made me feel like I was the bad guy and solely responsible for everything although the other man clearly did his bit (he basically started everything by narrowing me physicsally instead of approcahing me verbally). However, what I fellt like after that and still today is like everybodys day (policemen, bus driver, passengers...) would have been better without me. And thats how I feel everyday. I feel so worthless and like I'm affecting nobodys life in any way, or if, not in a positive way.

The ONLY thing keeping me alive right now is the thought of my parents. I still live with them (singlefamily-house, so we dont necessarily see each other every day, more like live our own lives) and they do everything for me and I know that they love me. I dont have to pay rent and if needed I get financial support, they help me to get in touch with possible employees and people who might help my career and they always tell my how great of a son i am. I love them for all that. However they're not very helpful towards my depression as they dont understand it and when I'm angry or sad they just say things like "Brighten up!" or "Why don't you smile?" and I've given up on explaning that I just can't. However, they're good parents and I love them a lot and I know they would be devastated if I just killed myself. Especially my mom, I hate to see her sad and crying. I know that it wouldnt affect me because I wouldnt see that anylonger and the idea of killing myself has NOTHING to do with making them unhappy, only with mmaking myself happy. But of course I want them to be happy too and leaving them in this kind of way even in my worst days feels like I'm doing something wrong to them.

But then again, I dont affect anybodys life. I dont have a steady job so I dont contribute to society (not regularly at least). I dont have many friends (which is ok I like being on my own) so I'm not needed desperately by any person. And I feel like the world would be a better place without me. I think even the pain my parents would have to feel for a while would never overweigh all the prevented trouble I could get into and I could get others into and all the problems and shitty situations and horrible days that occur just because of my negative emotions.

I have happy days, I enjoy music and movies for example, but right now I dont even care about all that, because in the end its nothing that will last. In the end I'll be rotting in the ground anyway, so why wait 40 more painful, unlucky years. I'm sad, I'm tired of this world and I just wanna get rid of my pain at all costs, which in this very moment would even mean suicide myself. I really dont care about what happens to me anylonger and now I think even my parents would get over my death eventually. Sure be sad for a while but gain at least something from it when they wouldnt have to support me anymore. I think maybe I'm just a burden to thhem and finally they would be freer and happier without me. Until today I have never been to the point when suicide becomes an realistic option and I dont know what to do. I usually take a hot shower to get rid of everything "dirty" and feel better but even that didnt work out this time. I dont know what to do to get any further at this point. Also I'm a very impulsive person and I'm afraid I am terribly afraid that I might be doing something I would regret (or not, because I wouldnt be able to anymore) later on. I know that I dont really wanna die but I cant get this feeling out of my head that tells me to do it and that that would end all the pain and make everything better.

If you read all of my text, thank you. I apologize for typos and grammar, not a native speaker, I'm crying and my hands are shaking heavily and I didnt read it over again. If you want to reply to my text, Ill appreciate every serious answer of yours. If not, alright too, I think I Just had to get this off my chest. (I know I could call a hotline but I'm highly sceptical against everything "business"-like, but still wanted to tell someon, so here I am). Hope you all have a better day than me.

-gf-