Open letter to those who I have lostBoys, J + J 

You didn't know each other, but I knew both of you. I don't want to say too much about when either of you were alive, because I could write for hours and hours and never even begin to encapsulate the life and love and joy it seemed like the two of you had. There are no words to describe how your smiles could lift a little helium balloon of happiness from my stomach, into my heart, because you were so beautiful and when you smiled it seemed like you were so content. 
People always say eyes are the window to the soul- why did I never see then? Why did I see blue skies and clear waters, I saw love and friendship and young men living life with all of the life to live. 
Should I not have seen the tragedy and the sadness, and how desperately you must have felt? Even now, I have no idea how desperate you felt. I do not know how much sadness your heart held. 
I was closer to one- good friends. 
I need to apologise, maybe here because who else is going to hear it? I'm sorry for never seeing, for taking your issues lightly and for not listening to your problems enough. I'm sorry for only hearing what you were saying without listening to what you were feeling, I'm sorry I didn't reach out harder and closer, that I didn't look into your heart and feel the pain you needed someone to feel. I'm sorry that that was your last way out and I didn't do a thing to try and pull you back in. I'm sorry that all we did together was party and that all of our proper conversations happened at 3am. I should have been a better friend, you talked about sadness and you'd mention your blues but I was foolish. I thought we all had the world at our feet, that there were opportunities and hope. I thought we all had time, I thought there was a future, for all of us. 
You still owe me three cigarettes. 
The both of you have left gaping holes in a lot of lives. 
I don't know if really and truly knowing that beforehand would've made a difference.
 If knowing the amount of love that genuinely surrounded you would've made the difference, between living or not, then we are all guilty. And for that possibility I feel waves and waves of anguish, and honestly I am glad that I cannot find out, that I cannot know if I had been a better friend, if either of you would be alive right now. 
If I had listened and listened and listened and opened my heart as wide as it would go, if you'd have been alive for your Facebook 'happy birthday' messages. If they'd be wrapped up in joy and party hats and meaningless comments, instead of this haunting sadness that feels so thick even though it's on a computer screen. 
I'm sorry that I didn't try harder. 
That I didn't know more. 
I'm sorry if loneliness consumed you, and noone was there to break you out.  
I wish you could see all the love. I don't think you can though, because I couldn't see your pain. 

I adore you both 
