ive never felt so overwhelmedsorry if this doesnt sound organized. im attending college over an hour away from home and im trying to transfer into the top university in my state. the major im going to apply for is very competitive, theres like a less than 10% transfer acceptance rate (to the major). it’s definitely possible to get in if i have a 4.0 gpa, good extracurriculars, essays, and stuff like that. im doing a program that feeds into the school i want to transfer into, so pretty much either way i will get in...its just my major that isn’t guaranteed. the amount of pressure im putting on myself is ridiculous. yet, i havent done everything i need to do. my grades are good so far (im borderline a in two of my classes), but ive only joined one club. realistically i need 2 or 3 and i definitely need one related to my major. i can still join clubs next semester but i dont know. im so fucking stressed out right now because of finals. in two of my classes if i do bad i wont get an a (like I pretty much need an 80 or above on the finals) and all of this is packed into the same week. 



im all alone here and it isnt too bad but sometimes it bothers me. i went to go get food to go from the dining hall and saw a friend with other friends. she used to invite me to eat but now she doesnt, so i just take the food to go. at the same time she asks for he help every now and then. this week i helped her, and it took time away from me studying. i was kinda annoyed when i saw her eating without inviting me. its not even her that im mad at, im just mad at myself for not being able to make friends. the school is a huge commuter campus, but that really isnt an excuse.


my dad works probably 50 hours a week. he spends around 3 hours in traffic everyday. he is killing himself working to help me pay for college. if i fuck this up, im gonna be so disappointed in myself.


sometimes i think about how i wouldnt be stressed out if i wasnt here. i dont have any real motivation to keep me going. i’ll finish school, get a job, work for the rest of my life, and then die. 


i just hope i can make it through the next 2 weeks. if i can make all a’s i might still have a shot at getting into my major. if not, i dont know what im gonna do. i have enough time to study if i stick with it. im gonna try to get some sleep tonight, hopefully over 7 hours.  i deleted all social media for awhile but i kept this. good luck to anyone struggling with stress right now