I'm so tired.As the title suggests, I'm very tired of everything. First, some backstory. I'm eighteen years old, and have been struggling with depression since I was fifteen. I never told anyone about it, always thinking that it was nothing. But I was wrong. I had a happy upbringing, no abuse, great parents, always got the things I needed or wanted, etc. But it feels like that doesn't matter anymore. It feels like all joy is just sapped of me; and I'm never permanently saddened. It's temporary, and it's like I'm on a rollercoaster of emotions, going from the highest of highs, to the most crippling of lows. I've never made a suicide attempt for my life before, but I'm really considering it. 

About a month ago, I was given an entry level separation from the military, due to my psychological status not being satisfactory for military service. Needless to say, when I was transported to a psyche ward and told that the chances of me rejoining were slim to none. I cried a lot, and really wondered what the hell I was going to do. Thankfully, the psyche ward had this phone room, and they pretty much allowed everyone there to use it freely. I talked to my mom, and she said everything was going to be alright, and that when I get home, we'd find myself a job, and I'd go to college at some technical school for computer science. But, it feels like there's no point.

I just don't have any motivation to do anything anymore. I don't get it; I really don't. Everyone says they love and value me, but do they really? Because they never say a damn thing to me until I say something or something happens. It really doesn't help that people who are 'supporting' me are practically not helping at all. I just want it all to go away. Everything. I just want to disappear permanently. I feel like I'm a fucking failure at everything I do, like I'm destined to fail to live up to my older siblings, who both have successful careers. 

When I tell people why I'm home from the military, they just look at me like I'm some kind of freak. They don't have a clue just how difficult it is for me to even get the motivation to get out of bed some days. My friends do the same thing too, and I don't have many of those either. It feels like everything is falling apart. 



