I don't think I can rebuild this timeMy girlfriend of 2 years and mother of my daughter just officially left me. We were technically not together but there was always hope in the air we could work it out. We still laughed, joked, hung out, and everything we did before minus the intimacy. We've fought and she's said some pretty terrible things to me and I her, we've broken up, but we've always gotten back together. She said she would always love me. She was my best friend for 2 years before we got together and it was the best yeArs of my life. But last 3 days she all of a sudden became really distant and unavailable. Not being able to see her or my daughter because she blew my off to, what I now found out, was to hang out with a new guy. She took pictures of him with my 1 year old girl. She told me she just doesn't care any more and she hasn't cared for a while. It was so cold all I could do is listen. She was my earth moon and stars and all of a sudden she wants nothing to do with me and wants to move on. I just can't deal with this. There was only 2 people I could truly talk to about my thoughts. Her and my grandmother. She was my rock. She kept me in line. She was the only person I could cry in front of. I try to get my mind of it but as soon as I think about something else, I have images flashing in front of my eyes of my daughter playing with some other man, maybe calling him dad instead. This is unlike anything I've ever felt before. I just want to swallow a bottle of ambien and  enjoy the big sleep. I wanted to marry this girl. I'm 21 and I found my soulmate. And lost her suddenly and with zero time to recover. I feel suffocated by my own self loathing. I can't think straight. Any more than a few minutes in advance and I get those flashing images again. Her loving someone else, fucking someone else, having the life I was so sure was to be ours. And my little girl. Oh my little girl. I can't even finish that though for fear of ending it before I'm down typing this. I need something. A reason not to die. The thought of sleeping forever never sounded so good. Please I need some genuine advice. The suicide hotline was no help with they're scripted responses. I'm unraveling every minute. They were my now and my future. Now I can't see where I'll be 10 minutes from now let alone the future. My eyes are open and but the world seems darker. The walls feel closer. And decades more in this crawling skin doesn't seem worth it