its late and im sadi want to share my story so here. i’ve suffered from generalized anxiety disorder as long as i can remember. ever since i was like 12 (im 15), depression has manifested as well. anyways, im not sure if this is an effect from my illnesses, but emotions are something i have a hard time controlling. every time an inconvenience happens to me, it feels like my whole world is in shambles. i cry so much for what others would consider to be no good reason. this also means i get angry easy, and my temper leads me to say things i dont mean as well. ive lost so many friends from my idiocy and overreacting. it hurts so bad. i got into a (verbal) fight with some “friends” yesterday. the whole situation was blown out of proportion because i cant control or filter my feelings. ive been clean from self harm for seven months, but i relapsed yesterday because of this. i want them to know that i relapsed because of them, but obviously im not gonna tell them straight up. they’ll just think i’m a crazy attention whore, and to an extent, theyre right. i just fucking wish i was normal. so bad. im seeing a therapist once every other week, but i wish i could see her more often. i dont want to ask my parents though, as there are a million health-related things happening in my family right now, and i dont want to burden them more. i started smoking weed in november. its the only thing that keeps me sane. i feel like a real person when im high. i wish i could just be that person permanently. high me is a good me that is mentally stable and funny and nice and normal. sober me is anything but. sometimes i just wanna blow my brains out knowing i’ll never experience anything normally without mind-altering substances. i’m too much of a coward to kill myself, but i just wish i could disappear. i wish my existence would just vanish. i wish everyone would forget about me completely so i wouldn’t make any more people feel bad. i’ve done enough damage and i want out. i try to tell myself that its all just stupid high school drama, but it feels so intense in my mind and i hate it.