I told my parents that I were depressed and it didnt make anything better, only worse, even thought they are supportive.Sorry for the wall of text.

I've always considered myself lucky when it comes to my parents, but telling them how I feel is something I deeply regret. It didnt make anything better, everything is just one big mess. I not an idiot, I can tell how stressed they are. When they feel bad it only makes me feel even worse. My dad wanted me to tell him what's wrong so that he could help, but how the fuck am I supposed to explain whats wrong to someone else when I dont even know whats wrong myself. I've skipped school a lot these last few months. My social anxity is just getting worse and worse. I've often gone to school just to turn around when im there because im almost getting panic attacks. The worst thing about skipping school is the look my parents give me when they come home and ask me if ive been to school that day. Lying is not an option, I hate lying and i simply cant do it properly. They think my problems exist because of my lack of discipline, and maybe they are right. But I also lack a ton of other things, since im a fucking useless person. 

I've become paranoid. I have always been bad in social situations but i have never had any problems with my family until maybe 5-7 months ago. Now im just shutting myself into my room, pretending i dont have any problems with them. But thr truth is that im scared. So, so, so fucking scared. Im afraid of my parents talking to me because talking to them only leads to pain, so ive been avoiding them as much as i can. Whenever i hear footsteps I almost start hyperventilating, because im scared that someone might come home. And it doesent help that we live in an appartment with small walls, so i can hear every single step our neighbours take. After reading stories here i understand that im to young to give up yet, but i just cant myself keep going on like this.

I dont even know what im trying to accomplish by posting here. I dont understand myself, I dont understand anything.