I think I sexually harassed some of my friends unintentionally and I want to kill myselfIncident 1: I had consensual sex with a friend a few times. She got a boyfriend at one point and pushed away from me. I have no self-esteem, so I took it as a directive to win her affections back. I felt not enough as a person. I didn't want or try to kiss her/have sex again knowing that was not okay, but I couldn't cope with the feeling of being pushed away and wanted to go back to the playful happy vibes we shared. So after nights out as a group, I'd offer to walk her home for her own safety and in hopes we'd talk and get back into the good energy we used to have. She'd express discomfort with having another man she'd slept with walk her home and possibly want to flirt with her, and I'd assure her I wasn't trying to disrespect her wishes to be platonic. She'd agree and I'd drop her off and go home. I had no intentions to take it in a sexual direction, but from her point of view, that could definitely be unclear. I did try to bring back a playful flirtation between us when she probably didn't want that to be how it was between us anymore. To her, she could've felt pressured into letting me walk her home. 

Incident 2: I was interested in a girl who had never been with anyone yet. She was incredibly awkward and tentative but I thought she was extremely enjoyable as a person in a strange robotic way. We kissed the first time and it was passionate. The second time we went out together in a group of friends, things were more awkward, but I recall her saying something that made me think she was interested, and I went in to kiss her again. She reciprocated but wasn't as enthusiastic as before, so I made the decision to dial it back. The third time we ended up at the same house party and the air was awkward again. I went in for a kiss again because I thought the signs were there. She kissed me back. Then I text her the next day and she responds well until I take it in a flirty direction. It then got awkward and now I'm worried I misread all her signals. Even if I misread a signal and had no malicious intent, it could still harm her. 

Firstly, I didn't ask for consent before I went in to kiss the second girl. Secondly, I knew the first girl wasn't comfortable walking home with me when she had a boyfriend, but I thought since I knew I wasn't trying to move things sexually and was just trying to get back that pleasant back-and-forth we had, I thought the girl knew that too (massive denial). Likely not the case. I'm a big dude and I'm just praying they didn't feel in danger. I pray they knew my intention was not to hurt them. But I stepped over the line in both cases and I'm so sorry.