Three daysHi. I figure that's the best way to start; Hello.    
I'm a 27 year old with bipolar I with mixed episodes. Some of the meds I take destroy me and make it so I can't get through the day. This isn't a cry for help; It's just facts being stated. I feel I need to get them out. I'll be transferring all my money in to my family's accounts. I'm playing with my dog a lot so she can still get at least a little out of me before I go. I've cleaned my house, removed everything embarrassing from my belongings. I've sorted out all the books I'd like them to read. After some more cleaning and saying good bye to people without letting on that I'll be dead in three days.
    
I've written up a list of how I want my body destroyed. I don't know if anyone cares other than my dog. I'll be leaving a hastily written note before I go out.
    
I don't see the value in my life anymore. It's mostly the bipolar but there are straight facts that make my life worth living. I don't care for anyone but my family reading my note.    
I'm betting you guys are used to this nonsense, but I feel at least a little of my story should be told.    
I've been diagnosed with Bipolar I and there is no medication that can cure or at least treat me. I feel like a robot, putting things of mine out of the way before I'm found. BP1 entails manic-depressive label most people do label us with. I have my mixed episodes of being depressed, delusional, happy, ecstatic, a retching sensation and no one understands. People I talk to don't get it. Even people I've talked to on reddit about this stuff don't seem to get my demons.    
It feels like a black core at the center of my torso. Nothing seems worth it. I don't date. I don't have anything I actually enjoy doing these days, on the computer or otherwise. I'm a useless waste of space with a menial job and no hopes or dreams of the future.    
What the fuck is the point?
    
Three days. Heroin overdose. Please don't judge me, or even understand what I'm going through. I just needed to tell SOMEONE since I've not a single friend.

I've nothing to offer. No skills to give me some sort of meaning. I don't even read anymore, and reading used to be one of the ONLY things in my life, full stop. 
    
So thanks reddit; for the entertainment, information, education, and debates. I hope you're at least content the rest of your days. 