need some help 

We are finally back to school after quarantine, and it hasnt been as good as I thought of it to be. I was really excited to be back in school and seeing all my friends and teachers again but in our school we have this system, there are 7 classes each year group and the classes depend on how well you are doing. I was always in top set, I got to know all my classmates and teachers really well for the past 3 years, my time in school was joyful . But when we came back after quarantine my smile and joy disapeared in an instance as I was told I needed to be moved down. Now I have to restart all relationships with teachers and classmates all over again as if ive just lost 3 years. This class is not the kindest of classes and a lot of insults are thrown around. It shouldnt be as bad but knowing that you have been moved down a class adds to even more stress knowing that you are failing a lot. These pasts few months have been enough stress already. But after I moved down I kinda just want to give up on everything. Ive been thinking about this for a long time now.

I dont even know what I want to achieve in life, I have no main goal. I dont even know what I want to work as. My whole life it was just let me do this for now, for now and for now. After that there are no plans. Just making sure I was getting good grades and keeping my parents happy. All of this stress is pulling me down. I couldnt concentrate properly in class as I was thinking on what a failure I am. I dont want to end up barely living ( financially) I want to make my parents proud and give them a really good retirement. But after today I thought about all of this really hard and I dont even know what im here for. Kinda just want to die to not feel all this stress and deppression anymore. But im scared to do that. If i die my family will have to live with MY pain for the rest of their lives. Thats the only thing preventing me from going.

I dont want to talk about this to anyone I know, my friend, family or any adult. I just want to talk to another random teen I dont know. To prevent any cringe and I just dont want anyone to find out about it. Thank you for taking your time to read this. Please share this as I want as many opinions as possible. Thank you.