Is this the only way out?I'm so scared, Reddit.
I don't know what to do, I don't know where to turn.
My moods have been everywhere, but really no where good.
I guess I should start at the very beginning, but i'll try to be brief. I've been somewhat depressed as long as I can remember. I've thought about killing myself since I was a very young child. I remember my mother disciplining me for something, rightful or not, i don't remember, that I did and I remember threatening to run into traffic and kill myself. I was maybe 5 or 6. It was partially out of spite, partially out of the fact that... why do I have to life in a world where I get yelled at? That's how my child's mind saw it.

Cut to me at 14-16 years old. Again, my parents disciplining me and again, I can't remember what I did. Maybe smoking weed? But they were saying they weren't going to let me hang out with  my boyfriend. The only one who makes me happy. My issues with dependency begin with this boyfriend and the idea that he was "safe" he wouldn't be mean to me, he would hold me, make me feel good. (or do they? I remember as a child, I only felt good when I was being hugged. I used to beg my parents to hug me constantly so I could feel ok.) I couldn't stand the idea of not being able to see him. I threatened my life, just threatened, just like the same kid I used to be, they threw me in a mental hospital for a few weeks. 

I had been crying out for years. Literally walking into my parents living room and sobbing, screaming that I didn't have any friends, all the other kids had friends, why does everyone hate me? I wanted someone to help me. My parents tried but eventually they gave up, told me to be quiet. I thought maybe the hospital would finally help.

At the hospital they said I had depression. They told my parents I had angry outbursts because I hated myself, it was reflecting outwards. That made sense to me. They gave me meds. Prozac, later Zoloft. At first I felt amazing, every blade of grass was beautiful. Then I felt numb. Like a zombie. I stopped taking them. I stopped needing them.

18 years old. Panic attacks every day. Cripplingly terrible, long lasting attacks of sheer panic. Not just anxiety but panic, I couldn't move,  I was afraid to breathe. Afraid to be still but I couldn't move. Back on zoloft. Klonopin for severe panic attacks. The klonopin was magic, it actually fucking worked. I could relax. It was amazing. My father wept with joy.

Back off the zoloft. I don't need it anymore. No more klonopin either.

I'm 21 now. I was an English major in a liberal arts school. I wanted to be a writer. Naive girl. I can't even fucking write. The school sent my parents a letter. They needed more money or I couldn't come back to school. I showed my parents. They said they couldn't do anything, their credit wasn't good, they didn't want to take out loans. They insisted I talk to the school. My mother said "make sure you tell them we CAN'T help you, not that we don't WANT to." But the FAFSA said otherwise, my parents should be able to contribute at least a couple thousand. They refused and I had to drop out. I feel like a failure. I never want to see my college friends again. I'm bitter and I HATE them. They don't deserve success, higher salaries, better lives any more than I do! It isn't fair. I want to die. I don't want to be a failure. All I ever wanted was to be educated. That was the plan: Education (bachelors then masters), Husband, Family. I thought of it myself. My mother hated every step. "You don't need any of those things. You might want to get married, that's ok. But school? You're not 'too good' for a trade like your siblings. You don't need school. It's a waste of time."

I'm 26 now. I met a cool guy at work. He's funny and serious at the same time. He's brilliant. "I love him," I think. We aren't even friends, he barely knows me. He goes on a trip for a month, I pine for him. He comes back and asks me to have a drink. I oblige, we meet at a bar and talk and laugh. At 2am we go to part ways. My boyfriend of 8 years rushes up to us, ignores him, and asks me what the fuck I think I'm doing. I lied to him. Told him I was with a girl friend. I went to my car, he went to his, my boyfriend went to his. I drove around town, ended up at a friends house. Sobbed to her that this wasn't the life I wanted, trapped in a loveless relationship. My friend said I should leave my boyfriend. Said we wanted different things in life, and that was ok, we should  break up. 

I broke up with him. I started dating the guy from work. Well, kind of. He said he was moving away soon, to a different country. I asked him if I was his girlfriend. He said no. We're friends, he said, and what's wrong with that? What I thought was wrong with that was that when I told him I loved him, he went dead silent. When I pressed, he said he'd never been in love, didn't want to lie to me. Ok.

I'm 27 now. He moved away. He's coming back for Christmas. He messages me sometimes. I think about him constantly, hang on his ever word, tell my friends about him to no end. They remind me he isn't my boyfriend. I don't care. I love him. I'm going to teach him love. In October, his dog dies. I helped nurse the dog from birth basically. I loved the dog so much. We nursed it together, and he had given it to his mom the previous year for christmas. She was so happy when she got him. He died of a congenital illness. I cried and cried for days. In November, I found a close friend of mine lying unconscious on the floor. She was like a mother to me. I sat by her hospital bed and cried and cried and cried. A brain aneurysm. They fixed it. She came home. 

Finally, it was December. He was coming home. An end to my suffering. The first time we were reunited I ran to him, held him, told him I wouldn't let go. He said "If you're not going to let go of me, please turn me towards the table so we can have our drinks." We hung out a lot. I went to his house on Christmas and awkwardly and silently sat in his kitchen. His mom was nice to me. I got dressed up for him every night. Sometimes he would say I looked hot. On January 2nd he said he wanted to stay in with his parents that night. That was ok. I had to work, after work I wanted a drink. I went to a local bar and ordered. I looked up. There he was, across the bar from me, with his ex girlfriend. They were laughing. She was touching his shoulder. My body felt numb. I got up. I left.

The 3rd was his last day here. I didn't say a word about it. The next night I drove to a building to jump off of it. I got scared. I called a friend. It was really Guy From Work (GFW)'s friend. I don't have any friends. He answered. He was sweet to me. Came to my apartment. I think he tried to sleep with me. I didn't really try to stop him much, not because I wanted to hurt GFW, but because I wanted to feel good again. I didn't, though. Sleep with him. I just enjoyed the feeling of his admiration for me. 

After January, GFW would message me sometimes. I got fed up. I started hanging out with people, I started feeling empowered. I talked to a new guy. I felt like he was trying to manipulate me. See, he was GFW's friend. The same one from the night around new years. We talked a lot. Hung out a lot. At each other's houses. I thought "Is this cheating?" My friends said no, if GFW wanted to be my boyfriend, he'd have said. I had a great time. I met all kinds of people. GFW's friend, became controlling. Only wanted me to hang out with him, not my new friends. Ok. Heard I made out with a girl in our friend group and he had an hour long conversation about monogamy with me. He asked if I'd be his girlfriend. I said no, I felt loyal still to GFW. Told him he'd have to talk to GFW. He messaged GFW - is it ok if I date OP? 

I received a call from GWF at 2am one morning. I ignored it, like he always ignored my messages. It felt good, but at the same time terrible. I felt I was becoming someone I'm not.

GFW came back home in March because he wanted me to change my mind, to understand that I shouldn't be his friend. I said I wasn't sure I wanted to be with his friend anyways. He said he thought we had something special. I told him how special I thought he was, smart and handsome and funny, and how he made me feel embarassing and weird and ugly. He cried. Told me he was sorry, I shouldn't feel that way. His friend later told me he had privately told him that he didn't know if he could live with himself if he became the reason I couldn't believe in love. 

I told him I loved him. He said he didn't understand love, didn't feel it with me, wasn't sure he'd ever feel it.  But he liked me a lot. Good enough. I was so happy again. Love of my life. Maybe we could get married. "Are you my boyfriend or not?" "....It's hard when I'm in another country. I don't know what to say. Basically?"

A couple months ago. GFW visits again. So happy.  I'm so so so so happy. He even stays at my house. I thought he hated my house, my pets,  the fur everywhere that I get too depressed to clean. He goes out with his friends sometimes, I don't mind. I'm not a clingy girlfriend. Just tell me when you'll be home so I don't worry. We go to a housewarming party, he buys a bottle of wine as a gift. I say "let's split the cost, I'll venmo you the difference." I open venmo to send him $10, and I see the last venmo transaction from his account (it automatically showed me, I didn't snoop, I don't snoop, try not to hurt myself). It was his ex. The same one from new years. She had venmo'd him cash for drinks from the night before. The night before he had told me he was out with a different friend. All night. Till maybe 3am. 

I tried to be strong again. Said to myself I wouldn't bring it up. I had to. I told him what I saw. He was silent, asked if I was mad, said they were just friends, I told him about new years, he said sorry, he thought i'd be mad, couldn't he have female friends? besides, they'd been friends forever, he didn't want to give her up as a friend. I sat on the couch in the fetal position. "IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE WITH ME, PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE." He said he did want to be with me. I sobbed all night, told him I thought I'd die without ever feeling the feeling of mutually returned love. He said he didn't think so.

He left again. He talked to me every day while he was gone. Messages usually. Sometimes phone calls. Came back last week for summer break. His dad passed. I cried so hard I had to call out of work. I couldn't stop thinking about GFW, so stoic and strong for his family. I wanted him to open up to me, to break down for me, but I was not selfish. I knew he'd want to keep being strong. I invite him out for drinks. He comes sometimes. I cry in bed every night for myself and for his father.

That brings me to now. Where the fuck was I going with this story?

I want to be held all the time. Just like when I was a child. My arms reach to God and I cry. Please hold me, please just hold me. I'm so scared.

My moods shift so rapidly. 

I went to the doctor for something different. I started crying for no reason. He suggested mood stabilizers. Been on them for almost two weeks. No difference. Maybe worse. Sometimes I sob and sob for no reason. Sometimes I'm elated, I'm getting a new apartment, so exciting. Right now, I feel OCD, again, like high school. If I stay still I'll die, If I move I'll die. I'm scared. Paranoid. Can someone see what I'm writing? right now? My mood shifts several times a day. I just, in the course of writing this paragraph, went between anxiety to paranoia to melancholy.

WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING TO ME?? IS SUICIDE THE ONLY WAY TO MAKE IT STOP?

I just want to be normal, normal life, like I wanted when I was a kid. Education. Husband. Family.

JESUS CHRIST SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME I AM SO SCARED

I'm so fucking scared. I don't know what to do. I have some xanax for emergencies. I want to take one and see if I can stop feeling scared. But I also just want to end this. (re-reading this: i'm not saying i want to od on xanax, i'm saying I either want to die or take a xanax to stop feeling scared) I'm sick of this.

You can see. It's like this for years now. I'm so tired of fighting. But I'm scared to die. But I'm going to have to do this if I want this to stop forever.

Please help me!

tldr: i'm sorry there's really not one, maybe just read the last few paragraphs