Funny thing is, it's not even the depression and I so deeply wish it wasI suffer severe depression. Everyone in my family does in fact. My mother's side full of just run of the mill depression, my father's side full of assorted levels of crazy and drug abuse. In fact, none of my uncles made it past the age of 40 due to crazy ways of death all but 1 self-inflicted. My paternal grandfather dying from drug overdose. We're a fun box of issues.

I manage. Knowing what it is, putting a name to it, it usually helps me. I got from my mother the amazing ability to cope. But I think there's something else wrong, something I don't understand and can't label and I hate that. I like putting names on things, giving them boxes to live in. I like some sense of order. 

I will do my best to explain it. I'm 22, female, live in a suburb in the midwest. A rather normal existence. Sometimes, I unravel though. I feel outside myself, like right now. I don't like this outside feeling. I've mentioned in other posts to various subreddits (this is a throwaway name where my sad things go) that I don't relate to others well. Their emotions confuse me and I get annoyed and impatient with it. I own a home with my boyfriend, a sweet guy who so deeply believes in love above all else while I don't believe in love. Only in someone who enjoys you enough to overlook the terrible parts of you. 

Back to this outsideness. I don't feel inside me, I feel like a spectator to me. I don't feel like my body is my own very often so I lack much attachment to it. I've done what I could to feel attached, did things to make what I saw in the mirror something I enjoyed but it stopped being enough. Eventually the rest of the world started to fall away as well. That also not feeling as real either. I don't work, so I'm a housewife in a sort of way I guess? I don't do well in work environments. I hate everyone there and see it all pointless. So most of my day, after housekeeping, is spent honestly just... touching things. Attempting to feel connected to my surroundings. I've always sort of done that I guess, even when nervous, just rub stuff with my fingertips. 

Then there's the silence. I hate the silence. I hear a humming or a buzzing in my head sometimes, it gets louder then quieter. Different everyday and sometimes it's frequency even changes. I leave things on in the house just to have sound so I don't hear the humming. I cry for no reason more and more each day lately. Even though I'm alone in the house most of the day, I always have that sense like someone is in the next room over. I think that is just me sensing myself since I have that outside spectator feel. 

Darkness scares me more than silence. I leave every light on when it's just me in the house. I lock doors and windows, checking them often but I don't feel the anxiety paranoia tends to bring me. If focus too far around me visually, the world shimmers, walls seem to move in a sense. Pulsing? Something like that. 

There's also the memory lapse. It's not really anything like me acting without being aware. It's more like my mind doesn't bother to keep a library of everything that happens with me. My bf will mention something he asked me to do the day before, and I don't even remember the conversation. I also more and more forget things that happened 1 to 2 years ago, as if my mind decided it was all unimportant. Not worth keeping, but neither is any memory of yesterday or sometimes even just hours ago. Suddenly, something insignificant holds importance to the point that I remember it in every vivid detail; like I won't remember a conversation but I'll remember the shirt he wore, the sound of the fabric when he moved  to gesture as he talked, and assorted items around the room's placement. But never the words said to me.

I mentally converse with myself a lot. When others try to talk to me, part of my mind says "tell them to shut up. none of this matters at all. we have something else to be doing." and what I recognize more as me just tries to quiet that voice down "Shhh... I'm listening to them. Not now."

**If you read nothing else of my babbling just read this:**
I don't know if I'm just insane or having some sort of existential crisis but I can't take it. I can't deal with the buzzing, the silence, the darkness, or even just everyday interactions. My own boyfriend is becoming taxing and even when I tell him to go on and see his friends that I don't want to go I feel alone and sad and scared when he does go. I'm mad he listened to me. I don't want to be alone. I feel scared of this outside feeling and the sense of being a guest in my own body. I don't even feel bothered by the desire to die since my body isn't my own. I feel the guilt breaking a friend's dish brings and nothing more. That I'm shattering something that wasn't mine. 