Trapped in HellI'm writing this anonymous post so I can at least know I told someone the truth about myself before I check out.

I hate life, both yours and mine. We live in a huge junkyard of selfish slobs and assholes that are trying to manipulate us and each other to their own ends unceasingly. All of nature wants to kill us and eat our bodies. The only reason any species survives is because living cells haven't died long enough to reproduce for the last 4 billion years. Our lives are reduced to accumulating trash to fill the dump we live in. We place the most value on a chemical interpersonal bonding process called love, which is just a behavior designed to aid in the procreation of our species. Using the scientific method we know more, but also much less about the universe and our lives than ever before. We take pleasure in the misfortune of others. We kill everything we can and steal their trash for ourselves. We are reprehensible world eaters, unrepentant killers, ignorant dumbasses, evil conniving trash monkeys. This world is a cesspool of unspeakable horrors, and yet my idiot parents still thought it would be a good idea to push a helpless little innocent baby into the meat grinder. And then they did it again with my poor sister.

I'm 40-years-old now and I wish I was dead every day. It's been this way since my dad died of cancer when he was 40 and I was 7. I got to witness it all, the slow atrophy of my big strong father hooked up to tubes pumping yellow and red liquids, and it made quite an impression. At some point I resolved that I would kill myself so that I wouldn't have to get cancer and die like that. But because I was so little I didn't know how to do it. Imagine that, a sobbing little 7-year-old boy repeatedly punching himself as hard as he can in the stomach and head in the darkness of his room in the middle of the night because he wants to die so badly. 33 years later and I'm still punching myself and hitting my head against things and crying uncontrollably in the middle of the night. But now everything in my life is so much worse. I've been living my life with the acute intention to kill myself for the last 33 years, and therefore I am no longer close with my family and I have no true friends, no kids, no partner and only ever distant and/or fleeting romantic relationships, no steady job, never owned property, no plans for a future I never wanted to have. I figured that all of those responsibilities would have made it more difficult for me to kill myself when the opportunity arrived so I avoided them. Over the years I have eroded my self esteem and built a mountain of self hatred, ruined my lungs and stomach with smoke and alcohol, and ended friendships and wrecked romances to perpetuate my misery. It would seem that I've been sabotaging my life this whole time so that I'd be miserable and would be able to more easily kill myself. The irony is not lost on me. But despite all the self-sabotage, I've been a fool-of-a-worthless escapist loser my entire life and that was never likely to change.

Well, I'm finally approaching the "highest-risk demographic" for suicide: I'm a middle-aged white male with a history of trauma, anxiety, depression, self-imposed isolation, self-harm, suicidal ideation, and impulsivity. I'm detail-oriented and exacting, and I'm patient and thorough. I have researched the effective lethality of many methods and have worked out every detail of my chosen one by learning about how it is prone to fail, and taking steps to prevent those failures. I have gathered everything I need and am ready at a moment's notice. When I finally do it I'm confident it will work. I'm comforted by the thought that suicide is one of the most profoundly unique things that humans are capable of. Most of what we do, other animals do to some extent, but not philosophy, art, or suicide. Everything either gets killed or just dies of cancer, disease, and old age, but humans can see that life is shit, express this abstract realization externally, and then act on it by choosing to end our own lives. With 7 billion more of us clogging up the junkyard it won't matter that one of us is gone or that one of us was ever here. All my trash will be reorganized back into everyone else's trash as if I never existed, and then it'll all turn to dust eventually. The earth is dying because of us trash monkeys and won't be fit for habitation in a couple generations anyway. People will continue to replicate the human parasite until mother earth is as dead as the moon. Why would anyone with an empathetic conscience want to live in this hell-of-an-earth?

To all of you strangers who would attempt to dissuade me from my resolution, I would first ask that you truly search yourself for the origin of that motivation. Do you actually want me to be alive or are you more likely just trying to make yourself feel better? Maybe you lost someone close to you to suicide and you selfishly and unrealistically blame yourself for it. Maybe you've deluded yourself with pathetic fantasies of a religious afterlife and suicide is a threat to that fantasy. Maybe you can't tell the difference between "getting better" and "adaptation to a new low". Maybe you're another fool-of-a-worthless trash monkey but just too scared or stupid to admit to yourself or anyone else that suicide is a permanent solution to the temporary problem of you. Know that suicide can be a good thing, particularly as we approach the tipping point of our overpopulated junkyard. Know that your human life isn't special or precious or sacred. Remember how many years you've suffered and know that you didn't have to and still don't. Know that those you leave behind that will be hurt by your death likely didn't understand you anyway, and they're just feeling sorry for themselves. Know that nothing happens when you die. It's like sleep but with no dreams and you never have to wake back up. Just a little bit more pain and then nothing ever again.