I've seen how good it can be and find it hard to cope nowI'm 19 and have been suffering from depression since I was 14, got it officially diagnosed nearly a year ago when things got harder than ever, went to my college counselor, jumped through the hoops of therapy and antidepressants and trying to not let my family and friends know what's going on. I've given up on both therapy and the medication for a few reasons. One thing that has brought me joy throughout my life is my significant other who I met online four years ago. I recently got work for the summer, saved up and traveled 9,000km to visit him. I spent 10 days with him and it was everything I hoped it was, it felt like we'd be together for ever, I felt like someone actually cared about me for a change. Back here at home I have friends but I don't feel I connect well with them, I'm more friends out of proximity than anything else. They're all great people and I enjoy my time with them but I just don't think I mix well with them which leaves me feeling pretty alone in general even when I'm with them. Being gay and pretty unhappy about it means I've never had a relationship before this and I've never met anyone who I was interested in.

Having spent those days with my S/O I didn't feel depressed or suicidal at all, it was genuinely the happiest I've ever been. Now I'm in a position where I won't be able to visit him for atleast a year. I'm in my final year of a pretty intensive, full time college course where I won't be finished until next September, I won't even be able to work next summer because my course will take up all of my time. I'm really upset about all this and I'm anxious that something might happen in all that time. Having experienced that happiness and knowing it's so far away again makes my depression even worse and it's been pushing me back into a place where it feels like giving up now instead of holding on is easier and might save me from anymore upset. It's given me something to work towards now which is great but I've trust issues, I've depression and I've still got all of my usual problems. It's getting harder and harder for me to want to hold on.