I'm past my breaking pointI posted this elsewhere a few days ago but I'm right back where I started. I've got the pills right here, and I just wanted to say goodbye. 

She left me four months ago after two years of emotional abuse. I made one mistake and she pinned it all on me; our downfall was my own doing, and I gave up my chance at happiness. That's what she told me. It's not the fact that she left that kills me, it's the fact that she was so carelessly able to damage me and pretend it's okay. And maybe it is. Maybe I deserved it.

Maybe I deserved to be told I was nothing without her. Maybe I deserved to be told to end my life. Maybe I deserved to be accused of cheating, because maybe I'm the kind of guy who doesn't deserve to be trusted; maybe I need those reminders to be kept in line. Maybe I needed to see she was cheating on me with better men to push me to mold myself to her image. Maybe.

But the scars are there, and they'll never go away. I'll never be able to forget how I starved myself for her, how I'd force myself to eat in front of friends to keep up appearances, only to spit it back out later, in the company of my self-loathing and a shot of bile. I'll always remember staying up late, studying the men she chose to hide from me, to try to be more like them. Be skinnier, have more muscle, speak with more conviction, try to be more successful.

I severed ties with my closest friends, anyone she deemed a threat, just to prove my loyalty to her. I lost them because I thought she was my best friend, and love was worth those sacrifices.

She told me I was worse than the man who raped her. That stung the most. The worst I ever did was say, "Fuck you," to her. And somehow that was worse. I felt evil, cruel, and vile. And maybe I am those things. Maybe she said these things to keep that side of me at bay, remind me of who I am and what my place is.

And she left me with all of this damage. I can't sleep. I still can't eat without hating myself. Even after losing 30 lbs, I still look in the mirror and see a fat cow staring back at me. I still see someone who, despite his greatest efforts, couldn't keep the attention of a girl who always looked at him with such adoration. It was when we were apart that the abuser showed herself. And maybe that was the problem. I should have moved to her sooner. She never would have punished me then.

I called my little brothers tonight. They're 9 and 7. I thought maybe that would help. But it just reminded me of two more people I'm a poor role model for. What would they think if they knew their brother had stooped so low, done such shameful things. They deserve better and I can't give that to them.

And she gets to go out and party with her friends while I'm left here to feel empty, afraid, and alone. I've lost everything. I gave up everything, just to prove myself to her. And now she's gone, and she still has a hold on me. Whenever I'm alone I hear every cruel thing she's ever said, and I need it to stop. I need to be at peace. I need to escape. I need to close my eyes and never wake up.

So, here's my goodbye letter.

Hello,

If you're reading this it means I've given up. I'm sorry. I wish I had been stronger, I truly do.

This wasn’t an impulsive decision. This letter has existed, in one form or another, for about a year. I've been fighting this for so long it stopped feeling like a fight and more like running. I've lost my breath.

My mind won’t stop racing. The thoughts come back no matter how much I fight them. I’m not good enough. I’m not smart enough. I’ll never be able to accomplish all of the things my mind wants out of me. I’ll always be ten steps behind my own expectations, and I’ve always felt twenty steps behind the expectations of others.

And I’m tired of being awake. I’m tired of letting those thoughts take over. I’m tired of hearing them. I’m tired of nothing being able to drown them out. I’m just tired.

I didn't do this to get away from you. No, I'll miss you terribly. I did this to save you from me. You might want to, in this time of hurt, see the good in me and wish I had seen it too. I know that feeling all too well. I promise, I did see that good, I truly did. That was never the issue.

The issue has always been knowing that all of those good things were an act. Underneath it all I'm not that person. I'm selfish, I'm cold, I'm reckless, I'm cruel, I'm spiteful, I'm a slacker, I'm insensitive, I'm a liar, I'm immature, I'm egotistical, I'm bipolar, I'm an addict. I'm out of control. That is who I am and I never wanted you to see it. But if I carry on now, you'll see it all. I can't let that happen. You don't deserve it.

So for every time I lashed out at you, for every time I said something insensitive without batting an eyelash, for the times I did things out of spite, for the times I pretended a simple apology would suffice, for the effort I never put into our relationship, for the times I didn't appreciate you and all you are, for the times I was selfish and tried to make myself your priority, for the times I couldn't see all you've done for me, for the times my self-loathing wouldn't let me believe your kind words, for the times I wasn't kind, for the times I ignored you, for the times I fought for no reason, for the times I wasn't there for you, for the times I put you aside, I'm sorry. You might not see it, you might not understand it, but I have regretted who I've been every day. It haunts me every night. I try to make changes and I always come back to this. I tried to be better for you. Instead I became worse. I always make the wrong decisions and it's clear there's no turning back. I'm a defective product and life doesn't have a recall policy. This is my best chance at saving you from me.

I'm sorry for not being stronger. I'm sorry I couldn't beat this. I'm sorry I couldn't fight this monster.

But I do hope at times I made you laugh. I hope you remember the times I was strong for you. I hope you remember the lessons I tried to teach you. I hope you remember the meaningful conversations we had. I hope you remember the times you made me laugh. I hope the good times we had will carry on with you. I hope when you think of me you think of who I was trying to be, who I wanted to be for you.

In another life I would have made you proud.

So please promise me something. Remember to laugh. Remember to cherish all of the little things. Remember to love with all of your heart at every turn. Be strong when things get hard. Be kind to those you love. Be kind to strangers who need it the most. Remember to be you. Do things for yourself. Take care of yourself. Surround yourself with people who love you. Celebrate all you've accomplished. Remember how bright, kind, beautiful, funny, sweet, thoughtful, and successful you are.

I know you'll go far in life. I'm sorry I won't be there to see it. But I know I'd be proud.

I'm sorry I wasn't stronger. I'm sorry I'm not who you thought I was, or who you wanted me to be.

Please be well. Please don't hate me, I never wanted that. I hope you forgive me. I hope you understand that I need this more than words can express. I hope you know I'm at peace.

I love you.