I'm awfully tiredI'm 21 now and I've been severely depressed since I was 14. I finished high school with extraordinarily good grades, but I couldn't cope at all with university. As it is, I'm just at home, burdening people around me. I feel bad about it, even though my parents don't really seem to mind. I take art commissions, but it's not like I'm doing all that well, in large part because I'm too tired or depressed to work a lot. 
I used to get really frustrated when people told me I'd get better with time, because I could feel that I was experiencing something abnormal right away, and it didn't feel like it would get better with time. They said therapy would help, and after 3 years, it didn't. They said growing up would help, and it didn't. They said medication would help, but the difference it makes isn't enough for me to be anywhere close to normal. They said stationary treatment would help, and it didn't. I guess I'm just broken in some deep fundamental way, malfunctioning. 
I may be autistic, but I was never diagnosed. I only have 2 friends, I  always wanted to make more, but it seems I was just wrong and people could tell. After habitually isolating myself because I had given up on fitting in in high school, when I tried to go to university, I tried really hard to fit in, the philosophy student body claimed to be really welcoming and I mean they were great people, but I just couldn't do it, I just got hit over the head witb the anxiety club. It's been 8 months since I dropped out and I'm still sad that I couldn't get any of those people to like me. Do other people ever get really attached to the idea of making friends with people and then utterly fail to enage in normal social interactions at all? Probably not. 
I guess the biggest thing keeping me here are my mom and my closest friend's feelings. My brother I feel could cope with anything, my dad is a great person but he also contributed in a big way to where I am, so to be honest I dont feel as bad about hurting him. My mom really doesn't deserve it though, and my friend doesn't either. I guess the problem is that i dont know that i can hang in forever for other people, especially not when i feel like they truly would be better off without me even if it would hurt them.
I used to injure myself a lot and I've basically stopped, I don't know but I felt like I didn't have the right to do that after I made a suicide attempt in 2018. I failed largely because I misplanned things, and was also dissociated beyond belief, but after 3 days in hospital I just felt like I don't know, like if people knew I hurt myself again that would frighten my family so much and it would be unethical to do after that, like i had forfeited my right to that vice. I've done it a few times since, but not severely, and very rarely. I bring it up though because I'm in so much temptation. I dont even know why I want to do it, I guess it's because I'm human trash and it's just wrong for me to get to be physically uninjured.
I try really hard to be a good person, I try to brighten people's days, bring them gifts, be there for them, I'm trying to make up for how awful I know I am in some capacity, but my flailing efforts at being "good" can never make up for that. 
It's just hard knowing that I won't get better. I mean, I just don't know how I would at this point, I really do believe I'm just a defective person. I don't know what to do with myself. I know rationally that I shouldn't be, but I'm terrified of dying, on the other hand I feel I just have no right to be alive and burden everyone like I do. If you got this far, thanks for reading. I just needed to be completely honest somewhere.