How could a voluntary commitment affect my life in the future?I don't know what to do in my life anymore. 

I've been failing out if school for the last two years wasting my parents money. 
I fucked up my whole career path. I was supposed to be a doctor, but I blew it all my junior year, but it probably doesn't matter because it took me 4 years to get here, and if everything went well this semester I was probably looking at another three years anyway. So at this rate as long as undergrad and med school should have taken, I'll be lucky to have a bachelor's.
 
Everyone expects this from me too. I've told my friends about the pressure I'm feeling, how I'm failing, and want to do something different but they don't support it and make jokes about how cool it will be to have a doctor friend. Family members keep sending me info about med and vet schools near them I should apply to. My parents invested so much money in me and I've failed them. I tried talking to them about it, and that I don't think I can do it. They say it's okay but I don't think they mean it. My dad gets mad and tells me I should just give up on school completely because I'm not good enough for it. I can tell my mom is disappointed. 

This was the semester I was supposed to pull it together but I couldn't do it. I've been so depressed for so long, I just couldn't deal with it anymore. I don't have it in me to get out of bed anymore. I haven't been interested in anything for a long time, and now doing things is torture. I don't know how to tell them I failed. 

A few months ago I told my closest (were not even close) friend, and my parents and sister I need help, and need help getting help. My friend told me I can do it, my mom said to find a counselor, my sister compared it to her and her new junkie fling and went on about that for the rest of our visit, and my dad told me to give up if I don't want to try. 

It took a lot but I finally reached out to a professor and she gave me the number for a school counselor. She told me she can't really help me, and would recommend some other people to talk to. Her job is just helping students find counselors. I felt so defeated when I left. Actually getting to that appointment was mentally exhausting, and then to be told "sorry I can't help you" fucking sucked. 

I figure I have three options right now. 
1. Keep doing what I'm doing for whoever long it will last 
2. Pack everything up and move away from my friends and family. Get a job and work to pay my parents back all of the money they wasted on me. 
3. Kill myself. 

Option three is the one I want to do least, but makes the most sense. Options one and two aren't realistic or sustainable. Option three would free me from my problems. Ive been on the fence for years, so I'll probably end up doing it one day eventually. I don't see the point in waiting anymore, I'm so stressed and miserable why keep doing this for a few more years? I have a way to do it, but I just don't know where I would do it. I don't want my family to know. I'd rather then think I just skipped town and am MIA somewhere. My family is one of the biggest things holding me back. Also I want to get rid of as many belongings as I can to make it easier for them. I've already rehomed my pets. 

The absolute biggest thing holding me back is fucking desperately clinging to hope one day I won't feel like this. I'm 99% sure I won't ever not feel this way, but I want to feel good so badly. I want to get help. I want to be functional again. I'm scared though getting help will mark me for the rest of my life, following me in background checks and such. What's the point of getting help if you can't do anything anyway. 