Cutted my wrists last nightIm now in a psychiatry, ive tried serveral times to kill myself.

If you have klinefelter plus living in a western feminized society where people put their emotions over brutal honest rational logical thinking, then youre really fucked and i mean really fucked.

Ive tried to castrate myself serveral times (didnt worked), im at a point life where i just want to give up.

Im absolutely undesireable to the opposite sex, if you say something in our todays society, you get answers like "there someone for everyone out there".

most humans are to narcissistic to accept their trur nature, humans are actually nothing else than animals who walk on 2 feet, humans ARENT individuals, human behaviour is primitive and easy to classify in a big collective, we are not complex individual modern beings, funnywise most people doesnt even know that our dna code never changed since the beginning of mankind. 

Our society is basically nothing else than a big hypocrisy...

It is senseless to live as a klinefelter male, you will only experience frustration through being selected out by men and especially women. 

A ugly non-masculine man is getting called a perv, often alone for only having frontal baldness, while a masculine man will be seen as charming and sensual for flipping over his arm on a girl.

I dont want to be a closed "nice" relationship guy while other men already had 30 girls at the age of 18, either youre the one whos getting loads of ons and casual sex, or youre the one who getting exploited by girls by giving them your time as a male for going out with them for shopping, buying them diner etc.

I will never be a sexual satisfication for the women, my body is unmasculine and ugly. But you know what? I would even fucking accept it, but only with getting a legal castration, but no, our society doesnt care about unattractive low class males. So i even tried to castrate myself.

sex is a basic human need just like water, you cant ignore it or turn it off, so either you are genetically blessed to live it out or you are naturally selected out like me, but in the 2nd case theres no help you will get from society, i dont get it why men like have to torture themselves. I dont want to socialize or getting a job etc. i want a peacefully isolated life without any sex drives etc. plus never getting in the near of women, since they have zero empathy for unmasculine men. My other plan was getting a 100k credit for serveral re-masculinization surgeries, but sadly thats most likely not possible...

Natural selection dictates our way of life, nothing else...

I want to live a life as a full masculine male or a life as a isolated but still peacefully and happy guy NOTHING INBETWEEN 