The world hates all of us, and I hate it right back.It was about six months ago that I first seriously considered killing myself. I've devoted my entire life to service. I served in my church growing up. I served a grueling two year volunteer mission. Now I serve in the military. My Christian background taught me that the key to happiness was obeying God and serving others. To find happiness, seek to make others happy. 
You're unhappy? Just serve harder. Give more of yourself. Give all of yourself. I've given my entire damn life and you know what? Every fucking moment of my life I wish I could just not feel anymore, because all I feel is loneliness and pain. 
I've held on this long because I've seen what suicide does to loved ones and I don't want to do that to my siblings, but I'm just not willing to live an entire life this way. 
A few days ago I said fuck it, before I kill myself I may as well see if there's something I haven't tried yet that will make me feel happy. So I threw my promises to God away and went out and got black out drunk and fucked a prostitute. Now I just feel worse. 
Last night I went to a lake near my house to end it. It has a nice view is all. It would be nice to die in a place like that. I had my gun strapped to my hip, it's easy to conceal, 9mm. But you know, after a few hours I realized something.
Maybe I've been wrong this whole time. Maybe people aren't meant to be happy. Maybe my expectations are just too high. I'm thinking now that existence is pain, and happiness comes into our lives only often enough to convince us to suffer more while we wait to feel it again, like some twisted drug. So fuck this world. Fuck this world where the only thing it seems that can give you any protection from pain is control, and power, not selflessness. 
So I'm not killing myself just yet. There are still options I haven't explored, so I have some hope. But when those options are exhausted it's fucking over. And in the meantime, I'm turning into a right hateful person. At least anger is a fucking break from the sadness. Fuck. 