Here's why I'm killing myselfI did post here a few times. But I never actually stated the real genuine reason why I tried to kill myself the other day (the "goodbye" post) and why I will be attempting time and time again until I get it right. 

The only problem is I don't want to hurt my family. That's my only problem and also the fact that I don't have access to a firearm but I can just hang myself. 

If you look at my post history you will see the main reason. I'm a closet lesbian and I will always be one. Don't get it twisted though; I will never come out of the closet because I don't want to. I hate being gay as much as people hate pedophiles. I will never ever act on my feelings again (I have before) and will continue to keep quiet until I die. Naturally or otherwise. 

If you're overly sensitive about homophobia turn away don't annoy me with your activist bullshit because I don't want to hear it. 

I have known I was gay from a young age but I was in denial. Until I was in my teens then I admitted to myself that I'm gay because I thought it was okay. I thought it was okay to feel these things. But it's not nor will it ever be. So the reason why my life is screwed up is because of me. All of this is my fault. If I didn't let myself feel these things thinking that its okay, I wouldn't be in this mess. 

I have only met two people (on here) who feel the same as me. But that's it. From other gays and straights I get "its okay, accept it" or "there's nothing wrong with it" blah blah. 

**NO**

Stop being so fucking dense. I don't give a fuck if other people are gay. I don't care about what people do with their lives. I don't. Be gay and happy. I don't give a fucking shit. 

But I don't want to be gay. *I* dont want to. 

I'm sick of other people not fucking listening to me, what I have to say and how being gay affects *me* and *my* life. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of people generalizing me with other gays. We are not the same. Just because one gay person is okay, doesnt mean I will be. I'm also sick of people debunking everything I say as "but you can just do this and that's similar to what straight people do. Stop whining". Both from gays and straights, neither have ever helped me. 

I have a boyfriend. I have had plenty of boyfriends, not because I like it. Everyone thinks and knows I'm straight and that makes me happy. I have had sex with 2 guys (very brief sex). As soon as shit gets serious, I bail on them. And do I feel bad? Yes. Because that's what I am; a horrible person all because of this disease. And mind you, I don't go after the nice guys, I turn them down so I don't hurt them. I normally just date assholes because we don't care about each other. 

And my life is actually okay otherwise. I'm smart and successful. But this one reason ruins my whole entire life. It squashes all my Hopes and dreams and fucks me up completely. I'm a worthless, selfish and broken human being and there is nothing that can change that. 

I'm not going to get into why I hate being gay because I know exactly what people are going to reply with because people are fucking dense, so I'm not going to bother. 

I have tried to get the gay fucked out of me, will be visiting a pastor soon and hopefully will undergo reparative therapy. And I'm not even religious in the slightest. I am excited because I could feel what normal people would feel. But if that doesn't work, I'll continue to live as a heterosexual until I die. 

I don't want to be gay. I don't want anyone to know. I don't ever want to act on my mental illness. 

