I feel silly doing this but it doesn't hurt to talk, right?To start off I'm not going to commit suicide. I've had many thoughts of it in the past (sometimes more then others) but I've always come to the conclusion that I'm a chicken for pain, which isn't true but I know I don't have the guts to go through with it.

Now I haven't gone to the doctors but I have all the signs of bipolar. The high highs that make you feel super happy and hyper and your on cloud nine! And the low lows that make you feel like everything that did make you happy isn't worth it and everything is pointless. Oh and moods that ANYTHING can set me off. These mood swings happen everyday at any given time. I could be happy one min and the next I'm fighting to not yell and scream and punch someone for no reason at all! It's horrible! I use to be A LOT worse but I've been learning slowly to help myself. That's a reason why I don't want to go to the doctors. Because all the work I've done to help myself will go down the drain if I go on medication. Oh and substance abuse runs in my family so I really don't want to chance that! And I know people say that its all will power for that but who would really want to chance it? Not me!

Lately everyone around me has been saying hurtful things that just make me upset like "no one wants you" and "why don't you just leave?" and "Everyone hates you anyways". More hurtful things were said then that but I would really rather not go into them. And I know, deep down, these things aren't true but the people saying them are close to me such as my mom. Isn't you mom suppose to be a role model? Why wouldn't she act like that?

I really know all these things aren't true because I'm not a bad looking girl. 20, 5'4", Brown hair, 121 lbs, has curves, white but i have a nice tan (not tanning-salon-orange), green eyes, I never smoked cigarets so I actually look younger for my age. I've never had a problem getting a guy...unless you count one huge problem! I got diagnose with HSV 1 (genital) at the age of about 16. He was only the second guy I slept with and he had it and never told me. Then, because I was naive, he blamed it on me and I just took the blame! So here comes the problem, I promised myself that if I ever plan to have sex with someone I have to tell them so I don't screw anyone over like he did to me. Now it still is a sore subject to me and it does weed out people that don't want something serious but some really good people just drop me as soon as they know I have what I have. It's really frustrating. 

I guess I'm just writing, not to get comments or attention but just to get it out there. Just to get it off my chest. There are many things that have happened in my life that were bad but those are much more personal. These are just the things bugging me lately. I hope that someone at least sees this and thinks "well at least I don't have HSV and have to be in her shoes! It could be worse!" that would make me happy. Just to have someone realize that they're life is good because they're std free or something similar. Enjoy it and I'll be happy for you. :)

~Thanks for reading &lt;3