Frustrated over how difficult it is to find good information on the subject!I have decided to end my life.  
I would like to die peacfully and without pain.  
Most importantly, I would like to ensure it is not a botched suicide that leaves me braindamaged and helpless. I would prefer not to die violently.  
I am currently planning my passing and writing letters to my family. 

Currently I am planning to park my pickup truck inside a closed container I have access to, make the pickup bed as cozy as I can with a mattress, some covers, take some Zopiclone to help me sleep, leaving the car running and holding my boys teddies pretending it's them while looking at their pictures as I fall asleep listening to the songs I sing to help *them* sleep. If I could drift off under those conditions I think it would be a relatively happy way to go.

But I am afraid that the CO levels wouldnt climb high enough.  
I am afraid the car would eventually run out of gas, stop and the air would eventually clear.  
My container is secluded enough that I would be unlikely to be discovered for a few days - even if it would leak exhaust. But it would be a terrible nightmare to have to wake up there or in a hospital having been unsuccessful. I am fairly sure the CO levels would be enough to damage me severely - but I can not be certain it would *kill* me for sure. So I am hesitant and I would prefer another way.

I have unsuccessfully been trying to get heroin.  
That would also allow me to fall asleep under the conditions I would like.  
But again - I do not use drugs and I do not know anyone who does. I also live in a country where heavy drugs are very actively sought out by the police so whoever has these drugs are very hard to find.  
In addition, I understand that a too low dose would just result in a high and too high would result in violent spasms and pain untill death. So I might have to find someone to teach me to avoid errors that'll end up in a botch.

Even with a gun or a high jump I'm afraid I'd survive and only succeed in becoming helpless in my own body. Same with a car. I'm afraid I'd survive, suffer or hurt someone else. I really would prefer to avoid a violent method anyway.

While researching I get so frustrated with how taboo this topic is. How determined people are to restrict this information. People who have no right to decide on my behalf that I have to choose a degrading and violent way to die. I just need a "safe" and peaceful end. I intend to be wearing diapers and leave a delayed message somehow to the emergency services so that there will be no mess, no fuss and I won't be found by a family member. I can send a delayed message to a friend and have him call the services with my location.

I know this is not a place one go to find alternatives. I'm just ventilating, in a way.  
There's not even anyone to talk to anonymously. I get spammed by ads for help phones and suicide prevention hotlines while researching - people just waiting to get your information so that they can invade your life and make it even more unbearable.  
One thing I *was* hoping to get out of this post is some way to deliver my letter or tape to my children years from now. I would like to leave behind some "passing wisdom" from their old man, pass on what I have learned and what to watch out for, explain who I was and tell them how much I love them and how sorry I am that I can't handle loosing them, but they're too young now. They wouldnt comprehend in any meaningfull way. It would obviously be nothing but positive and hopefully give them some closure and answers. But I dont know how to ensure something like that get's to them, undisturbed and securely.

I am not a young man.  
I am not acting out of impulsive passion.  
I have been depressed for many years and I have worked hard the last few years to break my patterns and improve my life. I have recently educated myself formally to work in a field I love. To my surprise I found that I am well disciplined at study and I'm working very hard at my new job and doing well. I've climbed a long way and was starting to feel like I saw the light at the end of the tunnel only to have everything collapse entirely leaving me in a worse state than I've ever been. I've handled alot in my life. I'm good at suppressing my problems, straightening my back and keep moving forward. I know enough about hardship to know that what's ahead will be the toughest, most difficult emotional hardship I've ever endoured and I just don't want to have to handle it anymore. I've had enough. I don't have the energy anymore.

I just want to dream about my beautiful boys and fade to black.

&amp;#x200B;

And my poor old mom. She lost her own mother to suicide. I know I'm a terrible person for doing this to them. I just have to find the best possible words to comfort everyone. If you experienced someone suiciding I would greatly appreciate any suggestions on how to make this as easy as possible on them.

I am currently writing letters, but I have been thinking about filming myself talking instead. Maybe it would be easier for them if they saw me talking, smiling and laughing while talking about how i'm feeling and reminiscing. Then they could possibly watch it whenever they miss me and take some comfort out of that. Currently noone knows what's in the works. I'm going on as if nothing is going on and I expect it will take a few weeks untill I'm ready.

This went on for longer than I intended, but it felt good in a way.