Everyone always leaves, what's the point?I'm a 19 year old girl, I got pregnant when I was 14 because I thought I would never be lonely and I would always have someone to love and care for. I now have a 4 year old, and I have no fucking idea what I'm doing. I used to be an awesome mom, now I'm just depressed and she goes and stays with her grandparents far more often than a child should. I get attached to people way too quickly, and it always ends up badly. Most recently, I moved into an apartment and my neighbor and I started seeing eachother. We agreed on no relationship but we were both each other's best friend. I would see him multiple times a day. He moved this weekend, and I miss him so much it's making me sick. He has also decided that it's getting too intense for him and he doesn't want to hurt me. I've realized it's way too fucking late for that. Every time I go outside I see his truck isn't there, the light in his old room isn't on, and it's never, ever going to be the same again. I will never get to go down there and sneak into bed with him to cuddle when there's a storm, I'll never get to go smoke before I have to go to work, we'll never laugh in the bathroom as we brush our teeth and make funny faces at eachother. I love him so much. He says he "has love for me" and I understand it's not the same as what I have for him. It's devastating. He is literally my only friend, the only person I have hung out with in months. I'm not good at making friends, and I kicked my best friend out of my apartment so we no longer talk. He is all that I have.
So he moves and now I'm left here by myself, with my daughter occasionally. I feel like a shit mom, I KNOW I'm a shit mom, I get agitated with her way too easily, I'm afraid I'm not fun enough and I get bored, and depressed. Also, he tells me this girl might be moving in with him, she has a boyfriend though. I don't believe anything would happen between them, it still makes my stomach sink to think about. He would have a new best friend, I wouldn't be needed.
I am so sad, I don't even know what to do. My life up to this point has been a huge failure. It's like a canvas, and I'm trying desperately to paint a beautiful picture but instead of a brush, I have a knife and every bad decision is another stroke, slicing the canvas and causing a huge, ugly, tattered mess. Nothing I can do will fix it, I can try to repair it but every mark will still be visible.
I'm not in school, I work a crappy part time dead end job. I have no plans. My life is going no where. My former neighbor gave me hope, he is so smart and he motivates me to be a better person. But he says that I can't depend on him for my happiness. I know he is right. So we can't hang out as much anymore. I've never been happy. I don't even know what would make me happy, it seems like nothing would. I feel like life is hopeless. In 100 years, no one is going to give a fuck what I did. No one is going to know my name, and no one is going to care if I was happy or sad. It just won't matter, why does it matter now? I realize that I have a child, and that she does depend on me. It scares me so much, I just feel like I can't be everything that she needs. I feel so stupid for ever thinking of getting pregnant. I don't resent my daughter at all, but I do feel like I am stuck since I had her. I'm afraid I will never find someone to love me and care about me, I'm afraid that if I do I will be betrayed and end up even more hurt than I already have been. But if I don't ever find anyone, I will be lonely. I am so scared of being lonely. That is my worst fear. I'm so lonely already, I've always been lonely. I'm tired of it, and I don't see the point in life anymore. I don't want to go on, only to be disappointed and alone every time I turn around.

I hate hearing "everything is going to be okay" and "life is worth living" because it's NOT okay, it's never been okay and I have a hard time believing it ever will be. I understand that life is worth living, that's why I'm still here. I have to be for my daughter, it doesn't mean I want to be. I could just end things now, I would never know...I'd just be dead, I wouldn't have to care about anything ever again. I would just cease to exist, here...sad, lonely, hurt, broken. then just gone, never to feel anything again. Why wouldn't I want that?? That's exactly what I do want. I'm just so worn out from always trying overcome this persistent sadness that's been dragging me down for years and years. I just want to be done.