Life After SuicideI don't have plans to kill myself today but as I've found before, that could always change in a moment. Anyways though, on October 19th, 2014 (8 days after my birthday and 1 day after my wife's or what would be a happy time in most people's lives), I had plans to slit both wrists in the bathtub and then my neck right after that. Instead, some strange stuff happened which distracted me after I slit the first wrist and then I noticed the extreme pain in my wrist that changed my thought from my distraction to my wrist again. I felt a rushing burning fire feeling that I later found to be what it feels like it you split a vein open. I had that in 4 areas on this one wrist because I cut 4 veins.  I also felt a different kind of pain in this wrist that I think was the broken skin. Not only that but the pain that was far worse than that was the pain in my chest. I could hear and feel my heart beating and each beat literally hurt and my chest felt like a car was parked on it or something. A moment or so later, I felt complete numbness and an honestly peaceful feeling and everything around me seemed just right and pretty amazing and then I had this sort of I can't really describe it but in a matter of moments, I saw the lights go out for me. Everything was black. Coming back from this was even more so painful in my chest and felt like I was maybe having a heart attack or something and then I was left with weeks of pain and this burning feeling. Now I'm left with a giant and very obvious scar on my left wrist. A month or so went by afterwards with this same feeling of depression and seemed to just be a really long peaking point or something but I tried again the next week on some day I don't remember but it was a really not so much attempt because I tried cutting into the same wound since my veins were already open but yeah, oww..I stopped and haven't attempted since.

Now though, I'm stuck with a different form of depression or what I'm assuming is depression. I don't feel like actually going forth with a suicide attempt but the thoughts are almost always present in my mind. I have this pure almost emptiness feeling inside of me though and have had it for at least 2 and 1/2 months now. It might be because I'm stuck in Delaware  (I'm here for work and from Illinois ) and literally don't know another person beyond my wife here so I'm stuck visiting the same 3 or 4 websites every single day. Just imagine how old that. I'm still stuck in the same position I was in and the same life and same issues I had before I attempted suicide but the only difference is something seems to have just changed in my mind where I literally have no will or motivation to do anything. I literally lay in bed nearly all day and when I get bored of the Internet, I find myself starring at the ceiling or walls thinking and day dreaming as well as thinking about hanging myself (hanging myself would never happen..I'm 6'8" and just too damn tall). Idk..I just feel like I'm in a rut I can't climb out of. Things aren't getting better at all and some days still get worse but it's like nothing effects me anymore and I just don't feel anything. I'd love to go into detail on all of the things going on in my life that make everything seem not worth it but again, I don't feel motivated and not even enough to type that all out.  Idk..any suggestions on climbing from this rut I'm stuck in? It's better being in this rut than the one where I hurt internally every single day but no feeling at all also sucks quite a LOT.