I just want to say thank you, Reddit.I know I've never posted here before. I know I'm supposed to ask for help before making a bad decision. But I just have my mind made up. 

I lost my job. Every guy that's entered my life has used me for sex. I can't make my parents proud or happy. I'm failing school. I just give up. 

Everyone has bad days. Some even weeks. Well I've had bad years. I've had a record of three years of doing nothing but fucking up my life. 

I want to tell you about me. 



My name is Jordyn. I'm 4'11", I weigh 118lbs. I'm twenty one years old. I graduated high school with high school with honors. During this time, I dated an amazing boy named Chris. He was the love of my life. After we broke up and I graduated, my life started spiraling out of control. 

I became a girl who looked for love with guys who only wanted lust. I found comfort in a cocktail waitress job and that became my safe haven. I then found a boyfriend, who I'm almost positive cheated on me. My parents and I never had a great relationship, but once I moved out and in with my new boyfriend Alex, it started improving. However, our relationship started declining and fast. I took comfort from my friend Tanner, who would talk to me and kept me partially sane. 

Community college came and went, with my gpa not up to standards for my parents or myself. So I started sinking myself more and more into my work. During this time I started lurking Reddit. It was my getaway. I could laugh and smile at the funny gifs or cat pictures and cringe at the grotesque things on WTF. It was amazing. So, I made an account.
 
I moved from home and went to a university. I started working at GameStop and loved every minute of it. My bosses were amazing and my coworkers were always keeping a smile on my face. My first big karma post came from there when I posted a picture from a midnight Halo launch. Life seemed to have been picking up. 
Then the thoughts started creeping back. How lonely I really was. How I couldn't afford a simple meal. My weight dropped, I started being neurotic and trying to find peace in cleaning. I had my fair share of roommate problems during this time and tried to deal with it. 

It then occurred to me that I didn't have real friends. Sure, I had people who would hang out with me, but usually when they had nothing better to do. I was okay with it for a while though. I wasn't happy. I could lie to myself, but I knew the truth. 

My first semester flew by and I stopped speaking to people. I just wanted to accept how alone I was. Guys came and went, my self esteem shattered and I just started giving up. But then, a small glimmer of hope happened. The owners of the bar had expanded one of their restaurants where I was living. I was ecstatic. I got to have my work family again. I even met a guy who seemed genuinely sweet, though I knew much better. I knew it wouldn't last. But then again, it was never a "thing" anyway. 

This is where things got dark for me. A week ago, a coworker took a picture of a kid wrapped in a rug. It was cute and I figured I'd take it from her Instagram and post it here. This is where my biggest post came from and I even made front page. Can you believe it? Front page! Then, I received a phone call a few days later. Somehow it got brought back to the restaurant. How, I don't know. There were no names, logos, locations, or anything named. But it was brought to my attention that I was losing my job over a simple photo.

I lost my job, as of today. I understand though, it could be for liability reasons and I'm not even mad at my employers. They had to do what's best. I just wish I could take back the damage I caused. With all of this stress and panic over losing the one job that paid my bills, my schoolwork started slipping. I managed to get two of my final projects and presentations turned in. But today, today was the day of my Ancient Art presentation. We had Monday, Wednesday, and today. I chose today and the class was cancelled. I just failed a class. My gpa just destroyed itself. I lost my mind. My mom started yelling at me about how I should've prepared sooner. She's right. I should have. But I didn't. 

Now, I'm wandering around town, in the rain, writing my story to you, Reddit. This place was the escape I needed. And my one escape cost me my job because I simply didn't think. 

This isn't a suicide note. This isn't goodbye. This is thank you. The thousands of Internet friends I never spoke to or met, this is for you. For causing circle jerks and making me read long stories that resulted in the Loch Ness monster. For the cat pictures, obnoxious atheists, Ameristrailia, and the GGG memes. 

Thank you. 