Life is fine, but I wanna die. And I don’t know whyAt school my life is fine. I’m fairly social, i get good grades and I have amazing friends. My life outside school is just as amazing. I’m excelling in everything i do (so I’m told) people always complement me on how talented I am in guitar and piano as well as in dance. I seem to be doing just fine. But as soon as I step foot in my room. Or when ever I’m all alone, I break down and cry, Every day. People don’t see it during the day but, my mind is constantly running with different reasons i should kill my self. I unfortunately do have certain way and time where I am planning to do it. I am extremely scared for the future. I feel I’m an inconvenience to my friends &amp; family especially my parents. I feel guilty for wasting my parents money and time. I feel ungrateful cause I wanna die but I have no good reason to. It’s weird seeing people appreciate you and want to be you when all you want to do is get out of your skin and strip yourself of everything that you are. I used to ease this pain by just writing suicide notes and reading it over and over till I forgot what I was doing ten minutes ago. Now to cope with my confusion i drink, it puts me at ease and i feel less pressure. I also been recently punching walls until my whole fist is in pain and turns purple. Wearing hoodies and makeup to cover them. 

To the few people I opened up to about this. They just told me to stay alive, your family and friends while miss you. It’s so hard to make a human being, you are special, for you to be exactly who you are now with the exact DNA makeup, on the day you were born is one in three hundred trillion (something like that)  . You matter. 
But what does  even fucking matter if i stay alive just one more day. No one knows what the fuck they’re doing they’re just bullshiting their way through life. We all try to find purpose in success in our passion (kids,arts, money...). But there is no use of it. What if I kill myself today and people empathize with me, but if I hadn’t the universe would kill me off (naturally) the next day. So I live one more day. What is it worth If I stayed alive just one more day. If i die my family and friends would be sad. But they’re strong people, at least stronger than me. They would get over me easily. We’re all gonna die, what difference does I make if I just end it earlier. 

I don’t know what I should do? What am I doing? What I want to get help but, for some weird reason I can’t. I feel like I’m fine and I’m complaining for no reason. Sometimes maybe this all just a test The universe gave me to go through alone. Like I always do.