I'm an addict(Context: 24yo male, has girlfriend, loving parents, no money problems, lives alone, throwaway account, compsci major)

Long post, deal with it.

I have a problem, now I understand that, I've been suffering from computer addition without even knowing it.

My job is at the computer, it always was.. I'm a Java programmer worked IT for some years, and now I'm working at some big shot company as a out-sourced consultant, not receiving a huge amount but just got a raise and not doing bad at all, just starting.

My problem is another, Every time I get home, I return to the computer, I play Heroes Of Newerth with some college friends through Skype, I've been playing for 2 years now (since beta), but most of the time solo, I play mostly Dwarf Fortress and other games, I go to the facebook, I see tons of links of reddit, rarely some off them make me smile, sometimes I watch porn, see youtube videos, go on 4chan, talk to my gf on skype, research things related to coding for my projects, work on my projects (lot's of unfinished ones) and other stuff.

I lose all my time there, burning my eyes to the point I'm getting floaters from the dryness it causes to them (I think),I forget to eat or drink, I plan on getting out and taking a walk/skating but I never get up until it's too late and sometimes go to bed at 1am to get up the next day at 6:30

I don't own a TV or a stereo.

My computer is my work, my entertainment, my newsfeed, my way of talking to my friends and girlfriend, my gaming, my teacher and sometimes my lover (porn). I just can't seem to stay away, and my social life is taking it's toll.

Can't seem to focus on new projects or finish the old ones, solutions just don't happen like they use to and yet I waste all my time trying to succeed, every day I go to bed making plans for the next day, but every day I do exactly as the previous and stall one full day.

I'm subscribed to /r/getmotivated and I've met my girlfriend through reddit but I never really did anything productive with reddit. Can't seem to engage in deep conversations with other users or get well known in a subject.

I'm an addict, a big looser, I was never good looking and lost most of my good life in front of a machine that I understand but have no affection for.

I'm thinking at killing myself at the age of 27 because I don't see a future in my adult life. There it is reddit, got it off my chest.