I can't take it anymore. I just want out.I'm tired of living. I don't want to do it anymore.

I've had depression and anxiety since I was young. It's a struggle. No matter how great my life is, there's always this sadness looming over me. The anxiety just makes it so much worse, because not only am I sad, but I'm lonely too. The depression and the anxiety are all very internal. I'm sad because of me and I'm anxious because I might fuck things up.

Enter 2012 and now suddenly we can top depression and anxiety off with PTSD. It's like the depression and anxiety except all external and about a hundred times worse. In addition to being anxious because I might fuck things up, I'm now anxious because someone else might fuck *me* up. I'm sad because I don't like myself, and I'm sad because people are awful.

In May it will have been four years since I started going downhill and it still feels like no one can help me. No one fucking takes me or my problems seriously, not even my therapist. Everyone treats me like I'm normal and like nothing happened. I'm expected to just keep functioning like a normal human being. Except I'm not.

I was raped. I have fucking PTSD, on top of depression and anxiety.

It's like no one gets that. No one understands. Especially not my family. Especially not the rest of society. And don't even get me started on the stigma that comes along with any mental illness, regardless of whether or not it was caused by **SOMEONE FUCKING RAPING YOU**.

I've taken to staying cooped up inside my apartment and avoiding everyone. I either dick around on the internet, play The Sims, or sleep all day. That's not even working anymore, because despite trying to stay on subs where I'm not likely to see things that are triggering, I still end up seeing [shit like this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Indiemakeupandmore/comments/414vzs/a_major_rant_about_insomnia_cosmetics/) where almost every single comment urging people to be more understanding and sympathetic to invisible illnesses is downvoted to oblivion.

I have to be reminded everywhere I go that there are so few people who understand what it's like to suffer. There are only people who will make me worse by telling me what I ought to be able to do even when I tell them that I can't. I just can't.

I can't live like this.