I’m tired and I can’t fix anythingI don’t know why but the only thing I can see myself living for is other people that I care about, yet I’ve managed to fuck up every relationship I’ve had that truly meant something to me.

One of the biggest relationships I have that I can think of was a toxic bond between a friend that I was stuck with due to how manipulative they were and how they pretty much isolated me from everyone else. They stole from me, sexually assaulted me, and her family created a disaster for mine. 

I’ve struggled with trusting since, after that I could just never find myself letting anyone into my personal life, but I have and trying to maintain relationships out of constant fear that they will either end or get bad drives me crazy.

I let someone in, my current boyfriend, and out of fear that he’s cheating or doesn’t love me I push him away, start fights, get paranoid for no reason because I can’t control my mind and I can’t brush off the possibility of something bad happening so I lash out.
One of the last fights I caused had me feeling like my mind was splitting in two because I was so conflicted over whether or not I wanted to fix things or just kill myself to stop the stress, I chose to try and fix things, I got better for a short while, I snapped again. I don’t know how I got better, I thought I found out how I did but nothing works anymore and I really think this is all I can take. 

I see nothing good in the future, I’m destructive, I can’t control myself, I hurt everyone that surrounds me, I have little to nothing left to hold onto. I’ve ruined my entire life, my grades went to shit because I let my mental state fuck me over because I denied that there was anything wrong with me, at the end of last month I dropped out of high school, I couldn’t keep up with my responsibilities and I’ve never had a job, i stopped talking to practically all of my friends many months ago, I can’t provide for myself and I don’t want to spend my life leeching off of others or drugged out of my mind just so I can function. I’m lost and I don’t know how to/if I can fix this.
