I'm stuck in an impossible situation, and I don't see any way out anymore. I just want to die, I need it to stop.I don’t know what to do any more, it feels like I’m stuck in an impossible situation. I spent so long standing on the edge of a platform, waiting to step off. It took five trains to go past before I stepped away, and honestly… I *really* regret doing so. I can’t do this any more, but I know if I were to kill myself, I would utterly destroy someone I love so much, and I can’t do that. But at the same time, I can’t continue in my current situation, and I don’t see any way out.

I’m homeless, financially screwed, going through some kind of psychotic illness, possibly about to be forced to drop out of university, and I’m having trouble obtaining the medication I require to feel like myself. I’m terrified; I’ve never felt this out of control before, and I don’t see any way out.

I was made homeless because I was forced to take medical leave from university, and was no longer able to obtain accommodation. I stayed with my parents for awhile, but the situation there became unbearable, and my stepfather eventually decided to kick me out without warning. Thankfully after threatening legal action, I managed to get emergency accommodation from the local council. But that’s only temporary, and I have no idea if they are going to offer me somewhere permanent or kick me out.

I really need to move out of the place I’m staying; I do not have any cooking facilities, I feel unsafe there, and the constant threat of being kicked out is stressing me the fuck out. But my solicitor has recommended I don’t pressure the council, and honestly he’s kinda right; I have a place to live at the moment, and if I poke the council, I may find out the decision is to kick me out rather than offer me somewhere permanent.

I’m also not sure what on earth to do about my finances. At this point, I’m about £150 away from hitting my overdraft limit. With the amount I have to spend on food and travel, that’s not going to last long. I do get Disabled Living Allowance and Employment and Support Allowance, but they are only really delaying the inevitable.

Also I’m having to take hormones to keep myself sane (I’m a transwomen), which I’m having to purchase for about £100 a month. Unsurprisingly, I can’t afford that in the slightest, but stopping is not *remotely* an option either. I had really been counting on the Charing Cross Gender Identity Clinic (who I’ve waited to get an appointment with for an *entire year*) offering to prescribe them, but instead they decided to delay it until after a second assessment and psych review.

When I brought up the fact that I was self-medicating, and that the General Medical Council’s advice is to prescribe hormones in the interim, they decided to offer me a blocker which doesn’t actually block testosterone. Honestly, it’d have been less painful if they’d just thrown salt in my eyes and smashed my head against the table.

I’ve also been going through some kind of psychotic illness, which ended up getting me involved with the local Community Mental Health Team. But they don’t seem interested in listening, and they seem completely unaware of half the symptoms I’ve been going through, or don’t believe they are as bad as I have said. The only symptom they seem to be focusing on is the voices I hear, which isn’t *anywhere near* the worst thing happening to me. I’ve had some severe delusions in the past, which have ended up putting me in quite a few dangerous situations, and have quite frankly scared the hell out of me and my friends.

But rather than listening to me, the CMHT diagnosed me almost immediately with Borderline Personality Disorder, which based on the diagnostic criteria, is *way* off from what’s actually happening to me. I’m convinced they jumped to that diagnosis the instant I mentioned I was trans, as their line of questioning changed quite significantly when that was brought up. I’m also very aware that the NHS has frequently misdiagnosed BPD on trans patients before, to the point where it’s actually laughable.

I’m not sure how I’m meant to fix my mental health when the people that are meant to help aren’t listening to me, and being beyond useless. I also can’t fix my living or financial situation without their help either.

As I said before, I’m currently on medical leave from university. To return, I need to be medically cleared by my GP, which at the moment, looks extremely unlikely. If I *could* return to university, my student loan would quickly recover my finances, and my living situation would largely be fixed. But as I say, that’s not exactly likely to happen. And even if it did, I’m not convinced I’m actually mentally stable enough to finish my degree; concentration is extremely hard at the moment, and stress makes my psychosis massively worse.

So yeah; I’m screwed in every single way, and don’t see a way out. I can’t live in this situation any more, and it’s just going to get worse. I have to pass through London tomorrow, and I’m somehow not convinced I’m going to make it to the other side alive. I’ve been fighting for so long, and I’m so tired. I can’t do this any more, and I know it’s wrong, but I need it to stop now.

I just want this to end.