I can’t take it anymoreI just can’t keep going through this!!! When I was 3 years old my mom became wrapped up in a bullshit conspiracy and neglected me so I now have attachment issues had really bad ocd all my life however when I was In 4th grade it got so bad to the point where I couldn’t leave my house. I was stuck inside until last year where my ocd started getting better. I am now a high school sophomore. When my ocd started getting better, for once in my life believed things would get better. I went to school and was just so confused by everything bc I had talked to nobody but my family and 2 friends on Xbox for years. Despite the situation I was extremely happy to be in the outside world. In September I made a friend, by October she got fed up with me, in November I made friends they all got sick of me in December and they continued to fuck with my emotions until January, when they decided to just completely block me and they told everyone I sexually assaulted and hit them (nobody believed them thank god). In February One of my Xbox friends got a girlfriend who doesn’t like me so he stopped talking to me. When covid started in march I just wanted to die because I was gonna be trapped in a house again. These past few months have been so miserable for me. Being trapped inside has caused my ocd to relapse. I’m not able to go to public places because I get so jealous of seeing other people who get to be happy with their friends/family/lover. I was feeling like giving up in life and planning out my suicide around the end of October until my Xbox friend got covid and had to self quarantine. I couldn’t just leave him in his time of need so I decided to wait a little longer for my suicide. During that time we met 2 other teenagers who were nice to me for the first time in a very long time treated me like equals. But I feel like they are going to just leave me. It’s happened 3 times already and it’ll happen again It’s already starting too happen. I’ve brought nothing but suffering to everybody. My ocd prevented my brother from having friends so he resents me. My mom had to give up on everything in order to take care of me. I bring nothing but pain and suffering wherever I go. I feel like I will never be able to accomplish any of my dreams. I’m just not good at anything I do. Even when I’ve been stuck inside a house for 6 years with nothing to do but play video games I still suck at them. I just don’t care about doing anything it’s all pointless and only there to keep my mind off the pain. I only pretend that I actually enjoy things just so I can have something to talk about. I tell people I lie a lot everything but the only person I ever lie to is myself. Sorry for just rambling