Xanax and my bedroom.This year, I stsrted college, excited and eager to have a new start on life.

Not when teo months after, not just college, bit everything went horrible.

I guess it started when the feeling of no matter how hard I studied, nothing helped. Tutoring didn't help either, and I spent countless mother's doing all nighters for what seems like unavoidable failure.

Next came the moments of abuse in my household. What seemed like something so small started into an abusive situation at me. Everything felt hostile and terrifying in there, and I'd keep myself to my room to keep away from it all.

Eventually, it became so much that I ran away from home. I ran to my father's house and of course, the members of my mother's house followed me there and all hell broke loose. 

I tried keeping a relationship with them alongside balancing college and the drastic changes but i couldn't. Eventually, I stopped even talking to them and felt the loneliest that I've ever been. This Don sprouted out into something even worse.

Eventually, something broke in me. I broke and freaked out, locking myself in the living room and staying layed on the couch, covering myself in my phone for days on end so that I didn't have to see anyone. I had to force myself to go out of that couch without freaking out and panicking. Any days that I could take off from college, I would, just for the sake of feeling safe and sane. I felt trapped within my own head. The days that I DID go were painful. I bumrushed to the train station looking only downwars at my own feet, and on the train, curling up and covering my vision. I had to force myself to to essentially anything, and everything felt uncomfortable and terrifying. 

Eventually, I just broke down. I couldn't find it anymore and I freaked out. I broke down screaming and crying, begging for it to be over. I had to be picked up and driven back to my mother's house. From them, I immediately locked myself into my room. Just getting off the bed was a terrifying ordeal. Seeing my therapist was a forceful ordeal as well, panicking and shaking all the way to him. It felt hopeless. 

Other than that, months pass and I'm here, still in my bedroom and only feeling worse and worse. I've upped my medication and I'm still in tears, begging for release. I live off of literally next to nothing but bagels, fast food, and water, and when then, i have to force myself to eat, let alone sit up.

My mind is all sorts of fucked up. I feel scared and like I'm slipping every second. I feel trapped and hopeless, no matter how much I want to be normal and try my hardest to go against everything that is thrown at me. I'm even afraid to sleep. Everything is just painful. I cut and cry but it only gets worse.

At this point, the idea of overdosing on my medication is a serious contemplation for me. I just this vicious cycle to stop. I want to be put out of my begging misery.