I'm so ugly, I can't take it anymoreAll this talk about body dysmorphic disorder by my therapist is just an excuse to explain my constant negative thoughts about my appearance. But in fact, I really am just hideous. Nobody around me will admit it, because they know I'm going to kill myself if they did. I can see around their lies. Everytime they can't think of anymore lies to deceive me, they try to argue with the good old "looks don't matter". But guess what, that is just not true. Not at all. There's a reason why I didn't belong to the popular kids in school, never had a girlfriend and now in college struggle to get taken seriously. Another point some people make to "comfort" me is, that people around me don't care what I look like, since they're too occupied with themselves all the time. While that is true, something about this argument is even more depressing for me. I WANT to be noticed. If I was good looking, people certainly would notice me, look at me and think of me while they pass by me. But they don't.

Here's why I'm ugly:
My nose is abnormaly large and deformed, I have droopy eyelids that always make me look sad or upset, my hairline is receding, my skin looks pale and sick, my face is puffy and round. I also look overweight with my clothes on, even though I'm actually on the leaner side, wear fitted clothing, am active and have a pretty healthy diet. 

I could accept the fact that I'm ugly and try to live on with my life. Get a job, a house, a car and be alone for the rest of my life. That's not what I want, however. My deepest wish is to have a family with kids. I want to be a better father than my father ever was. Be a better husband than he ever was. I want to tell my wife how much I love her all the time. Be there for her when she needs me. I also wan't to be there for my kids, watch them grow up, play with them and help them whenever and wherever they need me. I wan't to make the things right that my own father did wrong. And he did everything wrong. 

However this is something I will never achieve. Even if by a slight chance my appearance is not as bad as I constantly make it out to be, there's too much damage done to my self-esteem. For that fact I don't think I will ever be able to live a normal life. The reason I still want to live is something that is too far out of my reach.