Not sure what is wrong with me. Not sure if I want to fix myself.I wish I could fall asleep and never wake up. 

After showing my parents how I've made a life in a different country, I realized that I am not exactly living. I haven't been interested in meeting anyone new in years, don't get excited about learning new things, and just want to sleep or browse the internet. There is nothing that I look forward to now that I've shown that they've succeeded in raising someone that they are proud of. That thought hit me about a month ago, and I can't get it out of my mind.

Why are these thoughts there? I have an enviable job for a good company, I bought my own place, own my own car. I don't have a lot of money left over, but I also don't worry about it. My friends and I hang out as much as I want to. I might lead a lonely life, but I am just not attracted to being with anyone. Why am I so sad?

At first the suicidal thoughts were scaring me in that I would hurt myself and the people around me. My primary care doctor prescribed me celexa because I had used it in the past. I also met with a psychiatrist who upped my dose and seemed like she wanted to send me to intensive therapy, but I downplayed my condition because I was afraid it would interfere with my job. My psychologist has signed me up for cognitive behavior therapy with the first class tomorrow. I did not tell any of them the reason I was able to get out of bed each day was that I told myself I was going to kill myself at the end of last week.

I'm still here because my method of suicide did not go as planned during the trial run [my place still smells 3 days later], so I'm looking at alternate routes. So what do I do? If I live I need to go into therapy. I'm tempted to check myself into the emergency room. If I don't go to the hospital, I've rationalized that suicide will hurt the people around me, but it will fade. It did for me after my mom committed suicide. Also, I've written my suicide notes, printed out all my financial documents, and gone AWOL from work. I'm prepared to go either way.

I'm a broken person with the only thing keeping me going is my fear of hurting the people around me.

Thank you for listening.