Not Entirely Sure if This Belongs Here; Not Urgent.I have a very specific, oddly romanticized version of my death that I've become somewhat obsessed with for almost two years now. 

I see myself living alone in a small cabin in the Swiss Alps, in a quiet and minimally populated area, just outside of a small village. It's around Christmas now, and the village is decorated with pretty lights and ornaments. Families roam the streets, the children excited by the quickly approaching holiday, and I am as well, but for an entirely different reason. For me, Father Christmas bears the gift of sweet and final relief from misery. 

At this point, I have severed ties with all those who care about me. I am truly alone, and nobody would care enough to mourn for my death. I have no guilt nor any excuses to not strive for the thing I've always wanted. I am finally free to rest. 

On Christmas day, just as the sun is rising, I make my final departure from my humble home, shotgun in hand, and finally pause to overlook the quiet village. The children will be waking soon, with the fire of hope and excitement in their eyes, eager to tear open their presents. The final ember of my fire was extinguished long ago. Nothing can help me to rekindle it, and that is precisely why I am where I am. I am not bitter. I don't envy others for their happiness, nor do I have the energy to even be jealous of them. I see this as a simple retirement from life, which has worn me well beyond the point of salvation. 

The sun is beginning to rise now. I don't have much time before the families emerge. I take in the beauty of the landscape, the orange and bright hue of the rising sun, and in that moment I feel truly at peace. Everything is silent. Eyes closed, I place the shotgun in my mouth and pull the trigger. I am finally at rest. 

I don't really see where my life is headed. This is the only "happy" ending I see for myself, and I am very keen to make it a reality. I'm so fucking tired these days I don't want to do anything but just sleep. I would honestly rather realize this "dream" than even bother to try to make a life for myself. I want to feel reassured that there might be a better alternative, but this is the only goal that truly appeals to me. 

Sorry if this doesn't match the criteria of what's acceptable here. It was helpful to get some of this off my chest. 