I’m never going to be happy.Explaining my situation would take ages so I’ll try to summarize. My father, who my mother loved so much, broke her heart multiple times and left her a single mom with me. My grandpa helped to raise me until I turned 12, when he died. My mom has used me as the adult essentially, I have to bring her even the smallest things, like glasses of ice water and the remote when it’s out of her reach. She isn’t handicapped, she’s just lazy. When I was a kid she’d do this too, and she’d force me to take things to my grandpa even though he would always try to bail me out and stop her and do things for himself. Since he can’t protect me, she does what she wants. (I’m 21 now.). I can’t go to even female friends’ houses because she doesn’t trust other people’s driving and if she doesn’t know the person super well she doesn’t trust them. I was allowed to a friend of mines a couple times, and only for a couple hours, she came and picked me up even when I asked for more time. My best friend and love of my life lives with my mom and I, has for almost 3 years, but we’re never allowed alone in the house together (he’s a guy) and when we hang out she has to be in the room. (There’s so much more to all of this but this is the basis). I’m not even allowed to accept rides to work from my male coworker because I ‘shouldn’t be in a car with a guy alone.’ I don’t have my license or means of a car. I have to work part time because I take online classes and my mom doesn’t want me ‘overworking myself.’ She calls my bosses if they work me over 20 hours. I’m a laughing stock at work.  Now I’m on leave because of this virus, and I’m stuck with just her 24/7. I’ve been talking about marriage lately, as she doesn’t allowing dating in her house and so me and my best friend can’t have a label. She knows we’re in love and plan to marry. But I’m not allowed to make any plans. Today I asked to show her wedding dresses and she got mad at me, and asked me very disgusted why I’d want to look at them. I’m just so sick of my life. I have no freedom and she has me genuinely convinced I couldn’t live on my own. My bf and I have had to discuss how she can live with us when we’re married and raising a family, because I’m afraid of being on my own without her. Now I feel my only way out is dying. I’m too afraid to leave, and i dont know how i would survive.  I have no car, and not a well paying job. I’ve had chronic depression and anxiety since I was 12, and experienced a lot of suicidal thoughts and self harm. Lately the self harm has been worse and I’ve been genuinely considering suicide. It seems my only way out of this life. It’ll never get better. I thought it’d get better at 18, at 19, at 20, at 21. It’ll never get better. I might as well just die.