i want to die but i’m too scared to do it myselfi hate being bisexual in a homophobic family. i hate being in a family that judges everyone but doesn’t ignores their own issues. i hate they way my family uses gay as an insult and says the “f” slur. (i hate slurs) i hate the way my family yells at me when 
my family doesn’t believe in therapy or anything like it and think forcing information out of a person and trying to “help” them will work.
my family looks down on people who try to/do kill themselves and people who cut. if they found out i cut they’d probably force me into telling them why and i know they wouldn’t get me help. if i walk a certain way i get yelled at, if i talk a certain way i get yelled at, if i sigh i certain way i get yelled at. and yes, yelled. they all yell at me because i’m the youngest. im forced to be around them because i’m underaged. too young to move out, too young to drive, too young to get a full time job. i get yelled at for the type of music i listen to, literally. like they get mad at me, look at me as if i have three heads, and proceed to yell at me. if i told my family i was bisexual they would probably disown me or harm me. i hate being the different one in the family. i cant help the people i like or the other stuff i like. i wish i was never born this way. i wish i was never born at all. my family thinks gay people party all the time, sleep around, and live a sinful life. cause they must ALL live like that, cause that makes so much sense. i hate the way my family can see two guys holding hands and silently whisper “faggots” i hate they way they get mad when they see a masculine female or a feminine male. yes, they’re those people who literally get angry around people of the lgbt community. they’d get angry at me if they knew. i don’t want to disappoint them. they always look at me like i’m a disappointment if i saw i don’t like being around people or i like a certain of something. they’d be so disappointed in me. if i tried to kill my self and fail, they’d be disappointed in me. if i don’t get the normal career, they’d be disappointed in me. they’ve been disappointed in me for not having a girlfriend and not having guy friends. cause in your teenage years dating is just something that has to happen or else something’s wrong. i don’t want to date girls or guys anytime soon. i’m not ready. why’s that an issue. why am i such a disappointment. they love me, but they wouldn’t love the person i really am. the person i hide when im around them. i love them but i don’t like being around them.

i never talk to anyone about this because i could be in a worse situation. who am i to complain? i don’t want people’s sympathy and the whole “it’s gonna get better thing” i said that two years ago and things got so much fucking worse. maybe i’m just overreacting. maybe i’m just being a teenager, is being a teenager this soul wrenching? whatever, i’m even embarrassed to post this. 


i almost “accidentally slipped” off of a cliff in hopes of hitting my head on a tree or something dying. i almost swallowed a bottle of pills in hopes of dying. i almost suffocated myself in hopes of dying. recently i’ve been feeling so much worse about myself. i want to die but i’m too scared to do it myself. what if it doesn’t work? i don’t want pain either. but if death means pain, then so be it, i just want it all to end.