The letter that I have in my phone.If you found this then I’m not around anymore, and that’s okay. 

I have a couple of things to say to everyone. First of all this wasn’t a life that I chose to live. I wanted to do something cool with it, but that’s probably not going to happen. That’s okay. I just wanted to help animals, really. I’m pretty nihilistic but helping animals always made me feel great. They are innocents and deserve so much love. You know how nice it is to see a happy cow jumping through a field? A dog being adopted? Butterflies set free? That’s the best feeling in the world. If I’m honest I knew I wouldn’t make it past 30. Like, damn.. how many years do I need to suffer to find something good? Lots of people die without doing anything great. 

I’m really tired. So if I’m not around, I’m getting some much needed sleep. Also I would never give my password out unless I knew it was the end. Most likely nothing will happen, but you know.. I’m planning for it just in case. Like, I don’t even have a will. I just leave my phone unlocked so if it happens, there is some kind of peace there I hope. 

So if you’re reading this and I’m gone, please take care of my babies. They mean the absolute world to me. I think it’s easier to leave because they like the family so much. I know you guys shoo them away but they really do love you. So take care of them and they will love you so hard. Please feed them good quality food, and pet them a lot. 

To A, I love you and you already know that. You’re such a great older sister. You have so far to go. You are the best kind of person. And you’re creative a fuck! You don’t need dyed hair to be creative. You are so cool, too. I’m lucky to have had you in my life. 

To B, you’re a crazy bitch. I love you for it. No one has ever made me laugh harder than you. I forgive you for everything, every-time I see you, you bring up the past. We gotta let that shit go, you know? Live and let live my sister. Keep holding on, I’m so proud of you. You are talented, thoughtful... please always be kind to yourself for me. 

To C, my sweet and intelligent younger brother. You’re a manipulative, sweet, conniving little shit. Watch it. I adore you, but watch yourself. You get into so much trouble with that intelligent brain of yours. I can’t describe you, you are so unique to me. I know you fight your own demons. Always look towards the brightness. 

To my parents, thank you for trying and giving me a chance. I’m sorry that I sank so low down this hole and couldn’t get out. Thank you mom for always throwing me a lifeline. Thank you dad for supporting me. Dad and Mom I forgive you for everything, we just have to let it go. 

To D, I’m sorry I was such a shitty friend for so long, thank you for understanding that there were days when I couldn’t function. I love you like a sister and I was so lucky to have someone like you in my life. Like damn, you are such a great girl. Anyone who has you in their life is lucky as fuck. Please believe that. 

To E, the person who knows me the best out of most people. Damn my dude we’ve been through too much. I hope this gets back to you. I love you. You’re the best in every way. Keep doing your art, keep exploring music, keep striving for something bigger. You’re the only one holding yourself back. Remember what I would say to you when you’re struggling. 

To F, we found each other at a weird time. Thank you for holding me, trying to protect me and showing your pain to me. You’re cool. Your SJW attitude and personality, you’re gonna do something awesome I know it. You are smart, and you’re not ugly so stop fucking saying that. You’re such a catch. Please believe me. 

To G, I adored you. I imagined my life with you. I miss your stupid smile and your laugh. I miss your beard and your hair and watching cooking shows with you. I missed your commentary. I’m sorry that I broke up with you. I asked you and begged you to please treat me correctly. Please stop chastising me. Please stop saying you hate my music. Please stop insulting me. 

You never wished me happy birthday. I waited for it. Why didn’t you? You were my person for years. You took from me and tried to give what little you had left back, but it left me depleted. Still, I miss you. Please love yourself. 

I want you to known that that’s not why I’m gone. This pain has been in my essence for forever and you knew that. Not forever, but for the whole of my existence. That sounded pretty narcissistic but you know what I mean. You always knew what I meant. 

As for why I’m gone I’m not sure. I haven’t felt anything emotionally in years. The chronic physical pain thing must’ve taken a toll on me, too. I’m just tired. People say it gets better but it has never been good. I’m sorry. 


