Messed up irony   With my first (and last) thread I do not mean to disregard the work that is done in this sub, if anything I think it is a very noble enterprise you guys have been working and I'm glad such a space exists for everyone else. But,
   When a person decides to finish his life  there is nothing much that can be done or said to change his/her mind and, sadly, this is the case for me. I am resolved in committing suicide, have been resolved for some time now, I might add. Shameful as it might be perceived for the stranger kindly reading these lines, for the op its the only way to handle the pain I have caused myself and my close and beloved ones.
   Why haven't I, if so committed, killed myself? Well its not a matter of resolution but one of empathy. You see when I am dead I won't know, obviously, anything more than my ending and that will thankfully be it. Afterwards my friends and family will feel my fall, this I know, the horror and pain of “what could I have done?“ would follow. And that has been my setback. You see, I have been kept alive not for my supposed recovery from depression but for what it might mean for those who stay after my intentional death. After so much I dont have the heart to just dont give a fuck for how they might/will feel. That is the only decency I have left.
   
 Your first impulse will be, maybe, to try and save me, to change my mind. If so I am grateful for your reaction and know yourself that your heart is big, strong and brave so much as to embrace the condemned, for that, this meaningless pit of life as we call it lightens up enough to make it worthwhile. But, as it is, for me it isn't a reason to stay. Not now, not ever.  I have fucked up my life in ways I can't count, and my sins have no absolution, this I know as well.

  So, that being said, I want to stage my suicide as an accident. Some ideas have come to my mind these last few weeks but there are, as I think and scrutinize, always traces to my intention. Hence the irony of posting these words into the suicide watch. I need advice on the method of killing myself in order to spare my people the pain that comes after my resolution, making it appear as something that couldn't have been revoked by any intervention whatsoever. 
Know this: my end will come at my hand, your intelligence can serve to ease the pain the people I leave.I know it won't be, whatever way it comes, easy on them but yes, lighter than knowing why. If interested please pm me, or post in the thread your answers will be a blessing.
Excuse my brute use of english, it is not my first language but I did my best to communicate what is needed. Thank you for reading.


tl;dr	clever ways on staging ones suicide