I don't really care what my family would thinkThey're partially the reason I'm like this anyway. 

My concerns are more logistical, I don't want to inconvenience anyone who has to discover or clean up my dead body and I don't have the mental energy to come up with a plan with a good success rate. 

Mental energy is what I wish I had. All I could manage to do the last few weeks is lie in bed and drift off watching some random youtube clips. Can't even stay awake for the whole clip either.

4 years without a job or any real social contact, I'm really dead tired of being stuck in this limbo and at the same time I can't bring myself to care about it much. I feel like a fly in a spiderweb but for some reason the spider hasn't come around to eat me yet, so I'm just chilling in the web and it's real boring. 

I do kinda wish I could be like the people on the reddit front page cracking jokes and getting out there to take pics for r/EarthPorn and giving legal advice. I tried photography and drawing lessons and shit but I wasn't getting any better at it and it just made me feel like I was barking up the wrong tree. That reminds me that I have to sell my camera. I've been putting that off for weeks too.

I see my old college classmates getting married, advancing their careers, and I think their lives are pretty bullshit (I know what the industry is like and I never particularly wanted marriage) but I still hate the feeling of being behind. I never wanted to be in the game anyway, did anybody ask me if I wanted to be born? 

I regret my 20's being wasted without having no fun, having no experiences, trying to keep up with studies, being nervous and tired all the time. People say that's because I didn't try hard enough, but that's only partially true. The cards are stacked against you if you were born butt ass ugly into a family of nervous, penny-pinching, depressed people who forced me to do nothing but study day and night. I feel pathetic for letting my past shit influence me to this day, but even if I got over this it doesn't make my 20's come back. And really, it looks like all downhill from here - I'm gonna get older and uglier, my parents are gonna get older and get sick, I'll have more responsibilities and less opportunities for enjoyment. 

What's funniest about all this is that these years of wasting my life have been like 10 times happier than the years before when I was actually trying. Maybe I've achieved max happiness and don't know it yet.

