Not suicidal, my wife may be? Need advice...I don't know where else to reach out for help. I was going to call the suicide hotline in my locale, however I would probably be told to take my wife to emergency and nothing more. I just need advice and opinions as I do not know how to deal with this.

We have been together for 8 years. My wife tells me she suffers from depression, BPD, is bi-polar and I believe she is a narcissist. It took me years to start seeing patterns and the "real" her as she is very good at masking things - a master at hiding her feelings and thoughts. She does not know how to have a conversation about "life". Always says "I don't want to talk about it!".

We got in a fairly serious disagreement and she left for a few days. She came home a few days later (yesterday) and was in tears saying she felt suicidal and wanted to kill herself. I asked her if it was the fight we got in, or if something happened and of course she refused to answer "I don't want to talk about it!!" and just said she wanted to kill herself.

I let her sleep for the afternoon, made her a nice dinner and she seemed withdrawn but distraught. She said she wanted to go to sleep and went to bed. I was in another room watching TV and fell asleep. Went to the room she was in at 11pm and she looked like she was asleep so I turned off the light and went to sleep in the other room.

This morning I woke up, went to check on her at 9:30am and woke her up. She started crying and I asked what happened and she pointed to the bathroom. The tub was full of water and blood. It was dark, dark red. She poked a needle in an artery and tried to "drain" herself. She is a nurse, so knows exactly what to do.

Of course chaos ensued, I was very distraught. Never saw anything like that and it shocked me. Asked her why she did it, and she said it was because I didn't love her anymore (NOT TRUE, she knows I love her) and she wanted to see what happened if she poked herself.

Roll forward several hours and we are going through all her meds, anti-psychotics etc, and she is getting bitchy and indignant towards me. I wanted to take them away from her just in case she started trying to O.D. on pills. She thinks I am attacking her because I am trying to help her. She takes that as being attacked. Basically I told her that either she seeks help, and lets me help out too, or I am calling 911 and sending her to the hospital. She is mortified, and worried about the implications it would have on her nursing career if she was admitted to the hospital. OR, I called her bluff?

At the time I saw the tub, I was mortified. Horrified. This is a woman who I married, spent 8 years of my life with, stood behind through thick and thin, and she tries to kill herself. It was horrible to see. She is very difficult to be in a relationship with, but I stand by her because I love her, she has a good side to her, and I look at her as having severe issues, but that she is a human being and you don't give up on someone because of that. You stand by them and support them.

YET, she is back to her same old self. Bitchy, defensive, thinking "I" did something wrong.. acts like nothing happened and it was just a game to "see what would happen" if she drained herself of blood.

Have I been duped? One side of me says yes. She did it for attention or to "Get back at me" because of our fight. Another side says that this woman has issues, needs help, and is a human being. At the time I am writing this, 3 hours later, my feelings went from sympathy and wanting to help her.... to thinking "she just sucked me in" to this. Am I wrong for thinking that? I feel terrible for thinking that way of the woman I love, but my gut tells me this was just an attention grab, or a game to get back at me. Or to KEEP me as I suggested a few days ago I may leave if she doesn't change her ways.

I don't get it. Any thoughts or advice is appreciated. It is a WAY longer story than that, but at the time I was mortified. But now, as she is sleeping in another room, and because of her conduct after... I am thinking to myself "This woman just suckered me" for some reason.

Thanks Reddit for any insight. It is a complicated and difficult situation. She has a psychiatrist for an eating disorder but she does nothing more than throw pills at her.