Really need help and adviceThis is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. A little  backgground I'm right now a 25 year old extremly anxious and depressed male. I've always had bad luck with women, and when they come in my life I try everything not to lose them. I've even been often times questioning my sexuality. Maybe I try so hard with keeping people around because these women are my "beards" Idk. Some more background too is that I started at a 4 year college then took a year off, after having a mental breakdown and attempting suicide which resulted in a being placed in a pysch ward. A huge issue I have is saying no to people, and just in general being too nice. Also this is in New York.

Not that the background is out of the way. Basically a few years ago this whole nightmare started a few years back, I matched with this really pretty girl on Tinder. We talked for a little bit, and I ended up taking her on a couple dates. She gave me a blowjob (Which I didn't get hard for) and I went down on her. So that part about not gtting hard is one of the main reasons I'm  questioning myself. I don't get hard for girls, like i do but its not consistent. I come from a very conservative family so anything other than being straight is looked down upon. A few months later I got a phone call from her dad and literally my stomach dropped so far when he told me her daughter was underage (15). This happened when I was 22. A couple months later she reached out to me again and apologized. We were talking and this girl is really intelligent. we just kept being friends which was not smart on my part at all. I later went back to college and I started seeing another women who is my now girlfriend and is amazing. But this is the part that's really bad. The underage girl was now 16 by now. She starts this off by telling me "I want to send you a pic, but I can't". and me being an idiot I tell her go for it. She sends me an underwear picture. 

This caused the situtation to spiral like crazy. Basically we sent nudes literally all the time while I was dating my girlffriend. I was even sending nudes to guys. (I've talked to my girlfriend about some of this). It was really bad, I didn't realize it but I was kinda grooming her. Which is awful, I just thought I was being nice and we were having fun. This went on for 4 months. It didn't stop until her friend called me up and told me how much of a piece of shit I was being. It took that to make realize, and take a step back. 

I thought that I did enough to protect myself. I deleted all social media and blocked her from my laptop (I have a mac). But not on my phone. Now this girl has contacted just recently a few times. Since quarentine has started maybe 5. (She follows my girlfriend on instagram, so the calls typically come when my girlfriend makes a post. Ususaly I ignore the calls since they're really late at night. But I picked up one, last month and she calling me a sexual predator, and that I was the adult. And really laying into me about it about how much of a garbage person I am.  She called again last night, I picked it up and talked to her. She told me how she learned the grooming and that i groomed her. (which is disgusting). She told me about how she was thinking of messaging my girlfriend about everything. But what I'm getting to is she told me she talked to people and she told me what charges I could be looking at. She said she isn't sure about pressing charges. Currently she said whatever her boyfriend says she's probably going to do, and he's a marine stationed in Japan until new year's. She told me as well I'm a teacher and she said she's worried it will happen again. There is no way in hell it will. I want both the girl and I to be at peace. I told her that.

What my question is, is what can I do to protect myself? What can I do to lower anxiety and stress for me? I've told my best friend everything. I didn't try to sugarcoat anything. He really recommended I stop contact. He also said it sounds like she's trying to take control over me. He recommended I see acounselour and or a lawyer so I figured to post here first.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry this is so long, I'm terified right now and omega anxious. I feel like my life is over. At this point any advice you can give is beyond helpful