Need Some AdviceSo my best friend has been having a real hard time lately and has been having a lot of suicidal thoughts. Ive gone through all that myself and eventually overcame it, though it does come around occasionally but not as bad as it used to. She has recently started going to classes at Kaiser to help and taken time off work to do so, and she has been on anti-depressants for years, though they dont seem to be helping much. She likes to try and just sleep the days away because when shes asleep she has no pain.

Anyways, heres the gist of things: We were together for 3 1/2 years, broke up on her birthday(her choice), and things havent been the same. Even throughout our entire relationship, she would have suicidal thoughts and thoughts of cutting, but it wasnt like it is now. 

Ever since our breakup, her thoughts and pain has increased 10 fold. I still love the hell out of her and would do anything for her. I know just as well that she still loves me, however she is afraid of the pain that comes with a relationship, and wont admit it, saying "she doesnt want to feel". When we are together, its like nothing ever changed. We cuddle, hold hands, kiss, all that, and thats what I want, to be with her forever, however her depression is getting in the way of her even having a decent day. She still lives at home with her mom because she cant move out because of her pets(which shell never give up) and has to deal with a mom who is also suicidal and can at times be abusive and lazy. On top of that she has to take care of her grandma who cant do anything for herself, so basically taking care of an adult because her aunts and uncles wont help at all, and its taking its toll on her.

As hard as its been to stay close with her because I want nothing more then to be together with her again, especially because she was much happier at the time, I just dont know what else to do to help her. Im always trying to talk to her, say things to her that make her feel good(sometimes too good which makes her have feelings that she is afraid of, IE Love), spend whatever time I can with her, but I dont know what else I can do to help. Shes literally the most important person in my life, and I dont want to lose her. 

What other things can I do to help her see that its not as bad as it seems and that it CAN get better and that she CAN overcome the pain?