My current experienceToday was the first time I called the national suicide prevention hotline, as well as the first time I used their online texting service. Their chatline was very nice, so if that lady sees this 'Natasha', thank you. However afterwards I did call the line and the lady was nice however I'm very socially inept and bad at explaining how I feel verbally as well as starting conversations. So I was a bit upset when the first thing she asked me was if I had abused drugs or alcohol. Later I was transferred to a self harm hotline instead, even though I am suicidal. The man, I'm guessing a volunteer most likely, was a bit rude. When I mentioned a weight problem of mine, keep in mind I'm a 14 year old girl, he asked my weight and height and when I told him he said I had more work to do. Then, when i mention my family problems he got really upset and starting like semi being yelling and just aggressive towards me? Eventually he just straight up hung up on me. I dont know where to else just talk about this, because this was just so- I dont even know. It was an incredibly offputting experience. I feel trapped and alone and dont wanna exist. I dont know how to tell people that I want to kill myself without- freaking myself out. I dont like hearing those words come from me. I dont know how to get help and it's so hard to explain that to people. Whenever my family even gets the idea that I want to, the way they ask just sounds like they're disgusted with me. Like I'm some sick child. I dont know what I'm going to do, I'm not getting better. I'm so bad at explaining how I feel and these people that I'm told are supposed to help just seem like they wanna get rid of me as soon as possible. I dont know how I feel, all I know is that I dont want to exist. Do I have a plan?? Theres so many ways I could do it and ways that it could go wrong. I'm the type of person that thinks of the variables. If I try to get run over on my way to school that person could get in legal trouble because of me. I could mess up. When I call or text for suicide help, it means that's what I need help with. It's so hard to put into words this kind of thing. I dont want to live but to them it feels like it doesnt matter as much if I dont have a strict plan or something. I'm sorry I just I dont know, its frustrating me how it's so hard to get help.