Most days my brain is just silently AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIt's like this indescribable emotional pain mixed with an intense, almost overwhelming desire for life to end all resulting in a feeling as if there's a corner of my brain just screaming endlessly.

**TL;DR** **Shoutout to everyone here trying to get on with life with a brain that wants to die**

Posting here because I can't act anymore. I can't pretend that everything is okay. I've gained 6kg in a week from eating rubbish which is super yuck, but I also don't care because my brain has been swamped by intense suicidal ideation and if I'm not sufficiently distracted the thoughts about suicide come back in like BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM just drowning out everything else. 

I think about self harming a lot. I mean, not only suicide but other forms of physical pain. But then I remember I've got way too many scars already and additional scars and a high pain tolerance doesn't change anything.

I don't have a good reason to want to die. There's no major crisis. The relationship breakdown was over 4 months ago and I'm mostly over that. I have enough money for everything I essentially need. Sure, I'll probably need several more major operations because genetics suck, and I'll definitely need a double mastectomy at some point because cancer risk,  but that's not it either. It's not even the fact that I have about three friends, and the last time I hung out with a friend was in February - because,  at the moment.people are too exhausting for me to want to have any interaction with. I don't want anything to do with anyone right now. I can't pretend to not be depressed when I'm around other people anymore. It takes all of my energy to pretend to be normal and smile and laugh at work, and I know I don't do a very good job at that as it is. 

It's not really any of that. I just don't care anymore. About any of it. Any of life. I am amazed I have been together enough to do things like shower and brush my teeth and pay bills and work 3 days a week. Do look pale and run down as shit though. Going through the motions, I guess, while my brain is screaming I want to die all the while. 

It's gotten to the point where I'm thinking about suicide all day, every day. I suspect it's the general anaesthetic I had from a colonoscopy in May sending me off the deep end into post-operative depression, but also the general state of the world. 

Now, I know if I stopped eating crap and did more exercise and got more sunshine and made more of an effort to be social I'd probably feel better. But it also gets to a point where you cannot bring yourself to do any of that, because just getting dressed and maintaining basic personal hygiene is a mammoth achievement. So, I am going to my GP on Monday to ask to go back on antidepressants. It might be a complete waste of time and money, as it has been in the past, but I can't help hoping that this time will be different, that this time maybe we'll try a different drug that might actually give me the capacity to overcome the intrusive suicidal thoughts and do the exercise and the things I know I need to do for wellbeing.

Also going to see the psychologist on Monday. It's been difficult to get an appointment (a) because it's bloody expensive and (b) because a huge chunk of the general population are under huge stresses so she's super busy and hard to get into. I'm hoping I have the money to continue to see her because she's the best psychologist I have ever seen. I haven't kept it up because of financial stress, and my mental health has suffered as a result. But I think this time I should be able to stick with it for a while.

It's been hard because the depression has screwed with my cognitive function and sleep again too. I can't concentrate for more than 2 seconds. I'm agitated and drowning in anxiety all the time. I go to sleep late and wake up early whether I like it or not. I can't remember anything and everything takes me ten times longer to process or understand than usual, and I constantly feel as dumb as a rock. 

I wasn't entirely honest with my doctor last time I went because I didn't want to be on antidepressants again, and I sure as hell didn't want to run the risk of being put in a mental hospital again. But at the moment it's gotten to the point where I just don't care about anything anymore, so might as well be totally upfront.

I think I'm too lazy to actually kill myself. Having been there and tried that more than once, getting it right takes a lot of planning and organising and logistics I just don't have the energy for. Especially because were I to go through with one of the plans for suicide I have, I don't want to leave all my stuff just around for my family to deal with. I'd need to sort out my belongings and affairs etc etc etc and make sure I had enough money to cover any potential funeral or medical expenses if I fucked it up.

And that's the nub of it. Human beings are both incredibly resilient and incredibly fragile creatures. I think what keeps me going at times like these is that I know if I failed suicide where I was left half brain dead and still aware, that that would be a fate far worse than this. My life could be 100,000x worse than it currently is, no doubt. But knowing that doesn't change that incessant suicidal impulse blamming it's way across my brain.

I just wanted to put this out there because I needed to tell someone how I feel right now with completely honesty. And maybe someone else will resonate with how I feel right now and it might help them feel they're not alone.