I'm too lazy and it's killing meI am thinking about suicide a lot more lately, i mean, i always think about suicide, it isn't something that pops in and out of my mind, it's just that i'm starting to convince myself that i should actually kill myself for good now.
The reason is that i'm lazy.
I am a shitty person,
I'm so lazy that i only want to stay in my bed and watch youtube or play videogames, i only like the good stuff. But when it comes to work, i start to feel really depressed and sad in general. I'm such a piece of shit that i only want to have fun. I'm such a fucking idiot because i could never get a job, because i'm too lazy.
And i'm thinking about suicide despite having friends, a loving family and being "happy" in general. I'm a spoiled little idiot. There are people that are going trough far, FAAAR worse situations than mine, but i still have the courage to post this. I'm useless to the world, someone like me could never do anything good except live off of someone else.
The fact that i'm like this is ruining me. I was a curios kid, i enjoyed science stuff, i enjoyed my life. i was constantly asking questions to my parents about black holes and the universe and gravity, particles, atoms or whatnot. I was active and full of energy. I think that from when i started middle school, my life went really downhill. I started loosing interest in everything i liked, i started to not enjoy the things i used to enjoy so much. Sometimes i would just start to cry for no goddamn reason (i still do, by the way) and now that i'm in high school, i really feel like shit. I could never do something productive with my life and i know that. The reason i haven't killed myself yet is because of my own lazyness and because of my parents that i love more than anything in my life, and it would absolutely destroy me to see them sad, but now i'm starting to loose interest in that as well. I know people go trough much worse but i really needed to talk about this (or, well, write about this). Thanks and sorry for wasting your time

Sorry for typos