I'm giving myself until next New Years dayI've thought about the philosophies of suicide, the pros and cons, and about myself during the last couple of years. I'm young [19], but I realize that I've contributed nothing to this planet. 

I'm sick of being a terrible person. Even though I've tried so many things, I'm still a selfish lustful wicked person and I don't know if I can change this after all that I've tried. My brand of humor has typically come at the expense of someone else and this is something that I've always found disgusting. My dream? To land a high paying job in a certain profession stereotyped for being selfish. My only motivation for working so hard these last couple of months has been so that I can one day treat myself to a lavish (and selfish) lifestyle. Not so that I can one day make a difference in the system. Not so that I can help out a couple of people. No, only so that I can enjoy things for myself.

Another factor in why I'm possibly going to end it all in a year's time is that I'm a lonely person. I'm surrounded by people and I have constant daily relations and conversations with different people and occasionally 1 of 2 of my 'friends' will message me (and I know that I'm genuinely friends with one of them), but I've always felt so left out of the normal experiences in life. I can count the amount of pictures I've taken with non-relatives that weren't forced (like class pictures or awards pictures) with one hand. I can count the amount of people who facebook wished me happy birthday with two. I can count the amount of people who invited me to go anywhere with them in the last year with one hand w/o the thumb. I hate it. I've tried to genuinely like people, I've tried so hard to show people that I'm interested in them and doing things with them, but every single time it's the same story. I just delude myself into thinking that I have a new group of friends, but a couple of weeks later I'll realize that I'm just tolerated. Like, I put myself out there, I've done favors for people without expecting anything in return, I've given genuine (non-creepy) compliments to people, and all that I get are lonely Friday nights spent in front of my computer in my dorm room. I hate this way of life, it's nothing like how I wanted, and I've had so many chances to make new friends but I have no idea how. 

The final reason I'm going to kill myself in a years time is because I feel like a failure overall. I've never been picked for a high school sports team despite trying out for a few. I've never been able to attain the discipline to keep on working out and so 3 years of going to the gym later and all I have to show for it is an average body. I've won 0 awards during my entire high school career and in the first year of university I couldn't even accomplish a 3.0 GPA in a system that makes it so easy to get a 3.7+ GPA. I've failed my drivers test (that nearly everyone I know passed on their first try), and I'm terrible at everything I do. Art? I can't draw a person to save my life. Basketball? Dozens of hours later and I'm still the worst person on any court I play on. Photography: I could've used a phone and gotten better pictures despite trying to learn with photography books. Video games? I don't think I've ever had a game where I was even above average. 

So here's why I'm going to wait a year before snapping my neck. Firstly, I want to try being the most selfless person I can be. It's time to stop reaping from this world and to start giving back and so I'm going to always put others ahead of myself as long as it doesn't ruin me too much. I'll never say something bad about another person, and I will try to copy the example of Catholic saints. Secondly, I'm not going to have my funeral looking like an average person. I want my body to look very good when I die and so I'm going to force myself to the gym every day, healthy or sick. If I can't lift, I'll run. If I can't run, I'll walk. But I'm never going to skip a day between now and Dec 31 2018. I will strive for perfection so that I can die without being a total failure in everything. 

Thank you to whoever read this (I don't know what to call it, a manifesto?). I'm sorry you wasted your time reading this if you're looking to give me supportive words, but if you're reading this trying to understand the mindset of someone who has their suicide planned out, I am an example of such. I'm motivated to die by my feelings of being a complete failure (and an evil one at that). I have my method of death and place of death ready for when the time comes. Hopefully one year from now I won't be a total failure but for now, I'm on track to die.