“You just need to reach out more!! UwU”Uh, reaching out too often is the problem! You get labeled an attention seeker, and even the most well-intentioned people don’t wanna constantly deal with you if you’re almost always struggling and bringing the mood down. It’s exhausting to them too. So I only show my friends the good times (I’m still capable of laughing, being engaging in conversation, and having fun), and then when the bad times hit, I don’t let them know anymore and I tend to isolate until it passes. It’s not that I think they wouldn’t care (they’re really good people and have absolutely cared in the past), it’s that I don’t want to be a burden. Already I am a burden to my family, and don’t hit me with that “Oh I’m sure they don’t see you as a burden!”, because they have literally admitted that I’m a huge drain on the family sometimes and that the fact that I still live with my parents at age 25 *does* weigh on them. My mom is mentally ill too and has even told me in the past to go ahead and kill myself. She really regrets saying it and has been much nicer to me since then, but still.
Anyways, back to the friend thing...it’s unfair to treat friends like therapists and constantly drain their energy. So, reach out to a professional instead, right? Well there’s only so much that they can do. Everything I’ve ever learned in therapy was like one of those cheap, shitty Barbie bandaids placed on top of a gaping wound. Imagine it: huge wound that needs stitches, and you only get a bandaid. (Note: Healthy coping mechanisms actually do help me sometimes. Mostly not so much). I realize there is no cure for mental illness. I realize it’s not therapists’ and psychiatrists’ fault that this is literally all they can offer. But it’s frustrating nonetheless. Like, they’re STILL using electroconvulsive shock therapy (albeit modified and safer) and the second generation of antipsychotic medications (which I take) has been clinically proven to be no more effective than the old ones from the fucking 60’s. Doesn’t it bother anyone else that we’ve made virtually NO medical progress in treatment for mental illness?? But I guess there’s nothing we can do 🤷🏻‍♀️

Anyhow, I guess my whole point is, throwing the suicide hotline number at people and telling them to reach out more probably isn’t gonna help. I know people don’t really know what else to do, and maybe there *is* nothing else to do, but damn if it isn’t infuriating anyway.

I’m sorry if this was disjointed or made little to no sense; I’m just very upset right now and shouting into the void. I know deep down I’ll never have the courage to do myself in (although I have attempted twice and was hospitalized both times, but I think I purposely sabotaged the attempts and knew they wouldn’t work tbh). But I do fantasize about it an awful lot. And I’m sorry y’all do too. None of us should have to deal with this. I’m sorry.