I'm tired of existingI am a 23 year old woman with absolutely no reason to stay alive. I've had mental health issues since my early teens, and eventually had to dropout from high school as my mental health was deteriorating and made it impossible for me to attend classes. I still managed to pass my high school diploma a few years later and was supposed to go on to study at university in order to get a Bachelor's degree, but changed my mind at the last minute due to lack of motivation and some other reasons.

I don't have a job and never had one, though I'd like to work, if only to drift away from my constant negative thoughts.

Unsurprisingly I come from a dysfunctional family. My father has always been emotionally abusive to me, I highly suspect he might be a narcissist but he would never admit it. My brother has always hated me, my relationship with him is nonexistent and has always been.  I haven't talked to any of them in years although we live under the same roof. My mother is essentially the only person I talk to, she genuinely loves me and has always supported me when others gave up on me, but she tends to be emotionally manipulative so I avoid talking to her most of the time. Moving out would surely be beneficial to my mental health, but I am stuck living with them due being unemployed. My family is estranged from each other so I don't have any contact with my extended family.

I haven't had any friend irl in almost 8 years and that probably won't change anytime soon.  I am very introverted by nature and am used to being alone, but life feels meaningless when you have nobody to share moments with.

My love life is nonexistent, I've never even had a legitimate boyfriend. Ironically I'm not even ugly, I've been called pretty many times and a few guys have been interested in me before, but my mental health issues made me give up on trying to date.

I've been committed to a psych ward a few times, and was forced to take meds against my will for years. I'm convinced the meds I was on have caused permanent damage to my brain. It left me with constant brain fog which prevents me from thinking clearly.

I've had suicidal thoughts on a daily basis for the last 3 years. Last year I reached a non return point and bought supply to kill myself. My plan was to do it by the end of 2019, but things didn't turn out as planned and I had to postpone my date. I probably won't die this year either because of the coronavirus going on.

I have absolutely nothing to live for. I want out asap.