Everything is repeatingat the end of last november i made peace with the fact that i needed to kill myself if i didn't want to keep experiencing the emotional hurt that i was. i had completely accepted it, i was completely ready for it, and yet here i am for some reason. i think i made a mistake. i found my natural course and i found the conclusion that was meant for me back then and because i tried to turn away from it it's only made the descent back even worse. i had it right back then.  i don't know how i convinced myself i was wrong. 

nothing has changed in life. my circumstances are the same, my hurt is the same, my life is the same, the only change is that this time i get to go through it again without my meds so rather than having the emotional capacity of a cinderblock i instead get to go every day wanting to gouge my eyes out because of how upset i am. if i thought last year was bad enough that i was as sure as i was that i needed to die, then this year it'd need to happen five times over. i got cut off from my meds, i relapsed in drinking, i relapsed in self harm, i haven't seen a therapist the entire year. everything has gone to fucking garbage. i guess it's just kind of terrifying how much everything just feels like a shittier repeat of last year. nothing has changed whatsoever. it's all just the same but even more difficult. it's like i'm just being forced to repeat one of the worst years of my life all over again but this time i don't even fucking get antidepressants to make it bearable.

this is going to keep happening. i know it is. i think that for once i need to take the initiative here because if i continue to stay alive then i'm going to spend the rest of my life sitting in the same fucking room doing the same fucking things accomplishing nothing and achieving nothing every single year over and over again for my entire life. that's no way to live. i don't want to have to live like that. i was so close too i was SO fucking close and yet here i fucking am, in exactly the same spot as i was a year ago. i knew i was so close to just being a normal functioning person again and somehow i let it slip away from me. i remember at the start of quarantine i was sad about it, i was sad i wouldn't be seeing anyone, i was sad i wouldn't have to go to school. yet now the thought of returning to normal life and seeing people is one that terrifies me. i remember the first few weeks i was turning in all of my work for online classes and i was staying on top of everything and yet after a few weeks i ended up just ghosting all my teachers for the entire rest of the school year. i remember at the start of quarantine i was getting up at 10 and going to bed at 12 every day. yesterday i got up at 1 AM and went to bed at noon. 

i tried to get better and i failed. if it didn't happen already, then it's not going to. everything is just going to be the same over and over and over again and im going to have to spend my entire fucking life wishing that i was dead. so many people are more deserving of life then me. im so lucky to have been born in circumstances that give me the potential to carve out a normal and content life for myself and yet i just threw all of it away. so many people deserve this more than me and every second im alive is like a constant reminder of how much thats true and how ive failed to meet the standards i should have. 

i know i was right last year. i was right about what needed to happen, i was right about how much of a fuckup i am, i was right about all of it. and yet despite that i failed when i shouldnt have and decided to keep living on some stupid string of hope that things would get better. and now here i fucking am, feeling like even more fucking subhuman than before and with an even greater desire to get my head run over by a train. im not making that same mistake this year. last year i thought things could get better but they didnt and they wont. i dont think its any coincidence how similar everything feels to last year. i think this year is supposed to be a do over. and a chance to not make the same mistakes i did before. ive considered all my options, every direction my life could go, and the only ones that involve happiness are the ones where i finally fucking get to have my head beat in. there are no paths that will lead to me getting better and i know that now for a fact. if there were then i would be better, i would be happy. if there were then i wouldnt be going through this repeat of last year and i wouldnt be getting this chance to make the right choice after i failed last year. i wouldnt be writing this if i wasnt supposed to be. if i wasnt supposed to die then i wouldnt be fucking craving it as much as i am and im more sure about that then anything in my life. i was so scared of dying, i wanted it so much but i was so scared of the pain but now when i imagine how much hurt ill avoid, how much emotional damage ill prevent from happening to me, something as fucking trivial as overdosing or asphyxiation is meaningless. its so so fucking minor in the face of the years id spend in the same fucking house living the same life holding on to hope of something that will never come. they're incomparable. 

i dont know why im even writing all this. i know nobody is reading this but i guess its comforting to put my feelings out there rather then letting them all just tear apart my fucking head and my thoughts. i dont fucking know.