Dying doesn't really scare me; explaining why I wanted to do it if I don't succeed does.I've already faced the fact that I want to see myself dead. At first it made me tear up a little and whatnot, but now it's just another detail of my life, y'know? 

I don't like pain, and I think a lot of people can agree with that. But at the same time, I feel an extreme pleasure at the idea of hurting myself. Not all type of hurt though, choking is unpleasant to me, as is drowning, but things like cutting, breaking, falling down the stairs, scarring seem kind of enjoyable.

All of this must sound extremely masochist to all of you, but that is what it is, I guess. 

I already hate myself, I already feel empty and worthless. Damaging something that already is damaged doesn't seem crazy to me. I am not a good person, or at least, I don't feel like one, mostly thanks to my parents, but I already wrote a post about it somewhere and I don't want to bother writing about it more than needed. As I was saying, I already feel like a bad person, so matching the exterior so it can go with the interior seems as if it were something logical to do, y'know?

So, now that that's out of the way, why don't I just fucking end it, right? Well, because I'm scared of not succeeding. That if they found me before I'm truly gone, I'm scared that they'll judge me. To have my mother asking me, with that judgemental tone of hers, why I did it, how could I have done that to her, to have my stepfather asking me why I must always do stupid things, to have my father curse at me. Let's be honest, they'll be more angry at me than be worried about me.

They'll be sorry in front of others, they'll act in front of everybody else as it really hurt them. 
With me, at first they'll be sorry. Then, their tones will turn accusatory. And then, it'll be, once again, all about them. How could I do that to them, how could I betray them like that, how could I act like that, don't I love them, why don't I appreciate everything they have done for me?

Or maybe I'm exaggerating, maybe they're not as bad as I make them sound, maybe I'm the problem, maybe I'm the bad guy in all of this shit.

But hell, that would make me want to do it even more.

So, what is left for a rotten person like me here on earth? Nothing, and that's why I should fucking do it once and for all. Maybe I'll just wait until I'm free from them, so I can go away without worrying. Disappear and never ever come back.

I'm just so tired of everything.