Countdown To Death Day: 3 - Constant Sleep ParalysisI had to post this. I just came back from minutes of sleep paralysis after having weird nightmarish dreams about whatever. Then whenever Rick from Rick and Morty would say “Freeze Frame” I’d be frozen only barely moving for who knows how long

It was pretty interesting though. I don’t remember what led to this part but I was stranded on a red planet with never ending asteroid rain. Rick called it anticipation as in never ending even though I don’t think that makes any sense now that I’m fully awake. But it seem to make sense when I was dreaming. I was traveling far to see someone I’ve been messaging on Reddit right I’m front of me when a huge asteroid hit in between us and all that. I escaped with Rick and Summer. 

Then when Rick was explaining the constant meteor shower the sleep paralysis began, I was awake but couldn’t move, Rick would say “Freeze Frame” saying jug would freeze me for ten seconds but it actually did freeze me in a state of paralysis. It was like I could make myself frozen with my mind. I couldn’t escape.. it was so terrifying

I tried screaming but I couldn’t. I tried thinking about other things but it was like my mind was trolling me.. like an internet troll took control of my brain and kept fucking with me

Then when I fully woke up at last I hyperventilated for 30 seconds before opening my phone to post this.. 

I’ve finally gone crazy you guys.. I’ve finally lost my mind

The suicide MUST BE DONE

I can’t do it anymore. I fucking hate my life

I don’t know if this has some type of meaning.. I’ve never dealt with this before

Obviously I know it was because I drank coffee today and got anxiety from it. As well as my left hand being numb from having carpal tunnel on it due to lifting weights a few months back (yeah “working out” really helped guys..) so maybe that had something to do with it

Anyway I’m done for, I’m killing myself the SECOND my parents leave and I’ll finally experience the wonder of nothing. I won’t experience anything.. but that’s part of the experience.. I don’t want to feel or experience ANYTHING

You all think I’m crazy, insane, you heard my story, I have to be put down anyway.. it’s for the better

But also because I hate all of you

That’s it, I’ll post something when I finally kill myself. I’m going back to sleep