Can't shake it.So I don't know where else to write this, so it's here.

I had a bad night. We had a guest over. Instead of being a responsible host, I got drunk. First to deal with the stress of talking when my roommate wasn't over. Then I got into a bad space. By this point my roommate was back. I cried, I punched my head repeatedly, I affirmed that I was a fucking piece of shit, I scratched myself until I bled, I blacked out and woke up to find I had pissed my pants. 

I had been in a bad space all day. I realized this weekend that yeah, if I wanted to make the world a better place, I could make tangible change by taking myself out of it. That I was alone in the ways that mattered. The drinking just brought it to the fore.

I felt good after, cleaning up after myself aside. The crying was cathartic. I still know I'm alone. I have no one to talk to, which I guess is why I'm here. My roommates are two couples who are lovey dovey all the time; they have people who they can talk to in each other, who won't avoid them, they have people who can caress them and touch them. I have no one. I can't vent on Facebook, a friend chewed me out and nearly called the cops on me when they mistook a positive post of mine for a suicide note. I can't vent in a journal, it's just not a sufficient release. The only time I can talk is when I'm drunk, when I talk whether people want to listen or not.

In any case, I'm in the worst shape suicidality wise since my teenage tears. I've never felt down like I do today (I'm 30.) I try to be social - I got more active in different social circles - hosting queer potlucks, going to kink events, getting more implicated in church, joining a book club. I exercise regularly, and I'm in the best shape of my life. I read self help books. I went to see a therapist and had to drop him because he couldn't get over the fact that I was trans but I'm set to see another one.

I do all these steps to get out of this yet I can't shake it. I wrote yet another suicide note this weekend. That felt good. So did reading a post on here on what people did their last day before they attempted.

A part of me is tired. I'm just so tired. I'm safe tonight, I just needed to say this to anyone.

Anyways, thanks for listening. Writing this helps.