I'm giving up on life [M23]Life is not worth sticking around for. With each passing year, things only get progressively more worse. I don't find any meaning in the daily rat race therefore I quit my job yesterday. Nor do I find any meaning in day to day life. I don't care what happens anymore, nor do I have any curiosity to hold out any longer to see what the future has in store. It is all pointless in the end, I never asked to be born into this hellscape. If possible I would have preferred to not exist at all.

 All the pain and misery could have been avoided if they just had an abortion instead.  Why do people self-consciously bring more into this world, knowing full well that they will ultimately suffer? What is it that drives people and society to go through such great lengths to force people to stay alive against their own will? I will tell you the answer: That is greed, selfishness, and profit. They acknowledge the fact that life is mostly filled with suffering, they  then go out of their way to create more. What could be more hypocritical and flawed then that? Humanity is ruled by a bunch of retards who don't have the best interest of the people nor the environment and other inhabitants we share this earth with. Governments are corrupt, the police are corrupt, truly this world is not one worth living in nor bringing anymore life into.

 If you were to ask me, I believe it is selfish to put the responsibility on the next generations to fix the shit we could have easily have done in our time. Boomer mentality, retard mentality. I got mines, so fuck you.  We pay entertainers and fat politicians who do nothing more money then the people who actually contibute to society and keep it going. The people who build houses, buildings, clean, cook, doctors, fireman, plumbers, mechanics, farmers, teachers, cashiers etc. They are treated like shit while the true corrupt bastards live lavish and we all get their scraps. Evil is rewarded and good is looked down upon.  There is no fixing a system designed to be flawed, the ones who are for it are the ones who benefit the most from such a flawed system. 

I'm not sticking around for anyone, for once in my life I'm going to do something I want to do for myself. I don't care, I've given them and this world enough. I should have died 2 years ago back in 2018, I didn't have the strength back then to go through with it. I should have died when I ran out of elementary school and into traffic. I should have died in the hospital when I was a few weeks/months old and not had the surgery performed.  Everyday I live with pulsating pain throughout my body, this is the result of 3 car accidents. All 3 were cases of hit and run, humanity is not worth saving nor being apart of. I truly despise people, I don't even like myself that much either to be honest. Anyways thanks for making it so far if you have read through this mess.  On July 31st, 2020 I will make my exit from this world into oblivion with my method. I know many others will be doing the same thing on the sameday, so atleast I won't be alone in the journey to oblivion. There is no going back.... this is the end of my miserable story.