'Not enough evidence'Trigger Warning: Rape. To preface. I used to have nothing but respect for police and hated police-bashers. But I'm just tired by this point... and I'm sorry if there are any cops that read this because I do know deep down that the justice system did its best :(


12, I was going to kill myself by drinking a bottle of eucalyptus oil (Bet you can't guess where I live) 13 I thought I wanted a lobotomy to not feel anything anymore. Heh. 14 was actually a pretty good year. Good friends, good grades, good everything. 15, I began smoking weed and slowly I began to disconnect from my peers. Too terrified of talking to anyone, I became isolated pretty quickly. I've had a best friend since 11 and I feel bad that she doesn't help the loneliness, but I think I'll always feel lonely, it's just the way I am. Anyway back to... Whatever the hell this is. I used to be scared of sitting by myself all the time, being a *loner*. Being seen with no one. I would do ANYTHING to make sure no one saw me by myself. Which is kind of hard to do when you have 2 friends and one of them lives in another state. That fell apart reasonably quickly and I saw that my peer group just didn't like me, I was a ghost. So I begged my parents to let me move schools. I needed a clean slate from the fuck up that was what I had done to my social status. I promised them I'd get amazing grades but they had to let me move. 


My grades were never that fantastic. I'm sure you understand, being depressed, who the fuck cares about something as menial as grades? Who cares when you spend all your energy on doing the bare essentials. I got my good report card, my parents said it was 'alright but I could've done better' and my mum assured me that I would be staying at that school for the next two and a half years, I crashed. I lost it. I fucking went insane. It was so insidious too, I planned to just get through the year, I really didn't mean to do what I did and I don't think anyone believes me. I began wagging school, smoking, getting drunk, walking the streets at night by myself or just sleeping. The only important thing to me was looking good. That's the only thing I clung to. I just want to take a second to say to any young females who may or may not be reading this, who are struggling with anything similar. Men, specifically OLDER men, know exactly what you're feeling. And they know exactly what to say to you. Wasn't long until my older brother's friend had hit me up on Facebook and we got talking, and he told me all about how he also struggled with depression and how several of his friends had committed suicide. 'Don't tell anyone we're talking.' (Eventually I did tell my brother) At first I came onto him because 'why not my life's a mess' and he rejected me, it stung and I was embarrassed. He was so nice for counselling me though! And then he started asking for nudes and every time saying how guilty he felt and how he was drunk and there was always something. Because my behaviour was terrible, my parents would confiscate my phone which happened to coincide with the most convenient 'nude sending time' for him and he stopped talking to me. 


I wish I could tell you *that* was my learning experience. I really do. I got through 2016 somehow. I had fits that were extreme enough I still sometimes worry if they're a sign of something developing in my brain. I would punch my head, shred up my feet with can tabs and I was beyond delusional. I was paranoid of everyone and everything. Nothing was normal, everything looked like 2D cut outs and I would have strange moments where I thought there was something about to kill me and my adrenaline would shoot up. I got better during the school break that just finished. It took a while but I got back into running, I had gotten politely asked to GTFO of the school I had been at so was going to my dream school, and I really began to value my family and friends. My friend was considering sending some silly little 'send this to your crush' meme thing and I said 'If you do it-


-I'll hit up some guy that added me on Facebook.'


Ladies and gents. I think I just told you the single worst decision I made in my entire life. This guy (20 year old) wanted to meet up the next day and that was the day I had my first kiss, and got into my first ever relationship. He was little... Weird. Y'know? Over the next few days he wanted to meet up every single day and sent me huge ass texts freaking out if I wasn't responsive enough. Fourth day he took me to a hotel, put me on the bed and turned the lights out. I was confused. I soon realised where it was heading and I hurriedly asked him to put on a condom but he didn't like condoms. With my final consenting words being a pressured 'Fuck it.' and feeling in excruciating pain the whole time, wondering how many girls lost their virginity thinking 'You do what you have to.'  I felt so sick and guilty. We kept meeting up and then four days later again he took me to a hotel again. I told him that we weren't going to be having sex. He agreed. Against my parents will I stayed the night with him, they were so angry my mum sent me a text saying I was going to have to look for full time employment (insinuating I would have to move out) if I was going to disobey them like this.


I'll never forget that night. I'll never forget telling him that I didn't want to. I'll never forget being so confused as he did it anyway. Why was he doing this? What would happen I tried to push him off? I struggled a bit and he gripped my wrists so hard they hurt. I was so hurt that my 'boyfriend', a title he had barely earned because I was terrified of the idea of a relationship until he pushed me into it, would do this to me. I was so shaken I couldn't talk afterwards, we went and got Plan B. He kept holding my hand and swinging it around wildly, asking me 'what's wrong?' 'Why aren't you talking?' and saying how we were going to watch movies and eat pizza later and everything was fine! I confided 'I feel like you pressured me into that.' And he took a deep breath and looked at the table. 'Yeah. I did. I fucked up, I'm sorry. But we need to talk this out so you don't go calling it "rape" or something.' He fucking had the audacity to say that to me. I acknowledge I'm just retarded for staying. I have no excuse except being an idiot. So I stayed for 'movies and pizza', while we were eating he said to me 'It's *so* attractive watching you shove food down your throat.' That comment rings in my ears a lot now. During the movie he kept touching me and I was tired from the Plan B so I ignored his advances. I wanted to get smashed. I wanted to forget that I was missing chatting to my best friend on her birthday because he threw a childish fit when I tried calling her, I wanted to forget that he just raped me, I wanted to forget that my parents had said they were kicking me out and I'd have to live with this strange man. He bought me alcohol and I was drunk. 


I remember thinking 'Is that a condom?' and him saying 'I think I got it on well this time!' and in my stupor I just lay there and tried to not focus on the pain as he raped me again. When we went to sleep I pushed him off me and curled up on the side of the queen sized bed wanting to wake up alone in my room. I went home the next day and went about business as usual. Listening to Lana Del Rey and sipping on coke, my mum got home and before she had a chance to inform me of the details of her texts. I burst into tears.


'He fucking raped me.' 



My parents pushed me to go to the police, so I begrudgingly did in a bid to get him reported so that if he ever pulled this shit again another girl would be more successful in getting the case to go anywhere. He won't do it though. He's doesn't get feelings like we do. But he's not dumb. Everyone pushed for me to take it further and do a recorded interview so it could go to court. He got interviewed as well. They compiled evidence. I couldn't believe anything was even real when the police said to me 'We don't believe there's enough evidence for this to win in court, so in an attempt to stop you from reliving any further trauma, we're closing the case and advising that you don't take this any further.' if someone reading this thinks 'ohsse nse this might be some breach of law privacy!' I'll tell you now. The semantics don't matter. Nothing fucking matters. He walks a free man. And I'm the one trapped in the torture that is my head. I looked into hitmen online. I looked for people in my area I could pay to give him a good beating but everyone I know said to me 'You can't do it unless you want to spend a long time in prison.' How fucking ironic. How laughable. I don't have the social connections to find anyone anyway. I see everyone I know doing drugs, and hear whispers of people richer than I can ever imagine being, I see my friends shoplifting, corporations fuck people over, and rapists walk free in our streets. He might be living next to you. No warning about what he did, he's raising a two year old daughter with his ex and I cry when I think about what her childhood is going to be like. Justice is dead and we're all living in this imaginary fantasy in our heads where there is karma, fairness and retribution. I hope Reddit removes this. There are winners and losers in life.


And I'm a loser.