I already tried twice. Maybe this time the pills will work.I've been pushing myself for over a year now. I've had everything ripped away from me. The one person who gave me hope in this world died tragically and I couldn't do anything to stop it. From the moment I was born, I was doomed to have a terrible life. Poor looks, poor genes, predestined to die from dementia or heart disease. Then the schizophrenia came, and I began hearing voices and noises, and my dad ditched me because I was too much to handle. My mom began doing the drugs and I became the subject of every bit of hate she felt. I have PTSD and anxiety and depression from what she's done to me. The physical abuse, the verbal abuse, making sure that I was never good enough and that no one will ever love me and I'm just worthless... well good fucking job mom. You won. You broke me. The only thing I had keeping me going, that one person who truly loved me, died a year ago. That day, I died with her. I've been nothing but a walking corpse since. With no family and no friends, I honestly am surprised at how long I've kept going. Really, it was just me waking up waiting for this "change" people keep saying will happen. It will get better, they say. When? I've waited and waited and you know what's happened? IT'S GOTTEN WORSE.
I don't know if social media has had its rounds about me (I don't have any but everyone in school does so they are probably talking about me), but no one at school wants to talk to me and do everything they can to avoid me.  Just this morning, at my bus stop, the girls who wait with me looked at me afraid and backed away from me and sort of just stood awkwardly to avoid me. At school I try to hard to make friends. I try so fucking hard. I act super nice and go out of my way doing favors for people. Sometimes I start acting like a stupid silly kid for attention because I just want one person, anyone to just pay attention to me. I tried talking to this girl today and she wasn't even listening and just ignored me. Nobody likes me. NO ONE. I just want to be loved. I just want to be held. I just want my loved one back. But nothing is going to change. People in the halls do their best to avoid me, and others look disgusted/pissed off/hatred towards me when I talk to them. I just want this all to end. This pain is too much to bear. I have the sleeping pills right here. It will all be over soon.