Fuck loveSorry if this post is a mess lmao i just don’t know where to post something like this and I need to dump this out somewhere I don’t care for responses or anything I’m just trying to fucking type out what my brain processes and try to figure out what the fuck is wrong with me. 

I know this is a stupid thing to post about compared to all the people here who have it much worse than I ever had or can imagine at all but I don’t really know how to handle my issues anymore and I don’t know what I’m doing wrong and I fucking hate this shit and I know my view is shadowed by the reality of things but even knowing all of that i can’t see through these insane feelings. 

My life was pretty decent and I never really had to deal anything major in the childhood besides like the abusive step dads. I moved around a lot due to being in a military family and never really made any friends or figured out how to socialize til high school. 

But in the last 3 years I’ve made so many friends and have met people I’ve cared for so much and that have made me happy and I appreciate more than anything. But I ruined that somehow?

Ever since my dad left me last year and my mom has started to become extremely depressed I’ve seen my life fall apart and I kinda don’t know how to deal with my feelings. 

The people in my life have started to notice and not talk to me anymore since I’m not the outgoing happy self I am anymore? I don’t know why I don’t know fuck like seriously 

After I slaughtered all of my friendships the last few months my best friend was always there for me and we spend time together all the time. 

In July we started having casual sex cause we were bored I guess but we both had the mentality of keeping it completely like no strings attached etc etc. 

Over the months passing I ended up growing feelings for her more than I already did. Before she was my best friend and I loved her cause of that cause we were close and we were there for each other while we were going thru shit. We started spending days and weeks on end over the breaks we had just laying in bed and having sex and talking and doing nothin and not leaving for days and days and something about just indulging in another person so long? Idk it isn’t the sex why I love her at all it’s just all the time I spent with her during these last few months and I’d push back all of those thoughts because they felt unorthodox 

One night we were laying in bed and we were little tipsy and I finally realized how deep in love I was with her. I realized the feelings weren’t lust or anything it was genuine and I couldn’t replace that with anyone. I started crying in her arms and she cuddled me and told me she’d never leave and I felt so complete and I sunk to the bottom of that mattress and I wish I could never leave that moment 

All of this is over July to now by the way, just clarifying. 

We started having issues, we’d argue all the time over trivial things and it’d all stem from my insecurity of her being mad at me or being scared of her leaving. 

I got mad at everytbing and slaughtered the last thing that I feel like I had left. 

We healed from that though but she isn’t interested in a romantic relationship with me at all and I get it. She’s starting to talk to someone, we’re still fucking tho. She says she loves me more than anyone and no one can replace me in her life and she doesn’t want to do anything with anyone because she knows how much it’ll hurt me and i feel so ducking guilty for keeping her hostage like that. Everytbing she does in her life still is to try to make my happy and I do the same but at this point in my life I have nothing else that I care about and she has so much ahead of her. She got accepted to a crazy good uni, her friends love her, she’s a solid 9/10, she has great grades and a supportive family that likes me as well. So she always has stuff to look forward to and a positive outlook on life and j bring all of this negativity and stress to her and I don’t mean to I just don’t want to lose her. 

I told her yesterday that it wouldn’t hurt me if she went to the movies with this one guy she was talking to and I know it’s small and almost nothing major will happen but I’m scared of losing her and I’m so codependent to her I know it’s unhealthy I know it’s fucked. I’m honestly so fucking broken I’ve had 5 panic attacks and the only thing that helped me was a shit ton of cough medicine and sleep. I was with her this morning and left right when she was starting to get ready and I was fucking dying seeing her get ready and look so pretty for someone else. 

I know she loves me and she cares about me more than anyone. I know that’s a fact. I know she’d die for me. I know she’d do anything to make me happy, there is no doubt about it. She’s done so much that no normal human would ever do for another person. But she knows I’m not the one that she wants to be with in that way. 

Just clarifying this is all in the views of very immature people cause we’re both 17? Idk if all of this seems from an immature view but it is so idk, she’s going to university soon and I’ve signed my AECF contract for the military. So I knew this was gonna come to an end eventually 

I’m scared of losing the only thing I have left in my life and I feel like a stupid shit for making someone else that. I don’t really have friends anymore it’s just her. I made her my life and now I’m in a fucking ditch obsessed and I can’t escape and I don’t know how to fix myself at all and I know it’s just teenage emotions or something idfk but I fucking hate loving her so much.

Sorry if this isn’t what this sub is for fuck I’m sorry 