What do I do?I'm going to try to summarize as much as I can.
I apologize for not wording things very clearly.


I know I have potential to create great things,
but I never have time.
I keep discovering barriers that people build up to prevent
any kind of overall progression for the sake of personal
gain.


I spend slow periods at work - programming ways to
completely automate certain tasks. I can see more and more
that most jobs can be done programmatically.
Most people don't know that this is possible - "how could
a computer do what a person does?"

I start every project with this question: "How does a person
do it?" Or "How is it achieved by life?"

I can see fairly clearly how advances in very accessible
technology can make people's lives much more fulfilling,
including drastically improving the quality of life for 
those with disabilities. Why are we still flipping burgers?

Why can't people see that [in the US] we are building walls
to keep each other from actually getting anything done - so
that whoever builds the wall makes a little bit of money
for everyone that must climb over it?
Why can't people stop trying to make money out of nothing?

After spending all of my down-time at work on learning and
working on these projects of my own, and spending all of my time
at home working still, just to give myself a little more hope
that the pointless tasks I carry out day to day at my job
aren't all that I exist for...
It is so obvious to me how advantagous learning every day is,
and it has become disgusting how material people can be.

I feel this also has to do with my background in design, I
spent quite a long time also learning how to build whatever
I needed in several different forms. Something broke? Just
make a new one, learn how it works. How does this piece of
[element] mean that much to you? You can make a new one by doing
x, y, and z. And by making it yourself you will gain valuable
skills and bring even more value to the thing you already cherish
so much. 

I can see the EXPLOSIVE potentialthat I KNOW everyone has to 
do absolutely incredible things for the future of humanity.

Why can't people see that money is equal to time spent working.
Time spent working is directly equal to the money you spend on
things to distract you from how much you dislike your work.

I have never felt work to be more meaningless. It seems
the only options are to either take advantage of others for
money, or to be taken advantage of. I'm tired of this rat race.

So tired of it, that I am no longer bothered by the people that
cause disruption in society. Cutting in line, swerving through
traffic, screaming at their children for not doing what they
clearly haven't taught them - screaming at themselves through
their childs ears.

It doesn't matter to me anymore. How do you think they got to
that point in their life? At any point you will try to do your
best to make the right decision for you based on your past
experiences. Victims of circumstance, it happens. I no longer
feel obligated to feel any negativity towards these people
because that will never amount to anything. Unless you can
find a solution and open their eyes to this... fucking 
beautiful world that is at our fingertips every moment of the
day... if you can't make them see this, there is no use in
quarrel.


I do not know how to reveal this world to people.
I don't know how to get out of this cycle of work-work for 
greater good-be interrupted by work-work-maintain 
sanity-work-work for greater good, loop.

Nothing would make me happier than dedicating my entire life
to writing programs to help those with nerve damage, amputees,
or even those with paralysis to be able to explore the wonders
of using brain computer interfacing to take back control of
their lives. Nothing would make me happier than kissing the
cutting edge of AI, machine learning, even spending all of my
time writing code to just assist those with tedious jobs that
just don't know how easy it would be for someone to write some
code for making their role so much easier, more fulfilling,
more focused. Nothing would make me happier than to be designing
and delivering little science projects and kits that required
colaborative problem solving door to door to help communities
realize that they don't need to hide inside all day. Nothing
would make me happier than to be able to help us all to realize
that we are all here to solve the problems of life - we don't
need to keep each other prisoner, playing bullshit guessing
games and toying with each other's minds in order to move
forward. 


Nothing would make me happier than waking up every morning to
a problem I had no idea how to solve... but the determination,
discipline, and my ideal view of the future would give me
the fuel to keep pushing forward.


I'm 23. For a few years I've been told that things will get
better. For a few years I've been making predictions about
a myriad of little evils that churn society into the greedy
engine that can't help but see now. Every prediction I have
made has been true. I don't know how to convince someone
that they can find a greater happiness outside of what the
whole world has told them how to operate.

I really have no clue. I am starting to believe that I will never
be able to find a solution to this problem.

And nothing has ever made me more afraid.

I need help. I don't know what to do anymore. After all of this
I'm losing meaning in all that I've come to learn.
