Considering being stupid tomorrow and just having this all be over withI don't want to talk about anything in detail regarding my past or my issues now. To be brief, self hatred is the issue and its very strong. I totally understand that my thinking is really distorted and wrong and full of cognitive errors, but it doesnt matter, I just want to hate myself and not get better. 

I keep getting close and thinking that I should call out for help one last time, maybe there is something missing that I havent considered. And to no one elses fault, people try to help but really nothing can help me when all thats on my mind is how disgusting and evil I am and how I want to hate and hurt myself and the reality doesnt matter. 

Frankly, whats pushing me over the edge is the fact that my future is the isolation and self hatred now but worse and the fact that I am frustrayed and give up. Nothing is working and I have tried a lot. Every way I try to look at life, I still end up so ashamed and guilted and angry at the hunk of shite I am. 

I havr been waiting and waiting so long. I guess the day to finally do it is whenever I have grown tired of failing and hurting and being what I am. That day was long ago, I fucking give up, I will never be better. I am so fucked in the head, I make no sense, I understand and know nothing, I'm a moron with nothing to be proud of. 

If I attempt, I cannot fail because it will permanently destroy my life and relationship with family and the logistics of work and school. Luckily its hard to fuck up with a shotgun. Suicide is stupid because I destroy the family I love, I cant predict the future and I permanently am over. But I am so frustrated with it all, I want it to be over and don't care if its the dumbest decision ever or even if it destroys my family. 

What else can I wait for? No one can save me and I am not saving myself. I cant try, no one can fix me for me. I have tried it all, I'm just a pathetic moron making problems for myself when I should have none. I don't think there is any answer out there or solution. Theres a good chance I feel better tomorrow and not do it. But eventually at this rate, I will. I need to get angry enough at myself for the courage to drive out, get drunk and do it. 