I dont believe it gets better (dont read if youre feeling fragile)I've read a lot for about 7 years about ethics, happiness, philosophy, religion, self help and as much as i can stomach of psychology. every psychology book or lecture i try just makes my stomach turn in knots because i dont believe the treatments. i dont believe consciously lying to myself (just think positive) and taking drugs every day can help me "think more clearly". it feels like cult stuff to me and makes my skin crawl. ive been in therapy for 2 years with 3 different therapists. i feel worse than when i started. 1 said she wasnt qualified to deal with my specific issues, the other took maternity leave and the other i chose to stop seeing but he said since my mood has been very low for however many weeks in a row it was he wouldve suggested i switch anyway the next week. now i see no one and no way out. i feel hopelessly insane, ugly and like ill never be anything but another horrible person in the world miserably toiling away paycheck to paycheck in a dead end job. just ignoring how horrible my life is seems worse than struggling to change it till i kill myself. i feel meds will keep me just a step or two above suicide for decades till i get alzheimers or something. (you can skip to the next paragraph if you want, heres a rant about free will). my therapists seemed to try and convince me of gods existence but god is just a thing those too anxious to admit there is no justice or afterlife convince themselves of. they also tried to convince me of free will so id believe in existentialism but it seems to me obvious it doesnt exist. if we are free to do what we want but cant chose to want or not want something how are we free? not to mention the fact that mental illness, intellectual disabilities, dreams and drug use attest to the fact we are biochemical puppets. think how different a person with alzhiemers or high on lsd acts. the way you react to something is exactly how your body with your upbringing/environment would act. if free will existed psychology, psychiatry and neuroscience wouldn't exist. after many conversations like that with my therapist they eventually said they recently saw a new study saying free will doesnt exist, that im too smart for my own good, i changed the way they talk about free will to their class (i doubt i changed a full grown college professors mind on free will with basic arguments hes likely heard before) but that he also saw a new study saying people who continue to tell themselves theyll be unhappy will be. it struck me as suspicious he found those two "new" studies in the same week and suddenly admits free will doesnt exist. he also seemed to concede god doesnt exist either (he might believe in god. either way i dont believe i shifted his opinion with how many years he mustve spent studying). his profession is based in the idea factors beyond your control shape your behavior


the reason i brought all that up is because it shows he was lying to me because the truth is too horrible. hes also said lots of little lies which ive called him on and usually seemed to make him nervous.  i feel fundamentally broken in the most important ways. like i do things that hurt myself both literally and in the course of my life. in a lot of ways i fantasize about bad things happening to me with longing but most of the time its with dread. i often see graphic visions of my own grizzly death when i close my eyes trying to sleep. it seems ridiculous to suggest someone with misery so closely entwined in their psyche can be happy. "getting help" feels like a carrot on a treadmill. "just keep trying, youll be happy one day". i dont believe in having biological children in todays world and i dont believe im cut out for relationships. the relationships of been in had domination elements to them and it makes me feel horrible about myself and i break it off. ive decided to die alone.

I'm just looking for answers but half my life was spent obsessively trying to find some way to be happy other than denial of reality