Everyone has his day and this is mainI've always been the moron who says that life is beautiful, that you gotta be intelligent , that there's a solution for everything, that there are good people... I've been that moron who claims he can understand everything and everybody, that person who came here and acted like he could never give up because he wants to and is going to help everyone and he's able of everything, but today, today I COULDN'T be that anymore.
I've been in a extremly wild and hard mood swing, "just" because things aren't going how they're supossed to go, how I pictured them out, and it's not like I have no choice, I wanna believe that I have I really WANT, but 1 millions times DAMN IT, DAMN IT AND DAMN IT.
Why life is this fucking hard why my feelings are this fucking extreme.
Why I get up looking at the mirror and see that I'm not handsome anymore because I've lost an insane amount of weight since  last year,lost hair, wrinkles, my face looks like some other old person. Why I can't find a special friend for myself because all would be more fucking easy.
Why I can't even say one fucking day that I don't feel OK, and have NEVER felt, always faking the whole fucking thing and anyway everyone would try to make you think they are worst.
Why I can't even have a family.
Dealing everyday with social anxiety/depression and since I don't look how I did 1 year ago it's strengthen to an extent that there's no even word to describe it.
Everything I tried to earn the money I need to change this situation has been fucked up so bad , waking up at nights because a strange feeling in your chest that makes you instantly think that  time keeps running and you keep alone, you keep in the same situation, you keep faking, you don't have one person who knows a single fuck about you and all you have to deal is alone, always ALONE.
To stablish ties with a person takes TIME, and while you keep growing up/older it's harder and harder, I've always known this, how are you suppossed to do that after certain age (and it's not like I'm old I'm "just" 19).
I think I don't want to have a girlfriend, first because of my situation and second because you have to be supportive towards them, you have to be strong... -insert infinite list that keeps going on. Meaning that I would KEEP represing every damn thing I feel, I want somebody to ask me how I did today, I'd like to have a dad and prepare the dinner for him, a person who hugs the hell out of me, years without a fucking hug, I would like to have a dad, a mom, a brother, a bestfriend to play, to get caught doing some noise.
Feels like someones grow up since child and never have a fucking opportunitie of living, since I was 8 years old I lived alone and never had somebody, NEVER, and never could supply all these needs, it's one of those things that really hurts me.
I act like nothing happened, like there was never a christmas day where I would buy something, wrap it with papper gift and the next morning get up excited to open it and see what was it while thinking: what the hell am I doing?, there weren't years where I would sleep alone and hungry because I didn't know how to prepear anything, days where I would pray please don't let me here with tears in my eyes, a day where I was raped but there wasn't anyone to help me, days where I wanted to go out with some friends but I was a child, I couldn't and I was prohibited to tell anyone I was alone, days where I would lock myself in a toilet because my friends' parents always went to take them home and I didn't want anyone asking questions about me, there was never a day where I would write on my pictures that I don't deserve happines, all the child abuse received by my own "parents" that I wont mention because this is probably so long by itself , I act like nothing happened, never spoken about that, only Reddit knows now these things and it's probably one of the reasons of how I am. I'm probably going to move on but I really think what's the purpose of this,I dont want to live like this anymore and everything I try doesn't work.
Always tried not to be scared of this everlasting fire and it's bitter stories but this path is cold  and this path is so large, losing pieces of you on it. I would like to be tamed by someone and stop being this wild creature lol. 
Sorry that I couldn't be the positive moron today, I will, soon and for all my typos : ).  haha...