Trying this to vent; dont know what to do anymoreFirst of all I want to say that English isnt my native language so please forgive any mistakes I make.

I am trying this a sort of last resort. In the last 10 years (I am almost 21 now) I have experienced in those years many beautiful and precious moments, but also horrible ones. I was bullied (in I think extreme ways) for 3 years and that fucked me up for a while: depression, therapy and the like. That was the first time I was suicidal and I also thought that was my rock bottom. I changed schools and I lost weight and made many friends. Those 2 years were the best of my life. I got a girlfriend that left me after 2 years in really mean way. I also made mistakes but the way she left me (she deliberately made my life hell) made me think about ending it again. That brings us to last year. I chose a gap year because I didnt know what to study. I also applied for a job which I got. It's a job for students so the whole ambiance is very social (our own pub and partys and the like). That job dragged me right out of that depression and I made so many friends. Months later, I met a girl (a sister of a colleague haha) and she rocked my world. Of course I have friends to whom I can say everything, but she was something else. She knows everything about me, and I know everything about her. The sister is also one of my closest friends I have. But M (the girl) stills lives at her parents and 2 hours away. So one day we excited to meet in secret (parents were away) and we ended up having sex. Until this day the sister doesnt know it. We met a second time and we seriously fell in love. But she lives 2 hours away, her parents are abusive, she is not in a good place too. The big sister is in a depression so if she finds out about this, well lets say that it wont end well. M chose to end things, not because of me; 'she was never so in love as with me' but because she thinks that the relationship isnt gonna work. My reaction to this was drinking and partying everyday. Im drunk almost every evening. I lost my job (and thus also the social things with the job) because of this and some other shit. 
I simply dont know what to do anymore. Everything is failing. Im failing my classes. Im a burden to my parents and friends, also to M because al those people are gonna go to shit because of my pain. I cant end myself because I will fuck their lives up. But I want it so damn bad. Every minute not drinking is living hell. I am a failure