I need to help a friendMy roommate is strongly thinking of suicide. He's been severely clincly depressed for most of his life but lately he has been psychotically depressed.

When he has been drunk, he claims he is the second coming of Jesus Christ and I think he believes it when he's sober as well. When he's been nearly sober, he has stated how he puts a gun in his mouth every day and tries to pull the trigger. At this point, he sleeps all day and is doing nothing at night except drinking and watching anime. He leaves the seat in front of the TV for very little and it is incredibly upsetting to me.

The worst part is that our two closest friends are little to no actual help for him. He refuses to accept that he may need medication or therapy or really anyone who is certified professionally to help him cope. He is insistent that he will be a zombie or worse if he is medicated despite having evidence that would not be the case. Then add at least one of those two friends is enabling and reinforce that believe that he meds are a bad idea and he does not need to talk to anyone but that one friend.

He owns several guns in my house where he lives with me and I know he has plenty of ammo. He has tried to cause a severe car accident to kill himself and then blamed it on saying he 'hit a deer'. His behavior has been severely disturbing at times and despite that I know alcohol is the reason for those flare ups, I know that there is a much deeper problem. I know he will never be able to move forward to a better place unless he seeks some professional help.

All of this stems from work related stress and that's never going to be resolved without him getting real help. I can not control him and I can force him to see some one or take meds. I was in a place with him where he was almost willing to but that one friend convinced him not to try and that he didn't need it after the most recent incident. 

I do not know what to do because I know I can't be there to make sure he will not kill himself every day. I do not know for sure that he will succeed at his attempts either. I am not willing to take a chance on this and I want to make sure he survives. I know medication and therapy is the right choice and he will not do that.

It is ruining me on a daily basis and I am almost expecting him to try and succeed again at any moment. I cannot feel comfortable with him in my home without him doing something to show me a step in the right direction to care for himself. I cannot live with this stress and I do not know what to do any more.

If he will not get therapy or meds I need him out of my house because I am in no place to deal with this. I don't know what to do and I need help for him. I need help for me too because this is too much for me to handle. I can not sleep and I am having trouble eating even making sure I can focus on myself with him like this.

I need him to do something, anything positive for me, and he will not. Our friends are not helping like I or he need them to. I feel responsible for him now because he will not be for himself. I need to know what I can do and I am willing to take all the advice I can get. 

Any suggestions?
