God is trying to tell me to kill myself.I’ve (25) been having some freaky thoughts and ideas going through my head lately. the last couple months of my life have been nothing but down hill, with my father (50) recently being diagnosed with Parkinson’s plus, I decided to move back in with my parents.. and since then I get constant thoughts that my parents hate me, my dad always gets quiet when I walk into the room, and when i’m not around I can hear him speaking clearly and having a great time with other family members. my mom who used to be a sweet, quiet lady is constantly attacking me by mentioning things that relate directly to me without saying it to my face, like finding a real job (which I just did) or how I’m not hanging around my father enough (I’m in severe credit card debt and have been spending every day doing food deliveries in order to help me get by, but when I’m not, I’m always with my dad) or they try to find ways to make me feel bad about family vacations that I can't go on. but even before that, I’ve had this image of god in my head sending me messages that everyone hates me, sometimes I’ll be cool with someone and then in my head out of nowhere I feel like they hate me.. I feel like I’m walking on egg shells everywhere, like if I’m talking to my uncle, he’s really cool with me as long as I’m quiet, but I feel like as soon as I say something that I’m passionate about, or just have an idea, he looks at me like I’m a psychopath, I feel like I have an aura around me that rubs people the wrong way, and I have an aunt who I want to be cool with, she’s a black lady with a loud stern personality, and she hates any time I joke or try to get along with her, she tries not to show it, but it’s obvious she wants nothing to do with me. .and I’m not going to sit around and act like I’m an angel that is easy to talk to.. I’m an anxiety ridden freak, I don’t like judging people but I feel like my brain is always trying to pick out a negative point of a person or an experience, and they can tell that I’m full of shit while smiling and being nice. Now I can’t help that happening around strangers, but around my family I’m always nice to them and try to help them as much as possible, and when they look at me like I’m a liar, it makes me feel evil inside and that I’m not worth anything since they’re the only reason I live. I don’t directly have an urge to harm myself or cut myself, but lately I’ve been feeling more worthless than I’ve ever felt. I think I have a disorder where it makes me look at my female family members cleavage, even tho there’s no sexual ideas going on, I get really distracted and nervous around the idea that they have female bodies. At the end of the day, I have a weird idea that god wants me to kill myself, it’s like he’s brilliantly creating these situations that challenge my anxiety and depression in the worse ways possible. (I’m not some religious nut, I don’t even think there’s a Jesus, I just think there’s a force in the universe that manages and guides my life, sometimes I can feel that force talking to me) The only reason I’m writing this is because I’m feeling the pressure of killing myslef lately, (I know I won’t, I’m 110% sure I won’t do it) but the THOUGHTS are what’s fuckign with me, I want it to stop, I can’t afford meds or a doctor, I’m just some food delivery douche with no benefits or meaning, so I thought maybe hearing of other people’s experiences with similar thoughts might help..