Afraid I'll do something stupidI've been idealizing suicide for most of my life now. I think about something related to killing myself, how I would go through with it, how it would impact those around me, my family, my friends, how it would impact people I haven't seen in years and such almost every day or every other day and I've been doing it for years. 

I worry about my future often. I am in anguish about it even. This makes it very hard for me to have a positive outlook on things. But the main reason why I feel like giving up on life is the loneliness I feel. I don't connect to people, I very rarely feel something genuine for people in my life and I'm certain it's reciprocal. When I do feel something a bit more, it's always unrequited and ends in heartbreak. Already as a child, I tended to hide in my shell and isolate myself from others, and every time where I have dared to come out and allowed myself to care for something and show a little vulnerability, it only resulted in pain and reinforced my tendency to just disconnect. I have never found love, I long for it, and at this rate I'm starting to think I will never find it.

I've given a lot of thought to suicide, but I don't think I'll ever do it like you see in movies where everything is so meticulously planned. If I think about it long enough, even if I really want to give up all hope, I know I'll find a way to rationalize not doing it. What I'm afraid of is impulse. Sometimes the pain just becomes to much to bear, and I impulsively desire to destroy myself. I had this feeling a few times, I never went through with it, but I felt I was close as fuck to actually do it. I'm really afraid one day soon, I'll have this urge to die again and this time it's going to be just enough to push me over the edge.

I want to love and care for another. I know deep down I am able to. I know for a fact it would give my life some form of meaning. But I feel so alien compared to others. I never feel I can establish a real connection to anyone. Maybe I'm just incapable of contributing value to the lives of others... The solitude is driving me insane. Every human needs to feel connected... Without wanting to sound like some entitled "incel", I think I deserve love too. I never understood what I did wrong to not deserve it. The sadness gets unbearable at times.  