Not sure how much longer I can keep goingSo let me first apologize because this post will likely be long winded and poorly formatted. My current situation is that I'm a young man about halfway through American university. Unfortunately, I come from a broken and poor home and paying for school is becoming more of an issue. My tuition is covered by financial aid (otherwise I wouldn't be able to attend at all), but things such as food, shelter, and textbooks are not. I've shouldered most of financial burden myself, especially in recent quarters, working throughout the year to support myself. Unfortunately, my savings have finally run dry and my parents are unable to provide any support, so it looks like I'm going to be homeless next quarter. Funnily enough, this won't be the first time in my life I've faced such circumstances. I was homeless for a good portion of my childhood, and spent middle school staying in seedy motel rooms when my dad could afford it. There were a lot of other  negative factors that contributed to the quality of my home life, but for the most part I tried my best in school because I knew it was the way out of this lifestyle. However, it's been a constant battle between that optimistic attitude and my suicidal thoughts. I remember in 6th grade I would look over the railings of the third floor of the motel I lived at and consider jumping. When I was 15 I actually attempted suicide after doing poorly in a class and getting the laptop my mom had saved her money to buy me stolen. There are very few people outside my family who know about that attempt, and even my family doesn't know that I still harbor those thoughts (I bullshitted my way through therapy and convinced them that it was "for attention"). Things haven't improved much since then, financially or otherwise. Each year seems to be a harder and harder uphill climb, with more responsibilities and more stress. I try to keep an optimistic attitude and use it to fuel my ambition, but I'm so tired. I'm tired of working my ass off only to be rewarded with more stress. I know that's a part of adulthood and that my lot in life could be even worse than it is, but I'm struggling to see the point of getting out of bed every day. I've wanted to give up for as long as I can remember, and that hasn't changed. Everyone thinks I'm bright, caring, hardworking, and an overall great person but it's a lie. I'm dying inside and I just want to sleep. I don't see any purpose in existence, and am living for the sake of other people rather than myself. I think that bleak philosophy combined with the practical struggles of my life are pushing me closer and closer to making another attempt on my own life. I don't want to be this way. I wan't to be that inspirational figure that people point to as proof that you can make it with enough hard work and perseverance. If I don't finish college though, I know I'll end up taking my own life. And even if I do get my degree, I know it won't instantly make things better. I might have to take out exorbitant loans just to stay in school, and there's no guarantee I'll be able to pay them back. Working so much and stressing about money has impacted my academic performance and ability to participate in extracurricular activities, so I might fail out at some point or not be good enough to land a decent job. I feel like I'm sliding very slowly into inevitable failure. I've fought it off so far but I'm exhausted. I'm beat. I'm empty. I can't even cry. I just want to lay down and never get up again. I've always felt like this, and if it doesn't change I'm not gonna make it.