Can't bear the thought of one more day...Life keeps becoming more and more unbearable. I keep feeling like there's a stone stuck in my throat and like my heart is about to burst out of my chest. There's nothing that I derive joy from these days. Even if I knew I could have it all; love, money, health, beauty, amazing friends, even if I knew I could end everyone's suffering and make the world a much better place, I would still prefer to end my life. It's such a cruel world and I can't stand being a part of it. Even when nothing is wrong, it feels like everything is wrong. The only thing I crave is the taste of nothingness. There's nothing that I look forward to more than being put to rest. I literally have no energy anymore. I can't force myself to eat, and when I do, food has no taste and I feel like throwing up. Everything feels like a chore. Waking up, getting dressed, showering, brushing my hair, talking, even thinking. I feel so heavy, so lonely, so worthless, and I just find myself crying like a baby for no reason. Every time I look at my own reflection in the mirror, I see no sign of life. I only see the void staring back at me; a skeleton; something that can't be classified as human.

My relationship with my family is so superficial. My mother is miserable and I make her even more miserable. I have no real friends. It gets so lonely to the point that it starts to physically hurt.

I've always been an A+ student. I spent three years working my ass off so I can afford going to grad school, and now that I've put all of my life savings into this master's degree and know I will have no money left after this, I can't even force myself to work, even when I know my future depends on this degree. I have three essays of 12,000 words to write in less than six days, and I haven't even started. They make up 100% of my final grades. I had more than a month to work on them, but all I ever did during that time was sleep or lie in bed and do nothing. I can't even muster the courage to talk to my professors and explain the situation to them. They all know me as someone who participates in class, comes prepared and dares to be argumentative. I'm mortified that I'm so weak and pathetic. It's humiliating. I'm so disgusted with myself.

I've been having the worst panic attacks every single day for over two weeks now, and they usually hit me when I go to bed. I start shaking uncontrollably and feel like I'm about to have a heart attack. Even when I stop shaking, the pain in my chest is so unbearable and keeps me awake for at least three hours, and there's nothing that I can do to stop it. I'm just so sick and tired of this. I don't have the energy to fight for anything anymore.

I suffer from trichotillomania and I've pulled my hair to oblivion these past two weeks. I spend hours at a time doing nothing but pulling my hair from the roots. More than two thirds of my hair are gone. I look like a monster. I feel like I have somehow managed to reduce myself to a pile of shit. I feel like a good-for-nothing coward; a weakling; a failure; a disappointment to everyone and myself. 

The only thing stopping me from killing myself is that I don't want to traumatize the people that I care about. I have a loving and understanding boyfriend, but I'm too afraid of taking him to a place that is so dark. I don't understand what he sees in me and keep wondering if he really loves me. I look at him and I see life, joy, beauty, movement, and I always feel like I'm a toxic presence in his life and he'd be better off without me.

I'd rather feel anything but this...