i'm so sorryi was such a happy child. i loved everything and everyone and tried my best to be good to other people. I was always happy. I played video games all the time. I always looked to the future. But, I wonder, how did I ever manage to be happy back then? Even with everything wrong, I always tried to be positive and look for the best in things.

The truth is, I have never had a single friend or person in my entire life who ever stood by me for maybe, I don't know, a few months. I've never had someone who I could tell anything. i was always somewhat afraid to be myself around someone. i couldn't tell them secrets about myself or share my deepest thoughts with them. I never had a real crush on anyone, because I never got close enough to anyone to ever have one. I have never experienced love. I have never had a best friend to fight the world with. Everyone who I have ever cherished is now gone from my life, whether it be me pushing them away, them leaving me, or them moving away. From the start of my high school years, the knowledge that I am utterly alone in this world has tortured me over and over. Realizing my entire life was meaningless from the moment I was born has killed me time and time again, because, even as a child, no one ever truly cared about me, not even my parents, who don’t know the real me. I have tried time and time again to find a safe space online, but that has never worked out. 

I know I'm a soft and weak person. I have to admit that. I'm not like other people who are self reliant and can live on their own without someone. I've always been immature at heart and I won't ever be able to handle the responsibilities of the real world. Everyone around me has their friends, their loved ones, the person who they would spend an eternity with. I want to believe so badly that the world is full of joy and love. I can’t take this reality that it’s not. I don’t even want a lover or a partner. I want someone to relate to and make memories with. 

I have been inclined towards death for the longest time now. I am so sorry for my mother and father to have given birth to such a hopeless mistake. I want to tell them how much I am suffering, but I can’t. I can’t tell them, because they will realize how much of a mistake I am. I want a best friend who will let me cry on their shoulder and tell me everything will be okay. Someone who will let me talk to them all the time and never be sick of me. Someone who could I could play video games with for hours. For as long as I’ve lived, I wanted someone like that. I want to live in a fairy tale where I am happy and I can have one person to share my happiness with. I have given up on anything online, because it has never worked out and I have never managed to maintain anything long lasting. I can’t accept that the world is unforgiving and cruel and I have to learn to be alone. 

I'm only in high school, how did I get to this point? I feel like I never deserved a life, and my life has always been a lie. I deserve to die a slow and painful death, and everyone should forget about me.