It's not normal to think about killing yourself every single day right?**[read the bottom bold for the quick and dirty]**

17 year old senior here

Since I was 15 or so I first got the idea of suicide and what it was. Ever since then, the thoughts have become more and more frequent and concentrated. I literally think about suicide every single night.

And here's the catch: *There is literally no plausible reason for me to want to kill myself.*

I love my life. I love my parents. I have a good home. We're not rich but he does his best to give me what I want (which isn't much). Never been abused, hurt, raped. No immense emotional trauma stemming from a death in the family or anything else.

Running (well, and music) is my passion. I love it to death and have only really been into it since April this year.

I don't have many friends at the moment (2-3 good friends I stay in contact with, and 6-10 others that I know well but have drifted away from for whatever reason). I go to an online school because it's very hard for me to concentrate in class. And it's still hard doing the work at home, but at least I can spend an afternoon on one subject. I've done a lot of open-minded, unbiased research and have found that I 100% have ADHD.

I'm in 12th grade... and don't even understand Algebra. It's not like I haven't been trying. http://www.khanacademy.org/#algebra

I have learned some, so I know that I'm not just plain stupid (I actually think I am very intelligent but that's pretty petty and shallow to say of yourself. I hate my constant self awareness. Not a judgement, but an awareness of my actions and the world. What the Buddhists see as enlightening I see as a curse). As you can see from this post, I'm not too bad with English either. 

It's so frustrating and difficult though, to be sitting there and having my mind race at a billion miles per hour while I'm trying to better myself. I actually like math too.

Online school is the main reason for me not having many friends. I love talking to people and being friends with them, so it's not an anti-social disorder.

I know the majority of people don't feel the way I do. They just don't have this constant lingering feeling that they should just off themselves. It's the worst at night. Because I have online school, there's really no set time to do the work. This has led to many, many nights of thinking about suicide for hours and hours. I know I should sleep. I look at the clock and see it's 4am or whatever it is that night and know that it isn't normal to go to sleep at 5am and wake up at 2pm. I just can't stop thinking about it. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLiuMkGCOC4 : "The time of day in reference is 3:35 AM (or 3:34 AM), which would then be 25 (or 26) minutes to 4 AM." This song speaks to me quite a lot.)

Gosh, I don't think I've ever cried this much. This is the first time I've ever wrote this all out. I know the whole "but if you kill yourself then everyone you love will be sad :(", try telling that to my head because I have for months and it ain't listening.

I don't want to fucking die. But I hate this feeling and don't want it to win. It just might one day though.

**So what reasons are left for me feeling this perpetual, looming feeling of desperation?**

**Only one: My brain/mind is just broken. I'm not right. Something is not working in my head and I can't stand it.**