I’m done with my life and I plan on hanging myself in my basement once everyone is asleepI always was bullied for my learning disabilities, my grades and it basically ruined me for as long as I can remember and especially how my teachers and mom told me I needed new friends and they weren’t really my friends, which I think started my trust issues but I guess they were right. When high school rolled around they ditched me, but I was more or less my moms fault for posting about them on Facebook. 

Then I was forced to get a job I didn’t want which affected my mental health and school work and fucked up my anxiety. I was told I would be working in the back not with customers because of my anxiety. Which was fine with the manager but I was always put on store front and it sucked, I wanted to quit but my mom said she’d hate me if I did.

Then it started with mom saying I made her hate her life, and then I caused my dads diabetes and that they’re marriage is failing because of me, my two older sibling didn’t help when I tried to talk to them about it.  This shit hurt the absolute worse. All because I didn’t have a job but I was afraid to get one because of my last job.

I had a break down one day and my dad tried to punch me in the face.

Then my girlfriend got pregnant and I was happy for awhile but she miscarried, and my work forced me to go in the next day. No one cared and no was supportive at my house and I wish I had the kid because maybe I’d be happy. 

No to short after I got a puppy, he’s the only reason I’m living and I love him more than anyone and anything.  One day he got into an unmade couch that was left on the ground. My sisters were in the process of moving out but I didn’t actually know what it was and he tore up some off the stitching. Luckily it wasn’t the part of the couch you’d see. Anyways my sister got mad and demanded if something happened like that I’d owe 500 bucks. I told her that’s ridiculous and it was mistake from my dog and you should have told me or something what that was anyways.  And if it was so important it’s not my job to look out for it. Don’t just leave it on the ground and don’t care. 

We got into a screaming match, she called me names and blamed me for things. I was done with the argument and went upstairs my sister followed me into my room even though I closed the door and continued to hit me three times. I was broken inside I left the argument and yet she wouldn’t stop.  She then proceeded to cry about how shitty I am while my other sister comforted her outside my room right in front of me, one the words my sister said was I hate you and I hope you die.  Our relationship is better but I don’t really feel comfortable being around either of them and I don’t think I can ever truly forgive my sisters or my parents. 

Then my ex has been doing this thing where we say we’ll work things out and I’ll stay at her place for week and then when I leave she’ll find something I did wrong and leave. It makes me depressed and sad for weeks and no matter what I do or say she doesn’t care.

I don’t feel like being alive anymore, I’m my short 20 years of life I feel so shitty all the time about the stuff I’ve done and how my anxiety has ruined any from of relationships I’ve ever had. 

I actually plan on hanging myself later tonight, I’m not expecting anyone to read this or respond because it’s kind of long but I just can’t do this anymore. 

Stay safe guys