Feeling Like a Boat Lost at SeaI posted this is r/depression but later realized it prob belongs more over here so re-posting 

I've been fantasizing more and more about my death and have contemplated various methods, but none of them seem to be a reliable way. And the last thing I want to have to deal with is a failed suicide attempt and its consequences. This has definitely been one of my most frustrating issues lately and it sounds really boujie to be writing this, but I'm being honest.

I was talking to a guy and he know about my suicidal tendencies, but he told me he's done with me earlier today and I haven't heard from him since. I apologized because it made me realize that maybe I got too caught up in my own feelings and caused him harm (considering he was a suicide attempt survivor as well). I don't expect him to take me back despite how much I respected and admired his soul, but I'm genuinely concerned about his health and how he is. I want him to be happy and if that doesn't involve me, it's okay and it's understandable tbh. But I'm just extremely worried.

The thing about him though was he had been acting a bit rude since the past few days and from the beginning, I kind of had a hunch or gut feeling that kept telling me he was just wanting sex from me and from a few of our exchanges, my hunch seemed true. But I decided oh well, I just wanted to enjoy his presence for as long as I can. I was hurt by his decision earlier today, but I didn't feel angry. Bc I understood it was my fault and I shouldnt have been so irresponsible and selfish to the point that delving so much into my feelings possibly harmed someone else.

To add to all this, my mom hasn't been doing too well but she finally went on vacation with my dad (they're divorced so a messy relationship, but she actually does a lot better when she's with him as long as they're not arguing). She was gone for the past week and it was quite a relief, but she's going to be back in a day and I've been so nervous and stressed. Before she left for vacation, her health got worse which caused her to be more irritable and picky to the point that the situation at home was so tense that I was constantly stressing out. All this stress meant I wasn't sleeping well, had a sore jaw from constantly clenching my jaw because of stress, my body literally stopped taking in food so I lost 10-15lbs in a month and developed vitamin deficiencies and a slew of other physical symptoms (yes, I visited a doctor and have been getting some help for the physical symptoms). But basically, I'm terrified that when she comes back home and my dad leaves again, that her health will get worse again. I care about her quite ardently and attempt my best to be a good care-taker, but it seems like I can never do a good enough of a job no matter how hard I try. The thing is if I mess up, the consequences are always severe which is what I think stresses me out most.

What also doesn't help though is that I've been diagnosed with OCD so I already beat myself up over not doing things perfectly. So it sucks when my mom adds to it with her strict rules and expectations.

I also wish I had friends. The only "friends" I've had for this past year are dudes who eventually hit on me and then go ghost when I let them know that I'm not interested in anything like that and am solely trying to be friends.

I also had to take a year off of school, and now trying to go back to university has been challenging because of financial aid, housing, and because of the complicated transferring process (transferring from a UC with a 3.0 GPA to a CSU). I'm on the waitlist for housing at the CSU I'm transferring to and it makes me terribly nervous because I've been trying to find off-campus housing but it makes me feel so anxious. I really just want to live on-campus for at least the first year especially since I used to live on-campus at the UC I was attending. I'm also struggling with building my class schedule since I'm used to the UC system and not the CSU system. I'm so anxious about this, but I know I need to go to school because I've been a failure sitting at home for the past year now.

In all, I'm sorry but I'm acting all privileged and complaining about my petty problems like a tantrum-throwing, petty child. And tbh I don't even know if any of the above have anything to do with how I feel. All I know is I'm in pain and I've been hurting for far too long now and I just kind of really wish I had some friends.

Sorry for the length and the rant!