M(30) wanting a way to leave. Life is so bad, I might as well be in the frontline.
I hate to say this, but I’ve been here before. I have actually helped others when I can. But this time I just can’t handle it anymore. After spending a year and a half trying to get back my first and only love. I have discovered that she is engaged after a year and a half of being broken up. We were together for three years and I even watched her dad die with her sister.

Her dad was one of my best friends. He told me a lot about things that I didn’t know. And Now or year and a half after we broke up All I want is to die. I lost my best friend, my soulmate and a great friend. For the past three months, I have been trying to figure out a way of getting back in touch with my ex, who I thought about every day and every second I can think of. 

The other day I texted her from a friends phone after she had contacted me to thank me for letting her know that a friend of hers had passed away. She called me twice and texted me three times, But I was asleep. All I wanted in the past year and a half was to talk to her. And I missed it by like 15 minutes. I responded to her text, But no luck. For the first time in over a year my text went through as delivered. This gave me a sense of hope that I had not experienced in my entire life. For the first time since our break up, I felt happy. 

Shortly after I texted her twice, my number was blocked again. Both texts were telling her I was sad to inform her of her friends passing. Since the response was made in entire day I called her. She blocked me again.

Fast forward a few days and I found out she’s engaged. I still love her more than anything. We had a rough patches and in all honesty, she was physically, mentally and emotionally abusive at times. But I can’t get my head around this. I beat the shit out of head the other night against a stud in a wall till I passed out. I woke up in a pool of blood, a massive cut down my head and mass confusion. 

For the first time in over a year (the second before I thought I was going to faint into death, I felt peace). I woke up to my dog licking the blood of my head and did t know anything. Where I was, whose dog that was, notching, but I did remember my ex and frantically calling to no avail. 

As a previous contributor to this page, I’m not seeking advice or help. Other than ways to leave more peacefully. My credit is shot, I’m loaded to the ground with student loans (private and government) all in undergrad and I spent every dollar from my inheritances building a relationship with this girl. 


Now that’s she’s Engaged, I’m left hopeless, broken and looking for a way to escape. The problems run deeper, so again. Please help someone leave this place. We need to cut down  on pollution and everything. I’d gladly save the world some oxygen. 