I'm at a dead end, unsure what to doI'm unsure where to start with this. This may or may not be a long post, so I apologize in advance.

I'm 20 currently, unemployed and living with my mother. I never have had a father because he passed away when I was a newborn baby from a car accident, and I have no other family besides my mom and my grandparents(dad's side). I have a lovely girlfriend who I want to propose to and marry, we've been together for 2 and a half years and this is truly the woman I love more then anything. Well, we got the news that she is pregnant about a month ago from a broken condom, and on top of my current unemployment I also have to help tell her entire family. This wouldn't be a problem if they weren't so religiously strict, and believe sex before marriage is the worst thing to happen to someone(I'm not saying I am against their beliefs, I respect them but disagree.)

I've been living with my mom for about 2 years now, and I've just been emotionally drained from her constant berating of me being lazy, and I feel terrible that I am obstructing her happiness with her boyfriend that she wants to move out with but can't because she doesn't want to leave me homeless.

I've been back and forth with jobs ever since I graduated. I have some extreme anxiety, especially at a workplace around people I don't know. First I was at pizza hut, worked there for a couple months while trying to attend college. I ended up having to quit because I just simply couldn't afford the gas money for college and delivering because the tips were few and far between in the town I was delivering in, and the below minimum wage didn't help. That and they started cutting my hours to keep hiring more people, it just wasn't working.

I had to drop out of college(I had a 4 year scholarship because of my father passing away, and I've been sitting on the money I was given at 18 to help accumulate for my mother's loss) because I just couldn't afford all of the things, I didn't want to ever force my mom to pay for any of it, and I just overall felt it was a waste of time after seeing so many people unemployed with expensive degrees. My mom has resented me for this ever since, and always brings up that "because I don't have a degree I don't have a job," or how I squandered a free opportunity and was selfish even though I couldn't afford it and couldn't bare to use her for gas money and food money. Which is ironic because of my current situation.


Then I tried walmart, which ended up just being seasonal. The pay wasn't very good, but it felt great to be out of the house and to have an actual paycheck. Well, the season ended and I was laid off and not chosen to transition to a full-time career. I tried again at the neighborhood market, but was fired because I was late on my 3rd day to work after having a tire blow from a brick in the road that flew out from a construction site. They didn't care at all that I called and said I'd be late, just fired me 2 weeks later.

I try to pay for things with the money I have from my father, but I wanted to save it to invest in a house. I was able to buy a car with it, that was one of the main uses for it, so I am very fortunate compared to some others. But I just don't want it all to go to waste to try to keep me afloat, I want the rest of it to go towards something important. 


I love my girlfriend and I feel that I just disappoint her more and more as the months go on, and I want to have a job before this baby is born. I couldn't live with myself being a leech, and it hurts every day feeling that I leech off of my mom. My gf always tries to defend me and loves me despite my bad choices, she's a blessing to me and I couldn't ask for anything else. I used to think her family liked me but recently she finally admitted that her father thinks I am lazy, because there are "so many jobs out there." This really stung, mostly because I had really liked her father and she had told me that he would be willing to give me his blessing to marry her if I ever asked and was working a stable job for a few months. And it really upsets me considering all of his daughters, including my gf, were practically handed jobs because of family or family-friends. My gf never had to interview, she was given her job the second she walked in. I don't have anyone to do that for me, my mom is a specialist and works with mentally handicapped children and that place will only hire those with previous experience.

Well, this is where I am currently. I am unemployed, and despite countless applications and dozens of calls and in-person visits, nobody will hire me. I either never get a call for an interview, or I get shrugged off. It's been 2 months now with no interview or call back from anywhere. I've tried walmart again, I've tried best buy(which I was so excited for because I love working on computers and love technology), I've tried target and every local fast food chain. Nothing wants to give me a chance anymore, and I'm at a dead end.

I want to provide for my gf and give her everything she deserves, I want to be there for this baby and raise the beautiful little thing with her. That's all I've ever wanted was a family of my own. I want my mom to be happy and get back to her life with her boyfriend she loves because she deserves it after raising me all alone for 20 years now. My grandpa has kidney cancer and only has a couple years, if that, to live. He's been my main influence through life and has helped me along with my mom, even though they argue and fight with each other.

I'm scared to have to tell my mom and my gf's parents about the baby coming late this year. And I have to do it soon otherwise she won't get the checkups she needs. But I don't want to tell them while I'm an unemployed loser, they already hate me as is; this will just make it worse. I want to work but nobody will give me a chance anymore, and I just don't know what to do. It feels like if I just killed myself everyone could get on with their life, but I'm too scared to even do that and I couldn't ever leave my girlfriend alone with a baby, even though her family would take care of it probably better than I could. The worst part about this is how scared I am to go out and just change everything in my life because of how bad my social anxiety is. It was already hard enough to march in to different companies and talk to the managers about jobs.

What can I do? I basically have a deadline of 7-8 months hanging over my head, no job with nobody willing to give me a chance, and the pressure of so many people I've disappointed and hurt over these last 2 years. I never would have imagined life would hit me this hard and that I would react so terribly, if you were to ask me before I graduated highschool..