Friend needs help and it's all on meTL;DR: Friend is suicidal. I’ve kept her going the past few years and we’re doing really badly. Help. Please.

We're running out of options and time. Since high school, my friend has been depressed/anxious with trust issues. It got worse, and even day by day it seems to go downhill. She’s been self-harming and suicidal for at least a couple years. I'm the single person she trusts and she tells some very dark things to me which I can do nothing about except listen and reassure her, distract her, get her through the night till she decides to go to sleep. But holy shit, it's hard. Exhausting. I can't even imagine how it must be for her. 

She's finally seeing a therapist for the past year (after a chain of shit counselors) but refuses to open up about the real problems to this woman (skirting around the issues if not outright lying, plus skipping pills days at a time) and isn’t making much progress. Then after that she'll come back to me and tell me the things she SHOULD be telling the therapist (not just ranting about her day... it's the dark stuff). It has been affecting me really badly, but whenever I tell her to tell the professional, she’ll be back the next week like fucking clockwork going into her horrifying monologues (never actually threatening to go through with it, but she definitely has these constant unhealthy thoughts and feelings). 

At this rate, she really will kill herself (I feel like with her recent birthday, we’ve passed some sort of deadline or marker or signal). I’ve asked so many people for help in the past few years and gotten absolute fuck-all. I’m desperate and insane and I hate to say it, but I don’t want to hear it anymore. It makes me feel terrible things about her but I REFUSE to let myself think that way because it isn’t her fault. Is it possible that the things she says are true: there’s really some people who just can’t be helped? I just need somebody who can actually understand (rather than nod their head and feel bad for me and angry at HER). Thank you for taking the time to read this and comments are appreciated. 

EDIT: Also, what do I do if she starts saying that she really will do it? I'm worried I won't see the line between what she says now, and what she may say if it gets to the point where she's about to go through with it. I'm hoping to get advice on how to keep it from getting to that point, though.

EDIT 2: I just wanted to point out that I still do have hope for her recovery. It'll be hard of course, but I think she can overcome it with help. I just have no idea what to do anymore, and it's gotten so bad, which is why I've come here.
