I’m happy livingand making the most out of life right now. However on the flip side, unhappy to be here in this position in life. I thought the worst had passed, that I now have it better and can survive with the money I’ve earned after getting into the career I always wanted to get into with the intention to serve and help others. However, the work I do...I am losing hair, super stressed, getting sick, and mentally exhausted, getting wrinkles, getting old, vision going, tension headaches, and there’s not enough time to live the life I want as I feel too drained on the weekends after the 9-5 grind. At my age..still no one wanting to marry me, not have my own family or my own roof over my head or a place to call home, i am disappointed in myself. I am flawed to the fullest - a condition apparently I have that i don’t know the extent of the severity. the reality of things is that as you get older....the less people will care about you or treat you with kindness. Everyone’s just looking for a way to survive and take advantage of those who care about them (or who they deemed as flawed) to get to a better place in their life. Once they do, they’ll disgard me (always happened to me). If I fall, I realized I only fall alone. Then the closest ones to me will then tell me i was “lazy” or “haven’t tried hard enough” and it’s all my own fault for their bad decisions or actions/inactions that caused me to get to a that low point, to want to talk to them or ask them for help. Then the ones you love will try to distance themselves from you, not support you emotionally, financially, etc. until you’re at rock bottom (and you were there to bring them up when they needed you). Here’s a glimpse, imagine yourself on a consistent fight for survival since your teenage years with an incurable flawed genetic condition. Everything you do/say is walking on eggshells, the large elephant in the room, full of anxiety and paranoia that the human next to you will turn from :) to &gt;:( after being near you for a little bit....You would have to pretend there’s nothing wrong with you and that you’re normal (non controllable condition) when humans just want you to go away/disappear. You fight, you find work, you get your education like any normal human, you work lots, you lose work. You thought it was a good sound decision as your family and friend seemed to understand and support the decision. Then after you do...everyone leaves, no one cares. You are at rock bottom. You lose your house, your family, your friends, everyone, financially strapped, and your incurable condition gets worse everyday. You are at rock bottom. You understand that you are alone in this fight and no one will understand how it is like to be you. You make multiple attempts. You fail. You continue to fight, resumes, interviews, anything for economic survival and money to put a roof over your head while the people show you it’s better for you to be gone from this earth because of the condition and you are nothing in life with no one, no status, no use benefit to them, no money. You’re now a vagabond and homesless, live in car, lounge at 24 hour places, couch-surf at friends, boyfriends. Until you land work, thank god you think. A new beginning, new income, new life. Or so you think. Contracts and precarious work to keep you on your toes. In and out of employment. Finally someone sees something in you to keep you in a stable work position. Then you realize after gaining the money after working a few years that your youth is passing you by and it’s too late to be appreciated for the way you look, or your inner liveliness and it’s all about who you know, what money you make, how they could make use of you or else you suffer to be made fun of or bullied at work to try to get you to gtfo of their lives. You realize all the good men are all married and the ones left only laugh at the fact you are getting older and going no where. They don’t want nor value you and you are treated like some sort of last option or only option because they don’t have any. Then you realize you’ll probably never get married or have any family as it’s too late. The money you make can’t buy back the time you used to grind and fight to obtain the work career, and the work is causing you extreme stress and health problems (making the condition worse as you have to be around people five days a week) that don’t necessarily want you there. It’s natural for people to want me gone or dead. When the whole world’s humankind tells you there’s something wrong with you but you still trudge through it with the best intentions for others, the humble generosity, and can still smile and laugh through it all..it gets super tiring, like a huge weight upon your shoulders that you cannot bare. It is a cruel world out there and you remain honest and humble to others. But here you are, strong enough to write all this out today. For a chance that someone would understand you..that it isn’t all sunshine and rainbows just because you smile and laugh and show them your best perfected self (because you’ve seen the world and humans at their worst behavior and the shit that goes on in current society and the way it’s heading) and choose to still hold up a smile and do good for others surrounding you even though they want to shun you or want you to go away from their lives after they used you to get to a better place in their lives. 

I’m just really tremendously tired and sometimes wonder why i’m still here. I ask for a greater being above me, that this is torture for me to be here. What is my purpose, to bare the burden of this incurable condition with others shunning me or using their actions/decisions to hint that they just want me to disappear or be dead? Is my purpose to bare everyone’s problems and sins while I am an easy target for everyone to blame their problems on?

How can I continue living a normal life knowing I’m not normal and am a flawed human being? 

Perhaps everyone is right, I do need to get out of their lives and they only tolerate me because they have to (work, education, family, etc.). Or else I would have been dead long ago. I’m grateful of life and all it’s wonders however some days I do wish I wasn’t brought to this world to suffer through it all without just cause ormeaning..seems unfair I am flawed and no one genuinely wants me in their lives. 

I hope once I do go, that my body can be used as a vessel for future human advancement for science as I know I’m different.

Is it so hard to live a happy, simple life? 