I'm tired of trying to convince myself not to do it.I really am. I'm so fucking depressed it sickens me. Like, just the fact that I consciously know I'm depressed makes me hate myself even more. I'm such a worthless piece of trash, and I'm sick of it. 

I'm only 20, and any time I try to open up to people about how I feel they just tell me I'm too young to understand how being depressed feels. They think it's a fucking joke and that I just want attention. Fuck them and their attention, I just want to feel something better then numbness. That is the absolute best feeling I've had in over 5 years, numbness. It's fucking pathetic. Normally it's just downright disdain for myself, loathing, etc. 

I fucking hate everyone. And it's not that I dislike everyone I know, it's that I either don't like them, or I care about them so much that it's the only thing keeping me here this long. And I hate them for it. I don't want them to be sad, but I don't want to be here. I tried to move away and let the bonds slowly fade away, but they can't. It doesn't work. And I know that I shouldn't do it for them, but that's a selfish way of thinking I feel. If I were on life support I'd want them to let me go. Why can't this be the same? I'll just say goodbye and that's it? It seems so simple.

I've tried before, but I failed. I was going to slit my wrists, but I didn't want to live through it and see the scars every day, reminding me I couldn't even fucking kill myself right. I've tried to poison myself, but I just blacked out for a few days and when I came to I was violently sick. My roommates at the time never noticed. I just need a way that I know will get the job done. No room for error. That's all I've been looking for.

Why can't I just get sick? That would be so much easier. Hell, I smoke for the sole reason that it might kill me since I can't seem to do it myself. 

I know a guy whose father has a gun selling business. I can probably get one with my next paycheck. I've been awake for days thinking about this. I think I'm going to.