I killed my brother in a dream I had...Let me explain. In the dream I was trying to talk to this girl I liked. I was nervous af cause im not good at talking to people. As I'm stuttering just trying to say something ( she isn't facing me throughout the entire thing) my brother (he's older than me for 2 years) comes to the room we're both in and says something to her and she immediately faces him to hear him. Not soon after they're both cuddling and what not while im just standing there not knowing what to do. I woke up confused and frustrated. I had another dream where I was trying to talk to the same girl from the past dream. I go to another room for a moment (dont remember why) and come back a few seconds latter to see that he was sleeping with my brother in the room (they were naked and takinga nap with just a white blanket just barely covering them). I again woke up for a few seconds confused and in rage. I went back to sleep a couple seconds later. In the dream I got so fucking pissed and enraged that I grabbed a chainsaw and started cutting people in half. There was blood everywhere and my brother was the first one to go. The thing is that this dream had a lot of similarities to something that happened in real life. I was trying to talk to this girl one day and everything went not too shabby. A couple days later my brother and I where chatting while he was on his phone and he suddenly showed me a picture of a girl and that the girl said that she has a crush on my brother. When I see the picture it was the girl I was talking to. He asked me if I liked her (I think he saw me talking to her once so i think that's why he asked me) and I refused. Later that night I cried myself to sleep. I was so enraged that I was shaking. That had to be one of the most miserable says in my life. I don't hate my brother for that cause he had no idea of the situation, but then I remember the dream. What if one day I snap and hurt, if not kill, someone close to me. That and many more reasons is why I want to commit suicide. Another thing is envy. I used to admire everything, never thinking anything negative about anyone. Now admiration has turned into pure ENVY. I can't see anything without burning. I can't even watch some damn movie because I envy the character. Hell, I envy my own dog. My dog has received more compliments the past week alone than I ever had. I don't remember the last time I recieved one, and my dog recieving compliments left, right and center while I'm taking him for a walk. I sometimes want to choke him right on the spot, but what's little left of my good self stops me from doing anything that stupid and selfish. I've carved ENVY in my thigh, making it the fourth time I've cut myself this year. ANd don't come and say "oh Ebitan you silly goose, don't focus on others, focus on yourself :)" well I would if everybody's work always overshadow mine. My efforts are for nothing. Even a stupid school assignment isn't noticed because Jimmy there did a far better job than mine. I ENVY EVERY SINGLE THING, AND I WANT TO DIE BECAUSE OF MY SHITTY LIFE. Man, i just want finish college so I have the knowledge to animate and create my own animated series, or study makeup and special effects so I can dress myself as one of the zombies from The House of the Dead. But no, I'm a failure even in my own dreams for fucks sake! My brother once told me that I was going to die alone, and maybe he's right. I've always been alone, never had a gf, not even a kiss, no friends, nothing. I just want to grab my mom's gun and blow my head off. I don't want this life anymore