I am not depressed, but I'm considering killing myself, also maybe wanted to talk. About anything really, I am an lonely asshole.I have 2 options: to live as human looking shell or just to end it.
So yeah, here goes my short biography.
I've never been liked in general by other kids™, I've spend my childhood alone, with parents yelling at each other at home and they was divorced when I was 10, with over sensitive, mellow mother and callous father. Ofc I was bullied, I've spent few nights crying, I've been having some psychological problems kid of shit and started going to therapists(they're ll was meh) when I invited other kids at my birthday party having some hope that someone will come only 3 of them out of 15 arrived, and gave me some cheap, shitty presents, and I stopped caring about social shit when I hit 12.
I was always having problems to relate to others, to understand what they feel. I knew why the're feeling that, but I was cold as stone from the beginning. So, when I hit 12 I started to stop caring about my grades, I don't studied, tbh I never liked to study, to listen that borning shit and doing equaly borning notes. Anyway I still managed to get to higher classes on the lowest grades possible. Teachers tried to motivate me, wasn't working. Some of them said that I was inteligent and have great imagination™, but I was not interested in it. I wasn't interested at anything.
When I hit 14 hatred started consuming me, and as I was getting older it was getting stronger, then bloodlust joined, mostly taking over me.
I've spent 4 next years pretending to be caring and kind person, and it worked for everyone but my mother who was my personal ,,punching bag".(I wasn't reffering to physical violence, but the psychological one, the shitton of it, making my poor mother crying at nights and feeding on it with zero guilt)

I don't care about people, I don't care about my social image when NOBODY teached me how to live in society, I can't make connections with people, but I will do anything to turn your life into hell and get what I want.
And here I am now, an asocial and antisocial fuck with no perspectives on future, good day/nigh and whatevyr™.
Damn, I think that sounds pretty edgy, I am right?
