Haven't attempted in 5 years, but the thoughts are getting worse...I started college recently and it's been going well so far. I love my professors and the subjects. I get interested most of the time and can hold my focus in class.

But I get anxious every day over little things. Then I get depressed because I'm anxious and I shouldn't be. I'm feeling like I have no future worthwhile. Back when I attempted suicide at 10yo and 13yo, my exact thoughts were, "If life really is this, I don't want to be here."

If it's just me getting anxious every day, and putting up with my borderline/narcissist parents for another 4-6 years, I don't want to be here. The four years I spent in high school living with my parents was long and painful. Now I'm looking at least another repeat of that going through college, as my parents are paying for it and I have no job or job experience. I'm the one who took therapy for my parents' disorders and worked through it alone, I wanted to stay so I could become a doctor. In college I realize how much time, effort, and money goes into that. I would rather be an assistant, but my parents look down on this and say the salary I'm looking at (~50,000 for PTAs) is too small... I wanted to some day get a small rural home on a few acres and continue breeding a small group of animals like I've been doing on their farm.

I told myself if it got so bad that I couldn't stay anymore, I would enlist in the military and be happy being in law enforcement later. I like field work. I'm worried I would be letting the rest of my extended family down who expected me to be a doctor, like I'm quitting on myself, and I'll end up having to live in the city/suburb and never have animals or rural life. I feel trapped. I hate the city and suburbs. I also have a horse now that has been my therapy animal for years... if I kill myself or leave, I feel I'm letting her down. I would have to get rid of all my animals here if I left. I'm most concerned for my horse. I love her so much I can't imagine bonding with any other animal so closely... I'm very attached. She's the only thing that keeps me going.

I don't know how much I can handle. I don't know when the impulses are going to get too strong and I'll just scream in public. I don't know when to call a quits and just leave everything behind, cut off from my parents, and enlist. I'm afraid to fail in college or fail in the military. I feel guilty either way. And it just keeps popping up in my head that maybe it's better to just leave entirely. Even when I'm not actively thinking about it, thoughts of purposefully crashing my car or jumping off the top of the parking garage come up. But I don't want to die.