I'm desperate here, I need to talk to someoneI feel trapped right now. The only friend group I feel comfortable discussing this with... well let's just say it's a sore subject right now (nobody died). And I can't really discuss it with my irl friends because I haven't exactly maintained a line of contact in the past few months with them beyond joking around at school. So dropping something like suicide on them out of the blue like that isn't something I feel comfortable doing.

I've been dealing with suicidal thoughts on and off for a while now. It used to be just average intrusive thoughts, but lately it's turned into plans. I used to only think about non-violent methods, like downing a bunch of ibuprofen or something like that, but it's recently gotten more violent. Hell, I fucking picked up a kitchen knife and just stared at it today. I might be going to the gun range this weekend with some friends and I had to shut down the idea of shooting handguns because I don't even trust myself not to put it to my head.

Writing it down, it seems so crazy. Yet, the logical side of me has conformed to these lines of thinking. I mean, what's the point of going through life if every path just leads to death anyways? And look at how insignificant I am against the backdrop of the universe. Literally nothing I do matters, so why not take the fast lane?

I'm a bit of a hypocrite though. The thought of one of my friends actually successfully committing suicide makes me sick to my stomach. I can't take it. If I could cry, I would (it's not anything physical, it's just that when I try to cry, nothing comes out). So what kind of asshole do I have to be to inflict that feeling upon them? Well, I guess my online friends wouldn't even hear about it since I don't have an irl contact in that group. But the point stands for anyone else I know in person.

I'm 16, I'm desperate, and I don't have anyone to turn to right now. I know I don't have a right to be this way, but the thoughts keep getting stronger every day. Please just someone reply.