Nothing's changed. I don't even know what I want to say, or why I want to say it. All I do know is I can't go on this way any longer. Every day I'm plagued by suicidal thoughts. It has gotten so bad that I now dream about suicide. I used to find solace in my dreams, but now that's not even an option any more. I've been this way longer than I care to admit. I'm just too tired to go on.

I suppose you could say I'm weak, I wouldn't take offense. In fact I would be inclined to agree. Almost 20 years of battling depression, suicide, anxiety, ptsd...it's taken it's toll on me. I am weak now as a result. 

I've seen countless therapists, psychologists, psychiatrists. Different support groups, gave religion a shot (I'm an atheist)...all to no avail. I've been on numerous medications, none of which have helped. I'm currently on Prozac and it's doing more harm than good. I'm 31, and I have nothing to show for my life. My mental health problems have prevented me from doing anything with my life. 

I've ruined every relationship that meant anything. I've pushed all of the people who cared about me away. The only people in my life now are those who use me for their benefits. Part of me knows that this is my own doing, in order to make my suicide easier to go through with. 

I've tried to get help, and over a month ago I went in to the hospital. I came out the same, just with more bills. I thought I'd exhaust every option available to me before I decided to end it. 

I even got in a romantic relationship, thinking that would fix it all. I thought loving someone would allow me to love myself, but it didn't work. I only hurt her and myself in the process. I guess some people are just meant to fail. I suppose I'm a bit of a martyr, but honestly I really don't care anymore. 

I'm writing this for my own benefit, that much is evident. It's just nice to be able to get all of my thoughts down right now, as there are a bunch of them. I feel like I'm trying to think a lifetimes worth of thoughts all at once, so at least my life wasn't entirely in vain, (lol crazy right). I've never claimed to be sane. 

I know people will be hurt, will be angry, will wonder if they could have done something. They probably could have, but they didn't. I'm not mad at them for it, I just hope they learn to forgive themselves, and eventually forgive me. Anyone who's known me will know this was something that was a long time in the making. I've attempted in the past, serious attempts that have left my body broken. 

Some people I want to feel the pain from my death, only because of the pain they repeatedly made me feel during their life. Those people probably won't even care, they may never find out. 

I wish I had my affairs more in order. I don't have a will, but I don't have anything really to leave behind. I just want to be cremated, and not have any sort of religious send off. It won't really matter to me when I'm dead, but I'd like to think people would respect my wishes after I'm gone. Most of all I wish I had enough money to cover my funeral, because I really don't want to burden my family with that. 

I know whatever arrangements are made when I'm gone will be modest, and that's fine. My family doesn't have much money, and I really hope they don't do anything special when I'm gone, as it's not really practical, and it's not something I want. 

Usually when I sit and write about suicide, or a note, I get really emotional...but that's not the case this time. I actually feel really calm, almost serene. I know this will pass, and the crushing anxiety will come back, only to immobilize my life again if I don't end it. I know there's no hope, no future for me.

Some people reach that point of no return, where they can't be saved. I'm one of those people. I've had plenty of opportunities to get better, and never did. I gave it a good shot though. There were times of happiness in my life, but they were very short lived...and the bad times severely out-weigh the good. There isn't anything left for me in this life, and I'm okay with that. 

I'm not sure when I'm going to go through with it, but it will be soon. Each day is getting harder and harder. I feel like I'm dying faster with each breath. I've a pretty solid plan, as well as two contingency plans should the first not be achievable for whatever reason. Each plan offers a high mortality rate with minimal pain. You don't have to worry about me becoming a vegetable, or anything like that, (not that I expect you to worry, or even think that you would).

Well, thanks for letting me rant I guess. I'll probably respond to any questions or whatever, up until I go through with it. 

One last thing, my decision to do this is mine, and mine alone. I fought hard for many years to try to overcome my disease. Ultimately it's up to you what you do with your life, and it is your right if you want to end it...I just hope you've done everything in your power to try to live, but if you can't, I understand. 