The dumb, pretty girlReally, I personally wouldn't call myself pretty, but I get enough attention that I accept it. 

Anyway. You know those pretty girls everyone loves to sneer at? The ones that only got where they are by using their looks, manipulating? Well hey, here's one in the flesh!

I can't really remember a time before I hated even existing. Not clearly. From at least 12 or so I have been fantasizing about suicide. Im 25 now. I only stay because it would devastate my family. Most of the time though, now, I think they'd get over it. I barely talk to any of them. Sure it would hurt but it's not like when my dad died, for example. He was a daily part of their lives. That creates such a different, stronger pain. 

So. All this hating existing. Means I've never been able to convince myself to try. If I don't get the results I want fast enough, which is never, I just quit. Or I get someone else to "help". Practically do it for me really. That includes honestly most of my degree. Somehow, I bumbled my way through a computer science degree. At the top of my class even. And yeah, I've even got at least one guy that will tell you I made it through because of him. It's true.

I used that degree to get a job! It started out ok. I was slow or messed up on error handling too much though. Always pissing my team lead off, always having go go fix something I did. Eventually they gave me the absolutely shittiest work to do. It wasn't even programming. And i pretty much quit working. I got in trouble for chatting, for  browsing the web. I got written up for it, and abusing my sick leave. Eventually they sent me to a different team. 

That wasn't so bad! But I wasn't there for long  before I got the great idea to leave state to live with my bf and be closer to my family. My life's been even more of a mess since. 

The new job, I couldn't program because I was waiting on a clearance, without whcjh I can't access their code. A year and five months later, give or take, I was given a programming project! I didn't really do it though. I lied at each check in. I tried a couple times to ask for something that I thought would get me going, but from my perspective the response from my team lead was unnecessarily harsh and unhelpful. It just sunk me worse into this stupor. I'd try to work but couldn't. I'd panic that they'd find out. Repeat. Tomorrow or Friday though... Code review. Wherein they find out how worthless I really am.

(I was considering quitting 3~ weeks ago, and two weeks ago I got my fucking clearance approved. I was literally Beginning to plan what I would do Sunday, and got the news Monday. I was so shocked. I felt like I was obligated to stay and try)

I'm terrified. 

I feel like I've always been on the edge of suicide. I fantasize. I make plans. Hell, I have at least two methods at my disposal right. Now. Not ten feet away. I know I won't, for my fucking families sakes, but I wish. Sometimes it helps me sleep to imagine dying and being gone.

I'm tired though. I'm tired of floating through life wishing I weren't here and seeing what happens next. Im disinterested in making plans. I'm tired of being in pain all the time (joint condition). I'm tired of not  being able to do anything I've found that I love because of it. I'm tired of the physical therapy daily that only takes the edge off. I'm so over being fragile and weak. I'm sick of sabotaging myself by not even trying. I'm another entitled, whiny millennial not wanting to put in the effort required. 

I'm stuck with my loans, with my pain, with my racing thoughts and anxieties, constantly exhausted and wishing for the end.

And I'm so scared for tomorrow.

I'm going to cry in front of my team. There's no where to go, it's all four of us in an open office.

This is so incoherent it's unbelievable.

Well that's what my brain is like all the time. It's part of why I don't talk about my issues much any more.

