Life is just too much effortI've been drowning for well over a decade. The entirety of my teenage and adult life has been consumed by the abyssal maw of depression. I reach out to family, to friends, to well meaning strangers on the internet but nothing helps. They mean well but there's only so many platitudes one can send and they hit with all the impact of a beach ball. I've reached out to at least 7 therapists in this time and they all ended with nothing. I've picked up exercise, healthier eating, mediation, drugs, etc. each for a significant time. They left me the same forlorn soul just sweaty, bored, and missing his favorite snacks. So I dropped them like everything else. Dropped them like everyone else drops me. I've been hearing "it get's better" for the majority of my functional life at this point and at every hurdle it was supposed to improve I was left as dejected as the last.

I'm tried of waiting for some mythical time when "it get's better", clearly the sun will burn out before that point. I'm tried of trying so damn hard only for people to move the goalposts. "I haven't tried every therapist, drug, and niche tactic on earth for a lifetime each so I can't say this shit hasn't worked. Oh I haven't had every experience a human is capable of so the representative sample that has left me morose doesn't count. 

I've got nothing. No hopes. No dreams. No goals. No ambition. No future. The closest I've got to a creative outlet (and also the only approximation of a marketable skill I have) is writing. But an outlet it is not, my anguish flows not out through my pen but instead stymies any attempt at progress. It's all I can manage just to distract my brain for a few hours to keep the pain at bay. I haven't had a real job that didn't drive me to the brink of suicide.  

I'm not even sure why I'm bothering frankly. People mean well but I'm beyond human help. It's becoming increasingly evident to me that I'm not actually depressed, nothing about me is broken or imbalanced.  That's why no efforts to fix me have actually managed to help. I'm working as intended. I just missed my recall notice.