How and when do I leave my girlfriend that has postpartum depression and threaten suicide when I leaveHi Everyone,

  
It’s been one month since her abortion.  She is physically doing well, but mentally, not so well.  I get yelled at on a bi-weekly basis because I am not providing enough support for her.  
I am trying to support her, I cook and clean everyday, open to listen and talk every night, and sleep next to her at night. To her, this support is not enough. I am the only support she has because she does not want to tell her friends and family about what happened.  Her friends and family are 300 miles away.  She did tell one of her best friends, but her best friend is not going to support her because the best friend said she doesn’t support her late-term abortion. Because of this, my GF is afraid to tell anyone else.  
My current support is not enough for my GF.  She says she needs hope, commitment, and intimacy in our relationship. I still do not have feelings for her and do not believe or want to be in a relationship with her. I’ve talked about trying to find a therapist but she refuses to go to one until I have sex with her. She tells me I am not supporting her because I refuse to have sex with her and that makes her feel unwanted. I tell her that our relationship isn’t working and she threatens to commit suicide because I am not trying to fix the relationship, she does not need to try with her life.  She tells me she gave up our child for me and the least I can do is give her a committed relationship.  She says that is the only way she can heal. I am willing to continue to support her, just not in the way she needs support.

Whenever I bring up that i don't see a long term relationship, she goes and grabs a kitchen knife to play around, swinging it and practicing self stabbing motions. Here, I say anything (that i will try my best to make the relationship work, etc)  to just calm her down and drop the knife.  Once, she drove off in her car with a knife.  I couldn't find her so I called the police to keep an eye out.  She eventually comes back to the apartment where the police are and she gets sent to a psychiatric hospital where she stayed overnight.   
I understand she is going through a lot with the abortion and her job.  Do I try be in a committed relationship with her even if my heart isn't in it just so she doesn't do anything dangerous? How and when do I leave her?  
TLDR:  
GF had a late term abortion (20 weeks).  I want to support her and help her get through this but she needs a committed relationship from me and I am having a hard time providing. She blames the abortion on me and threatens to kill herself if I don’t provide a committed relationship. A committed relationship means moving in with her, attending her every need, and being intimate with her.  I do not see a long term future with her and do not want to be in a committed relationship. How and when do I leave her with her being okay?