I’m donePosted on my other account earlier.

I (22f) don’t know how to start this. I’m scared. I’m tired. I’m alone. I’m over it. I’m done.

My upbringing wasn’t the best, my parents separated shortly after I was born and then spent 8 years in court fighting over custody of me and my sister (27f). My dad was abusive, physically, emotionally, verbally. My sister was “brainwashed” by him and did his dirty work, leaving me covered in bruises and scratches. By the time I was 9 I’d had enough and chose to live with my mum because at least she didn’t hurt me physically. Shortly after choosing to live with my mum permanently, she had a mental breakdown and left me with my grandmother. I didn’t understand what was going on and called my sister, thinking she’d be able to help. She didn’t, my dad ended up showing up and my mum spent 3 weeks in psychiatric hospital. Those three weeks were a blur, hateful and awful blur. My mum had another episode when I was 11, I understood a bit better this time, I stayed with my neighbours who had kids. My mum had no support, and lost her job due to injury when I was 12. From then on shit got bad, I became aggressive and and violent, I’d hit hurt and blame her for all the shit that happened to me, and she’d hit back and threaten to send me to my dads or have me locked up. So I’d stop for a while, then something would trigger me and I’d lash out again. I got help eventually, was put on antidepressants. They helped to calm me, and I was able to think more rationally. My mum had two episodes within the space of two months when I was 16, the first she spent three days in hospital and discharged herself, a month later and she was back in after having told me that someone had been watching the house, that they’d stolen all our money, that I wasn’t her child, that she didn’t love me, that my sister and I were the result of rape, that my own father had raped her. Her dr admitted her to hospital and she spent three weeks there. Things settled, her meds seemed to be working but then she lost it again when I was 19, she threw all my stuff out and told me to leave because I wasn’t her child, she sought help and things calmed down. I was 21 when I called an ambulance for her, because I couldn’t take it anymore, all the paranoia and lies and the stuff she was saying, she needed help, she called me all sorts of things and told me I was wrong for doing this. The hospital admitted her and I went to visit a few days later when I felt I was strong enough, she told me that she thought I’d left her there for dead. I’m 22 now and it’s been a year since my Mum was last in hospital, but I’m always on edge waiting for her to snap. I’m tired and run down and unsupported. Tomorrow when I force myself to get up and go to work, she’ll complain that I’m lazy and rude and disrespectful because I spent the day in bed. She knows what it’s like to be unwell yet she can’t see how much I’m struggling, and I can’t take her negativity towards me anymore. I can’t explain to her that when I say I want to die I’m no longer joking, she doesn’t get it. I have no family other than my mum, my sister and father I don’t get long with and haven’t seen or spoken to in 13 years. They don’t understand what I’ve been through, that I’ve done this my whole life, looked after my mum, alone. I’m tired. I’ve spent the entirety of today in bed thinking about when and how to kill myself because I can’t keep living like this. 