My girlfriend told me she attempted suicide. I need some advice.So I've been dating this girl for about a month now, and we went out of town together over the weekend for the 4th with my buddy and his gf. While we were in bed that night we had an intimate discussion and she revealed a lot of disturbing things about herself to me. Her Dad is a pilot the military and hardly around, but she views him very highly, and has an otherwise dysfunctional relationship with her Mom who puts her down a lot. She also told me she had attempted suicide three times in the past, most recently before her high school graduation (she's going to be a soph in college now). She had told me before that she had medication for anxiety and depression in the past, and she told me she wasn't taking it anymore because she felt better. 
So needless to say I was pretty taken back by this. I knew she had baggage, but this is the sort of thing I'd rather not deal with. I asked her how she was right now, and she said it wasn't like she would kill herself if I broke up with her or anything sarcastically. Well, later today after I dropped her off this morning she texted me telling me she thinks her conditions were coming back and was curled up in a ball crying her eyes out and said it was worsened by news that her Dad might be deployed again to the Middle East. I tried to offer reassurance and calm her down but I nearly got my head bit off after just trying to be helpful. 
I'm not really sure what to do here. She is great and cares about me a lot, wild in bed, and otherwise has been a perfect girl so far. I just don't really want to deal with this sort of thing, and I know thats pretty selfish of me. If something happened to her, and even if it wasn't my fault I would feel responsible, and I already feel like I have a burden now of keeping her happy because of this. She told me that I make her feel better when she thinks about her problems with her family, and I'm worried that if I broke up with her she'd have no one to turn to and it might put herself at danger, I can tell she is really, really into me. 
Any advice?