So many thoughts in my head, and very few are positive. A rant/help/I don't even know thread.Before I start this post, I should let you know that I'm only 16, and I'm sorry if I seem dumb or cocky or whatever. It's just who I am and it's part of the reason I experience such heavy self-loathing.

Hi SW, I'm making this post not because I want to, not because I should, but because I don't know anymore. I saw an askreddit post today and a guy mentioned that he would randomly have these thoughts where he'd go "I wonder what would happen if I just drove off the road and died right now". I'm basically been having those thoughts as well, but I put more thought than that into them. This morning while waiting for the bus, I heard a train go by and thought "Maybe I should just take a walk there and jump in. Yeah let's go do that." before I walked down the street towards the train, took a deep breath, and sighed, before I went back to where I was before. If some of you are the type to see every post that comes in here, I've been here before due to depression that I'm still dealing with. I'm not here for sympathy, I thought I'd tell you my story, how I've made it to where I am now, and my current frustrations. It doesn't bother me if you don't want to read all of this, but long Reddit posts and video games are some of my favorite ways to vent my frustration, anger and sadness...

Important details about my life: 

First off, I'm smart, not the typical teenager who thinks that they're smart but is actually very dumb, but personal invites to Harvard for talks with Nobel Prize winners-smart (not an hyperbole, this actually happened). I've been called a robot due to my ability to just instantly understand something complicated and I have an odd obscession with knowing random, unimportant facts. For instance, did you know that the Beatles song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", a song that was 100% about LSD, was denied as such by singer John Lennon until his death? Basically, sometimes I am the reason the term "You learn something new everyday" applies to people. I'm a bit of an introvert, but have random occasions where I will talk with no filter at all. It's weird because I'll go from being the smart, straight A quiet kid to being the class clown in 2 seconds. I feel like I have some sort of personality disorder because I have a seperate personality for most interactions with people and I absolutely DISPISE it when people who are familiar with one side of me becomes acquainted with a different side of me. For example, if my friends ever talk to my family or even hear them in a skype call, I get very upset. Another issue, I have a very addictive personality. That's part of the reason I have so much irrelevant knowledge. I become interested in something and all of a sudden I *need* to know everything about it. It became a much more serious issue when my best friend became a huge pothead and since I was like his little brother, I followed with him. Hallucinogens, enough weed to make create a life-sized cutout of myself, and gallons of alcohol later, I cut ties with him. This also got me suspended in middle school due to a situation with a girl who brought perscription drugs to school and gave them to my now ex-girlfriend and me, I got suspended simply for not telling on her. These experiences have heavily influenced my beliefs and my very bad trust issues, hence why I'm hiding behind a throwaway account and not talking to my friends and family about this. One last thing for this section, friends. I don't know if something is broken in my brain, but I don't feel the need or desire for friends/SOs. I care too much about my education and my life (call me selfish if that applies) to worry about others. I don't know if I'm attractive or not, because I don't try to get with anyone nor does anyone try to get with me. Friends are kind of similar except I have some of these, but when I go days, weeks, or months without talking to them, I don't feel lonely or even upset about it. There's only two people who I sincerely care about who aren't related to me. One is my "twin", who is the only person who will play the game that I'd consider my hobby with me. We argue like brothers, we were born on the same day, we have similar hobbies, I honestly would think we were seperated at birth if we looked alike. The other person I care about is not nearly as close to me as I'd like. I care about him not because I'm attracted (far from the case), or because I want to be friends with him, or because we have similar hobbies, but because he is practically a carbon copy of myself before drugs. I wanted to fit in with everyone, be in a friend group of really cool people, tried to be funny, and still maintain my intellegence while doing it. Of course, all of these aforementioned things crashed and burned, the bridges with that friend group is nothing but soot now, and I'm here typing on a subreddit who's posts are all related to suicide. For me this person is the equivalent of /r/fiftyfifty, I know what will happen next and I keep watching hoping it won't be the case. I've tried my damn hardest to stop him, but I've only been met with resistance. I know what the next chapter of his life will be like, and I feel disgusted with myself that I can't do anything except watch. I feel like a person who's read the Game of Thrones books and then watches the TV show to see it happen again, except this is real life and this guy can't just get out of costume and go home to his family richer than he was before. Anyways, enough of that, on to my personal belief systems. This part might offend some and might make others happy, just remember that there are billions of people who have thoughts just as complex as you and can come to different conclusions.

Thoughts and beliefs:

I'm a self-proclaimed athiest while being very spiritual at the same time. My head has a never ending fight of left-brain vs. right-brain, if you couldn't already tell from my first sentence. I don't believe that a single person created us, but I believe that there is something to us more than just the law of truly large numbers. I believe that there is an afterlife, but I don't think any major religion perfectly describes how I feel on this issue. I think that there is a form of reincarnation, but I think it is decided by you when or who you become. I don't know, I'm probably just crazy, but I get these opinions from my time on drugs and my interest in meditation and OBEs. These things truly fascinate me, but one will destory me and drain me of my money and the others are inconsistent at best due to me not having the time for them. I'm afraid if I go further than just a casual observer of /r/psychonaut I will lose my mind more than I already have. I'm truly awful with money so I'd end up doing something dumb with it. I feel like hallucinogens would be the russian-roulette version of turning my life around, the bullet in this metaphorical case would become an real bullet, sadly. To sum up this section, if you want a majority of my belief system, read the lyrics to the song "Imagine" by John Lennon, or just listen to it, it's a damn good song.

Hobbies:

Probably the happiest part of this, my hobbies. I'm a gamer, was raised as a gamer, I've played them my entire life. Any genre you can think of, I've played it. (except dating sims, that just seems weird) My current obscesion is a fighting game that is 14 years old but still maintains a very large fanbase. I speedrun, I play games competitively and casually, it's really nice. The only negative part of this is that it really points out my desire for perfection. When someone is better than me it hurts me on a personal level that I simply shouldn't feel. It throws fuel on the fire sometimes because "not-good-enough" isn't in my vocabulary.

Conclusion:

This has post so far has culminated into this rant that I'm about to go on, this is where most of the venting will be, and I apologize if this seems nonsensical or dumb. So here it is: I hate society, not because it doesn't bow down and kiss my ass, not because it doesn't fit my personal beliefs, but because it's so backwards and frustrating to the point where I don't want to live in it. Our school system treats us like a cross between newborn children and slaves and then questions why we have no idea what we do as soon as the let us into the real world. Our governments don't give a fuck about us, they'd rather take all of the bribe money than actually help the people who need it, and we are powerless. We the people, the people who are supposed to be controlling who is in and what is produced by our government are completely powerless. Not in a /r/conspiracy tin-foil hat kind of way, but in a way that we can't do anything about issues except complain. Most people who should care don't and the people who do care don't do anything about it. Our society is full of slacktavists and it fucking sucks. Everyone is too busy focusing on the things that don't matter and that allows others to ruin us. I'm a thinker, I constantly find myself thinking about how dumb decisions we make are, then I realize that my solutions to the problem either can't be enforced or are equally as flawed. Then there are the people who simply dismiss me because of my age, something that bothers me more than just about anything. I hate that we have even loss the ability to decide what enters our body. As much as I talked about drugs and how I "quit", I'm practically an alcoholic and I like the idea of being able to choose what does and doesn't go into my body. I should be able to self-medicate myself if I desire to do so. I guess this rant wasn't as long as I wanted, but I'm running out of ideas and much worse thoughts are creeping into my head. I'm staring at this notepad document like it will be my last words, and I fear but equally anticipate it could be the truth. That train is going by again, almost like it's taunting me. This is a quote I came up with while typing this, and it's one of the first sentences I've ever thought of that I'd like to be my final words:  

We live in a world of hearing, and it's hard to find those who will listen, as there is a distinct difference between hearing and listening. A world of listeners would certainly be a world worth living in.    