I'm just so broken and useless in so many ways...I'm 21. I'm $10K in debt with not a single college credit to show for it. Never even had my first kiss, and at this point I don't believe that I'll ever get one. The only friends I have anymore are people I talk to exclusively on Skype and have never met in real life. Even in that group, I'm the whipping boy. I've stopped seeing any therapists and stopped going to my psychiatrist because I just don't have any hope for it anymore. All I ever got was the most generic, unhelpful advice imaginable, and I've never once in almost three years of being on countless different medications felt even a slight hint of a positive effect.

I've been searching for any job I could possibly get my hands on for at least fourteen months now. I've had three interviews, but I'm so socially inept that it's probably more painful for the interviewer than it is for me. It doesn't help that everybody my age has something to show for it: if not college education, at least some experience working somewhere, and at the very least they can hold a conversation with a stranger. Who in their right mind would hire me over anybody else?

Not to mention that I've been suppressing transgender urges for an upwards of five years now. They just keep getting stronger and stronger. I can't even see a beautiful women anymore and think anything even close to sexual thoughts. I just get so envious. I would give anything to look like them. But it's a completely lost cause. Nothing about me is even remotely feminine. Of course it doesn't help that I know with absolute certainty that if I admitted any of this to my father that I'd be kicked out on my ass in an instant.

I have no real interests or hobbies. All I do in my free time is browse Reddit and play video games. Even if I could get back into college, what would I study? I'm not passionate about anything. I don't have any opinions or personality. No dreams or aspirations. No skills or talents. Nothing. I have nothing.

I'm a worthless little parasite, draining away my father's money without being able to give anything in return. If I died, he'd feel all the sadness that an investor feels when a company he's put a lot of money into goes under. 