Overwhelming GuiltI'm not entirely sure why I'm posting here, I never imagined myself to be the type to talk to strangers about this kind of thing. I suppose I can't talk to anybody in real life about this because I can't let them know what I plan to do. I haven't spoken to my friends or family in weeks.

I plan to end my life this weekend. I'm looking forward to it, if anything. For half a decade now I have been miserable and all I would like is for it to stop, to have no more worries, and I am certain the only way to achieve this is to end my life. I'm unemployed and terrified of starting work. I've lost all motivation and hope. I have no desire for relationships or even sex anymore. My appearance has suffered as a result. I have nothing going for me.

The part that troubles me to no end is the pain I know my friends and family will feel. I've been contemplating ways to make it easier on them. Simply disappearing won't help as they'll always wonder what happened to me and won't find closure. I consider buying them gifts with the last of my money, something for them to help remember me when I'm gone, but it seems selfish to force a constant reminder on to them. Money or objects don't help grief - I know this first hand.

My mum passed away very suddenly a few years ago when I was 17. I was the one who found her. It was the most severe pain I have ever felt. My grandparents were equally devastated, they rarely talk about it and they still cry sometimes when reminded, having to leave the room to gain composure.

Knowing how it feels to lose someone close to you and the thought of forcing my grandparents to endure that pain a second time... it makes me want to cry. Myself and my older sibling have been their solace since it happened - it comforts them to make sure we're okay. They do a lot for me.

I have a group of friends who care deeply for me. Some of them have been in my life for ten years. I have been unhappy for so long without "getting better" that I don't even mention it anymore, I feel like it's a drain on them, like I'm a broken record. They have their own issues. Still, I know that any one of them would rush to comfort me if I asked for it. They are good friends.

Despite all this, all I have thought about for weeks is suicide. It's the first thing on my mind in the morning and the last thing at night. I've researched online extensively about the best methods, the statistics, the survivor stories, etc. I've planned it all out. I try to tell myself that I won't be here once my loved ones find out and that I won't have to witness their pain. Still, I feel tremendous guilt.

I guess I don't have a question or anything. I just wanted to talk about it.