Well well well... I'm back here againRight now I feel trapped in life.  Death is looking more and more like a solution.  Regardless of how other's feel.

I'm 37 years old, married, I work at a job that pays well, but I'm the only one working.  I have an alcoholic wife who was re-enabled by a psychobitch that used to live next door to us, after my wife almost died from Liver damage in 2018.  As it stands right now, I work for a company who just suffered the biggest IT security failure in US history, my best friend comes over with 3 days warning and when I'm practically skint broke, $4000 in credit card and pay day loan debt, trying to keep us afloat (just barely) - while my wife starts drinking again because my mom can't keep family drama and gossip to herself, yet does not have the ovaries to come to ME about any issues with me, because women believe that women have the ability to control men - nobody should be controlling anyone.

Let's start with work. My job was great, until this year, and hiring managers started throwing a fit about new hires not getting done on time.  Then COVID-19 happens, and of course that  makes the apptempts to remediate the process worse, then a short time ago, we have an outbreak of a computer virus that takes down almost the whole company and of course I'm the only guy who did not take more than a couple days off during that time - so I was effectively a one-man show for 2 weeks.  Every fucking day, I have some fucking end user breathing down my neck about when their laptop is going to be reimaged, or when some network resource is going to be up, or when I'm going to have this or that ready.  The higher ups don't seem to have a fucking clue how long anything takes and asks other branches of our org - which use completley different configurations from one another - how long it might take for something to be done and when given a shorter answer it's assumed we can do it in that same amount of time.  I have been working 60+ hours a week and my nerves are frayed, I'm tired all the time, depressed, and starting to wonder if this life is for me.

At the beginning of the year, a meth-head alcoholic lady with a kid moved in next door, and she has a rich father that buys her out of every bit of trouble she gets into.  at 3 am the first week she was in her, her ex-husband, and her biker boyfriend all had a fight outside our door, and I spent that night with amachete on the other side of our door ready to stab anything that breeches our apartment doorway (we have the castle doctrine/stand your ground laws in our state).  So this woman tries to brefriend my wife, who is a bleeding heart that tries to help everyone (except me apparently) and of course I'm now playing babysitter to my recovered wife and this crazy alcoholic cunt who can't even string two sentences together coherently unless you call the cops to her house - which happened, seven times, twice by us.  This woman got my wife drinking again, and honestly, I want the bitch dead, but it seems like since COVID-19 everyone has become some sort of drug addled alcoholic except me because I'm essential.  This bitch put my wife in the hospital - TWICe - and has given her anxiety issues.  This bitch has also given me anxiety issues now because when we tried to get help from my wife's parents - who are also rich, this drunk methhead's daddy has a best friend whose a prosecuter locally who - if charges were pressed - would do everything in his power, legally or illegally, to make me into a criminal sex offender - even though my interactions with this dumb bimbo from next door were next to none, other than me telling her "no" after trying to invite me into her house once - where she TRIED to pull me into the house and I shoved her away after my refusal.

So now my wife is drinking and has anxiety issues - great.  So now I have to stoop to all kinds of sneaky tactics to take her alcohol away from her.  Wait until she's drunk and then take the bottle and throw it out.  Wait until she's in the bathroom and take the bottle and throw it out.  Sniff her unattended drinks at random and dump them out if they contain Vodka (because that's what she drinks and it seems to be only what she drinks).  Dig all throughout various nooks and crannies of our apartment to find her alcohol and throw it out.

But there's not just health implications of this, there's also the financial ones.  I watch our bank account, but I can't do much about it either because she has her own cards on her own accounts as well.  I know when she buys liquor on my dime because I'll see these charges that don't match up.  Don't think for one solitary instant that a visit to the 711 for a pack of skittles and a gator ade costs $21.95.  She thinks I don't pay attention to this because my mom says I'm "senseless" with money...which brings me to the next fucking problem....my own family.

Both of us come from families full of aging old hags who are 65+ years old and retired.  These ladies feign technological incapability in order to spy on us via facebook then throw a fit when we don't post anything new often enough.  Her mom cares too much what other people think and therefore anything posted - or not posted - becomes a subject for scorn.  This lady also drives us nuts because were poor but were DROWNING in clothes we can't even sell because nobody is going to pay $230 for a fucking t-shirt.  We need help buying a house, instead we get more furniture, clothes, and such.  I hate to look a gift horse in the mouth, but it seems the focus of some of these financial investments are pretty badly skewed.  Who the fuck wants a Armani suit when they live in the fucking ghetto?  That's a good way to get robbed, mugged, or shot.  My mom has been a thorn in my side all my life to the point that I pretty much cut my entire family off through the majority of my 20's - never buying them gifts, never calling anyone but mom (who would call me if I did not call her).  My second oldest sister has not worked in 10 years, is a hypocrite, married to a gay man my wife's gay friend found on a gay dating app - I have no issues with gay people, what I do take issue with is this same dipshit at my fucking wedding told me he thought I was a "weak little man" and now somehow marriage makes me "grown up" in his eyes - fuck that guy.  I lived in my brother in-laws shadow for years because of his looks and education - because I did not follow his preppy rich-kid lifestyle as a poor kid with a single mom. That fag can fuck off (there are gay people, then there are fags).  My mom keps harassing my wife, whom has endometriosis (part of her drinking is also self-medication because the US Healthcare system is a total scam and joke that does antyhing BUT help people), to have kids.  I don't want kids.  Why would I want to put another soul on this earth to suffer 100X worse than I already did growing up?  Why would I subject a child to this planet - that would be like putting an eight year old in a cage with a pedophile rapist serial killer with schitzophrenia.  As much as I explain this, she does not respect our wishes - however, I make one big stink on facebook because she can't stop gossiping about my republican homophobic aunts - one who abuses her gay son (whose parrot bit her in the arm - I hope the bitch catches sepsis and dies herself), the other apparently slapped me before I was even old enough to remember and is a staunch Trump supporter, and has a niece who has a crush on me and wants to sleep with me (EWWW).  Oh, and that sister, she's a hypocrite.  She spent all my childhood correcting me on my "grammar" from living in the deep south, only now to be playing the part as the "perfect southern belle" complete with god complex and incorrect grammar.  meahwhile she has a daughter that's been pregant twice, and a son that jerks it on the front lawn - yet IM the one everyone calls a b raindead manchild?  Let's see?  Who has a working career of 20 years?  ME!  Who has a marriage that's not on the verge of divorce, or is not already divorced - ME!  Who is the one who has bettered themselvews in the last 20 years?  ME!  Yet I can't get one shred of respect from ANYONE without seeming like I'm about to potentially gun someone done or beat the shit out of them - a prospect that is both counter-productive, and exhausting.  I've tried being assertive, I've tried making amends, but I just can't get anywhere - and wherever I go, my fucked up family follows me!  Meanwhile my wife is having her own problems of the same kind with HER family.

Right now I'm fucked financially.  My work benefits fucked me up the ass.  me and the wife have both been to the hospital in the last 2 years, they said they would cover it - instead it's all gone to collections, and finance never returns my calls, but it's a reliable and better paycheck than I had working for a fortune 500 software company.  So now my credit rating is u nder 640, I'm $4000 in debt because every job my wife gets she gets sexually  harassed and any attempts at legal action just result in exposing how corrupt and messed up our country is - honestly, why can't someone assassinate Donald J. Trump and the rest of these cronies already - I' have considered a suicide bombing at one of his rallies as a potental out for me.  I'm not a staunch liberal at all - I'm non partisan, but the effects this administration is having on people are beyond toxic and while it's affecting others around me far worse I'm trying damn hard to survive all this shit and it's starting to get to me.  BTW, that's antoher thing I have to deal with the wife stressing about every damn day - politics, what Donald did today, what McConnell or Barr did tomorrow.  I'm about a hair thin wire short of p utting KID site blockers on all our devices just to keep the political crap out.  The only reason I don't do it is because it seems kind of drastic for 2 concenting grown ass adults.

And people automatically assume we are better off than we are because of social media.  We own all this nice stuff (her mom, my history of some other art things I did myself), and she takes selfies all the goddamn time because her mom demands them.  They get in a fight every damn week where I have to comfort her - but whose comforting me?  Nobody.  

Right now I'd have a good moral support for my best friend, but he's a stoner eating us out of house and home and wants to buy  me CBD.  I work in Healthcare myself - and I CANT take drugs of any  kind right now unless it's by prescription or OTC for something that's ailing me.  So what the fuck is that supposed to do, raise my anxiety level?

All I want to do right now is sleep.  I'm tired, I'm getting about 4 hours of sleep per night.  Getting to bed on time is a fight because my wife wants all this pillow talk about all the stressful shit above.  She has it easy - she's a kept woman for now - I pay all the bills, I pay all the insurance - right now I'm a WEEK LATE on everything waiting for a huge paycheck from all the OT I accrued - which I'm not sure will really be that huge.

I feel like I'm in a nightmare I can't awaken from.  I've looked up methods on various sites and have it all worked out - had it for years.  It just seems, every attempt to get into a  better life starts off getting better for a short while, and then goes to hell in a handbasket.  I just want a simple live where I'm happy, everyone else wants me to greedily go for the "gold" - I don't care.  I just want to be left alone, and sleep in peace until I'm either tired no more.  Maybe death is the only way.  It's not the first time, I've had a history of suicidal behavior since I  was about eight years old including drinking posion, late night suicidal driving behavior, and even once almost succeeding that resulted in me shitting foam for a day and blacking out in the bathroom.

ALL I WANT from fucking life, for the love of god (whom I no longer believe exists) - is for things just to be benign, boring, normal! Drama free! Why can't I have that?  It's so fucking simple.  Just work, pay my rent and my bills, do things I enjoy off the clock.  Things like data breeches and toxic people should be a bump in the road easily resolved by remediations or by cutting those peopel out of your life.  But what do you do when the management is inept and the peopel you want gone keep coming the fuck back?  

I might not be as unfortunate as many of the people here, but it goes to show you that no matter how good you do in life, it won't necessarily mean that it's actually good for your mental health.  I would much rather fix these issues than hit rock bottom - but sometimes I feel like I'm staring at the floor 2 inches away from my face with the last rope left around my leg that's fraying at the top of the well, noting the lack of handholds to get back up, or the few that take me 5 inches off the floor, and thinking "just why the hell should I keep on trying?  Maybe I should just end it all and get the closure I want!".