Week 1 of grad school and I'm already a failureI started grad school last week. I was so excited and prepared, already having chapter 1 of each textbook read and detailed notes in my notebook. While I anticipated grad school to be challenging, especially when I work a full time job, I did not expect this quarantine to make things 200x harder.

I thought working as a kindergarten teacher from home would allow me more free time after work to focus on my classes. Instead, I'm being buried in emails from school directors and from parents. I have to send 36 emails every Monday with homework packets, in addition to making 36 phone calls every day to check in on parents and log their feedback onto an excel spreadsheet for the school directors to see. I also have to make PowerPoints and lesson plans daily, and teach live zoom classes spread out throughout each day, along with attending morning teacher meetings.

With all this extra work and stress of parent complaints (because of course they are NEVER satisfied with the work we're putting in for their kids), my anxiety has been through the roof. This has made it extremely difficult for me to focus on my schoolwork, as I'm constantly exhausted and feel too anxious about my work not being good enough, so I've struggled to make it through my discussion board posts and short papers. I procrastinated because I'm a fucking dumbass, and get too stuck in my own head and anxiety over not being smart enough for grad school. Because of this, I waited til the last minute to type my paper and wound up turning it in at 12:31am. It had been due at 11:59pm. I had no idea that, even though all the discussion posts and replies I posted were on time (days before the deadline; I *only* procrastinated the paper bc I was so stupidly scared of doing a shit job), failure to turn in this paper would result in automatic withdrawal from the class. My other online class is fine, I have an A. But now thats my only class, which means its going to take me even longer to graduate and I'm going to be a fucking underpaid kindergarten teacher forever. I'm never going to get my PsyD because I'm a fucking moron who can't manage her time and swallow her stupid fucking mental issues for important shit like this. Its almost 5am and I've been trying to calm myself down for the past 2 hours; I finally found this place to vent to. I hope that's okay. My cat is with me so I'm not going to hurt myself. I'm trying so hard to control myself but it's so hard, and I'm so tired.