Can't find a job, always in pain, I'm burnt out, and I can't see any other way outHey all. I've been thinking about posting for a while and am finally doing it since I'm starting to get genuinely worried about myself.  
 

Basically, I'm messed up from a traumatizing past and have never been able to get anything right no matter how hard I try. I've been giving it my all to get into a career or at least a reasonable paying job, but I'm getting virtually nothing. I have a supportive family member and my boyfriend who I can talk about things, but there's only so much they can do and I don't want to constantly dump my emotional problems on them. My boyfriend is even supporting me financially and it makes me feel like a useless burden. It's to the point where I don't really want to talk to anyone because I don't want them to ask me what's wrong or ask what I've been doing lately.  
 

To make matters worse, I'm in constant pain because of an endocrine disorder that messes with my ovaries. I can rarely go a day without having to swallow painkillers and rest which makes me feel even more useless. I also have no income and no insurance to investigate it further since the amount of pain I'm having isn't normal, even for the disorder. All I want to do is have a normal life and job where I can contribute and make use of some of my skills. But I might just be too stupid and off-putting for that to be a possibility.  
 

I'm beginning to think that there really is nothing I can offer to the world and that I'm just a liability to my loved ones. I feel so guilty for being so useless and my boyfriend's mom keeps asking him if I've found a job every two seconds, making it so much worse. It just feels like the walls are closing in and I have no escape. I'm feeling like my death would be better for everyone than me being a living, walking trash heap that comes with a cost.  
 

I know that people look down on suicide as being "selfish," but it's honestly the most selfless thing I can think of to avoid dragging anyone down much further.