Im 15 and I'm ready to commit suicideIve been struggling with bipolar disorder and depression for what seems to be forever. I'm a victim of sexual abuse, emotional abuse, and just have had an all out dysfunctional life.

My parents and my family has always been dysfunctional as well, including the two abusers in it. At this point suicide is my to go to. I've already failed 6 times but I've gotten a good grasp on what is and what isnt lethal. I know what im capable of now that i go through these long periods of apathy where self injury doesn't seem to get to me anymore.

I guess im just lost and I've always believed that i was never made to be here. I wasn't supposed to be here and that im a cursed child. My birth is a product of suffering and lies, and that i never belonged here. Intense feelings of anger and sadness constantly seem to wash over me with guilt and then apathy. Ironic that a feeling of unfeeling is possible. It fucks with my head because all I've ever wanted to do was to feel like a kid but...ive always felt too mature. Like i knew too much of the terrible side of the world that i never got the chance to be a kid. My trauma stripped me away from a happy life, and I've ruined myself too add onto that.

My impulsiveness to feel alive led me to overdosing while i was hanging out with a close friend. I was stuck with seretonin syndrome for nearly 32 hours. I began to impulsively drink and see if my medication gives me a buzz when i overdo it. I guess im being too specific here rather than on a previous post but I've turned to risky things that i never thought I'd do. I just want to feel like there is more than pain and monotony to life. I dislike my racing thoughts contemplating sonder, my purpose, and existence itself and if I'm important to a big picture.

It all doesn't matter too badly though. My Death is set for the last weekend of the summer so i can atleast live out to my birthday...for my families sake.

Though if im honest with you, I want to die because i want to see if things turn out any different than what they are now.