It's boring and sad, and tonight I take my life into my own handsI have little to say and alot to say. Last time I remember being happy was three weeks ago cuddling with somebody I thought cared about me. My passions have evaporated over the past few years, any hope of self actualization disappearing with them. While an adult, I was always close to my Grandma as my Dad was a deadbeat piece of shit who was never around and my grandfather dead. After her death, albeit close to my cousins and Mom, it was like a part of me died. 

Over the past year I improved so much, I joined my wonderful fraternity, excelled in uni, got to my ideal weight and cleaned up my diet. Hell, I started dating again at 19 (stopped at 17 for a while), lost my virginity, found out I was attractive, etc. Everything seemed so fucking great. Then the first breakup happened and I realized how empty I was without relationships. Cue the meaningless sex and me realizing that sex is fucking worthless without affection. 

Got back to Uni, did well so far, lost weight, and then shit hit the fan. Started dating a girl, seemed wonderful and like she cared about me. Told me her promiscuous past was behind her, then when the sex wasn't good she told me on our next date that the night spent cuddling she didn't really care for all that much -- she just wanted the sex, and that I needed to get more experience before I slept with her again. This understandably hurt like a mofo. It wasn't because I really liked her though, I've been through breakups where I actualy *loved* a person before. I was just frustrated because the prospect of a relationship was the only thing I enjoyed and with that gone, ehhh. I like my field, but I don't enjoy it enough to really be happy.

Recently I've undergone bulemic behavior, all that time spent losing weight, changing my lifestyle and being healthy, gone. It feels like everything is in shambles. This is rambling, but it's just one thing after another. The bulemia is the straw that's breaking the camel's back as the eating simultaneously is the only thing that makes me feel good and makes me feel horrible mentally and physically. Went to the store tonight to get a 3rd pint of ice cream, nobody smiled, nobody said Hi, none of my brothers had the time to talk to me. I've had a noose in the closet for a while. The pup will miss me, and I love his little self, but tonight I take my life into my own hands, and end it. 

&amp;#x200B;

Title's a reference to my favorite Russian Poem by Lermontov, и скучно и грустно