When do I get to be happy?Hello friends,

I come here often, but today I am posting on this sub from a throwaway. Yesterday was my 26th birthday, and I wanted to kill myself more than I have in any moment in my life, except for perhaps the moment that I type this. I no longer have anyone in my life who I can share my true feelings and attitude toward life with anymore, so I will post them here for anyone who will listen and read my words. 

I use the word "anymore" because that is the cause of the abject despair which I now find myself in. 7 months ago my girlfriend of 4 years broke up with me. She was my everything, and so too did I think I was her everything. She was my best friend, she was my reason to get up in the morning, she was my reason to continue living... I still do not understand why, what I did wrong, none of it makes any sense to me. She told me it was to work on herself, but that I couldn't be a part of it. She told me she intended to write a letter beforehand, but that she didn't have it in that moment, so she would send it to me. I told her that in that moment while I didn't understand, that I would have to accept it, and wait for her letter that would explain why. 

We both cried from the bottom of our hearts, she told me that she thought that we were going to get married, and I also told her the same. I did not understand why this was happening. I moved out and waited for the letter. I waited every day. Holding out hope that the person who I loved and cherished more than anything else in the world, who I wanted to give everything to, to show that them that they were enough, would send me this letter to explain everything. 

I have waited every day for these past 7 months for her letter. It still hasn't come, and still I hold out hope that it will come. It will never come. I am languishing in the pits of despair every day wondering "why?" I want to know why I can't come on the journey too, why I can't be there even when she told me that I was the love of her life? I want to know. 

I remember when I took her in for stomach surgery, they finally allowed me to go back and wait with her while the anesthesia wore off. She was asleep. She was always so peaceful and cherubic when she was asleep - looking at her washed away the constant state of dread I find myself in wanting to take always my own life. When the anesthesia wore off, she looked around the room scared, until she saw me. Her eyes filled up with tears and she said "I'm just so glad that you're here," and I cried as well. We had a true connection - but those days are gone. 

I have struggled with suicidal ideations all of my life. They follow me just as my own shadow does when walking down a dark street that is faintly lit. When my ex-girlfriend, who also struggles with suicidal thoughts, broke up with me, she made me promise her that I would not kill myself, and that she would do the same. I promised her that I would not. I wonder then - what do I owe her? I don't owe her anything. Her words turned out to be hollow - I wish she had never told me she would write me this letter. Her words don't mean anything anymore. 

In these past 7 months, everyday that drags on feels worse than the last. I feel worse than the last. Sometimes I don't sleep for days on end. I wait for the letter. Patience turns to anxiety. Anxiety becomes frustration. Frustrations gives way to anger, and anger becomes contempt, bitterness, and hatred. For her. For myself. Especially for myself. My worldview is warped. I am full of hatred. I am sure many of you have experienced this feeling: the burning, unending frustration and rage that you feel over the powerlessness you have over your happiness - it feels so hot in your skull that your head might combust. 

She says that she "just wants to be happy." With that I posit a question: When do I get to be happy? It definitely isn't 7 months. 70 months? 7 years? 70 years? Never? All things come to an end, but I know that the yawning emptiness that exists within me will only end when I end. I want to disappear. For the love of your life, that you gave up everything for - when they tell you "I don't know what I want in life right now, I just know that I don't want you..." It is too painful. I can't describe this heartbreak. I wish that I didn't exist. I wish that I could just be wiped off of this planet in an instant. Out of this reality - and join the cosmic nothingness. 

A friend asked me if I learned anything from my relationship. I thought for a second, saddened by the answer I arrived at. "No," I told them. "In the end my worst insecurities and fears about myself were confirmed to be true." I was stunned by my realization. I wish that this could all go away. All the memories. All the good times with a person who I never really even knew. Everything reminds me of her. I will go through life alright one day, and see something that reminds me of her, something as innocuous as a chocolate milk, and break down in tears, reminded of all of the times that I would pick her up breakfast from Brueggers and she would always ask me "did you get me a chocolate milk?" and the smile on her face when it would materialize from my pocket. 

I wish that I could tell you that typing this up made me feel better - that I got something off of my chest. It was the opposite. I have confirmed to myself that I am damaged beyond repair. I have not healed at all. I am in absolute agony. I sometimes think that perhaps I could move on if I was not stuck in the same position because of this stupid pandemic, relegated to living with my parents, with someone else, and then I realize: what if I hurt another person the way that I was hurt? I couldn't live with myself. I can barely live with myself right now.

My ex-girlfriend would often compare her struggles to the Greek mythological figure Sisyphus, who is condemned by Zeus to infinitely a roll a boulder up a hill for all of eternity. She would say "I am Sisyphus." It makes me think of my current predicament. If I were to put myself in the analogy, I have been crushed by the boulder infinitely. 

To be honest with you, the only reason that I have not killed myself in my 26 years of existence is because of my mother. Once, I had a dream where I killed myself. It felt so real, more than anything I had ever experienced. Time was moving slow, and I was alone with my thoughts, knowing I was going to die and that it couldn't be undone. In that moment, I cried. I wanted one last hug from my mom. Maybe it would have changed something. 

While I typed this, I cried so much more than I thought I would. It is not the type of cathartic crying one has when they feel a release of pressure. This is the type of crying one does when they are disgusted with themselves. A grieving and pain that makes you wish that you had never been born into this world. 

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By an apartment I used to live in, there is an extremely long bridge with an extremely tall drop off. I often take walks there and meditate by this bridge when I am feeling this way. I have also often dangled my legs over the edge, debating if I should go over, but never doing so. Being so close to life and at the same time death if I were to choose it - it puts me in a strange headspace. I am going to take a walk there now and clear my head. 

I think about what it would be like in the moment that I really did it. How scared and alone I would feel. I would think about my mother and her hugs. I would probably think about my ex-girlfriend too. I would think about my dad who didn't support my ambitions, and most importantly, I would think about me, and how much of a piece of shit I am who couldn't even keep the love of his life in his life... I think about hitting the concrete all at once. I think about the pieces of my skull, splayed across the ground like shrapnel, blood everywhere. That's one way to clear my head right? And then nothing. Forever.  

When I take this walk, I want to know: "When do I get to be happy?" Will it ever happen to me? Maybe someone here will identify with my words. I know I will slip all the way off eventually. I just wish things were different.