Please helpBackground: 18 M with ASD, never had any close friends throughout most of school so I'm completely socially retarded.

I had my first real friend until about a week ago.  Sure, it may have been on the internet, but he was someone I really felt close to.  In the back of my mind, though, I kept worrying because every "friend" I think I've had turns on me and starts bullying me, and as a result I'm super scared of being ostracized because it happens over and over.  Well, in the anime community I finally found a place where I belong, and people who care about me.  The problem was, I was just so scared of him not liking me after a while that I tried too hard; I could see how he would think I was way too annoying and clingy, and I was always pretty defensive, especially when a mutual friend kept starting shit with me every day of the week.  I still thought he was my friend though.

Then a few days ago, he bans me from his private server and blocks me, and he tells the others in this server who are friends of mine as well to not talk to me.  I had no idea why, for what, anything, and if not for an acquaintance I don't think I would have found out.  Even on the goddamn internet I still get cast out, treated like trash, picked on, even by someone who told me he would never hate me.

I understand this may be an overreaction, but I've never had someone I cared about like this before and I just don't want to lose him, but I hurt everyone I get close to.  It's almost like a joke now.  I fix one thing about me and people just hate me for another reason.  I'm pretty much scum, if I can turn someone from love to hate so quickly and completely unintentionally.  I feel like I've failed.  I was supposed to be my family's golden child and graduate from Harvard summa cum laude, but instead I'm a borderline shut-in who barely maintains C's and is struggling to get into the local uni.  Never dated, never had sex, never kissed, and can't even keep a friendship on the fucking internet.  I'm a waste of a life.

Just please, someone help me.  I don't want to live, but I know I'm too much of a coward to die, so living is torture.  I'm praying I die in my sleep or get poisoned or something.  I wish I never existed.  Maybe then, everyone around me would be better off.