Hello! I’m doing it today. Salutations. My name is Rosy, and I’m 13 years old. I have been on this sub many times. I have a knife, and I know basic anatomy. I haven’t done all the things I’ve wanted to do on my bucket list, but at this point I don’t care.

 I have OCD and I’m on the autism spectrum. There’s no hope for me with completely recovering from OCD. I can’t stop the intrusive thoughts in this life, so I hope that I don’t have them in Heaven. I’m a horror writer that was working on a book, but I’ll never be able to finish my book now. I love telling and writing stories! But I won’t be able to do that when I’m dead. This is my goodbye.  

 To my parents, I’m so sorry. I’m so fucking sorry. I love you both so much. I’m sorry Mommy. I’m so sorry that I did this. I love you so much. I’ll make sure to tell your brother you said hi for you. I’ll be looking out for you in Heaven, if there is an afterlife. You’re the most, strongest person I’ve ever known. You been through so much, yet you’re still here. I love you, and please stay strong. If not for you, please do it for me. 

 I’m so sorry Daddy. I love you and Im grateful for everything you did for me and Rico. I’m so sorry for being such a fucking brat when I was little. I’m so sorry for giving you such a hard time. I love you. 

 To Rico, you’re the best big brother anyone could ever ask for. I’m so sorry that I did this. I love you so much. I’m sorry for being annoying sometimes. I’m so sorry for doing this. I love you.

 To my pets Doozer, Blueberry and Neru. I love you all. I’m sorry that I couldn’t pet you as much as I did when I was little, Doozer. Contamination OCD wouldn’t let me. I know that isn’t an excuse, but it’s a reason. Blueberry, you’re the best bird anyone could ask for. I’m sorry. And Neru, I know I didn’t have you for very long, but I’m sorry. You’re a good hamster, and you’re very sweet. I’m sorry. I love you all. 

 To my characters in my unfinished book, I’m sorry I didn’t get to finish your story. Even though I was the one that wrote you all into existence, you taught me so much. Hell, even the villain, Dr. Green taught me a few things. I’m so sorry your story will stay unfinished forever. 

I wish I could write one last poem or story, but I don’t even have the motivation to do that. I’m probably going to do this either this evening or tonight. I haven’t decided yet.

 Here’s my will. 

 I want almost everything that can be donated to go to charity. This includes clothes, old toys, books, etc. I want my handmade dolls to go to Mommy, Daddy, and Rico. I want my notebook full of poems to go to Mommy. I wish to be dressed in my short dark blue dress for my funeral with my hair in a bun. I would like everyone to wear what they like at my funeral, even if it’s not black. If it is possible, please read one of my more happier stories or poems at my funeral. I don’t have the motivation to write another story or poem, but I wish to tell one more story even when I’m gone. If it’s possible, please read my stories to kids at the local library or something. Like I said, I still wish to tell stories even when I’m dead. Even if they’re my old stories.  

 Goodbye and thank you for everything you’ve done for me. I’m truly grateful. 

 Sincerely, 

 Rosy.