I don't understand the point.I don't know that I would actually kill myself. What bothers me most is the thought of my friends and family. They believe life is some precious thing. I care about them enough to not put them through that. For now. Suicidal ideation has plagued me since I was a young kid. Every time there is a minor inconvenience in my life my first thought goes to suicide. Life is a struggle, but there is no doubt in my mind that the next truly catastrophic thing to happen to me will be the last thing to happen to me at all. People say suicide is selfish. Maybe that's true. Or maybe its selfish for the people around me to force this existence upon me. Why should I continue to live in misery when the alternative is so much easier? I think there are too many people who just accept what they have been told, without seeking their own answers. Death doesn't scare me. If anything the idea that one day I will become nothing is calming. I don't know if I believe in an afterlife, but if there is one surely its better than what we have now. I have so many questions about our existence. How did we come to be? Really? Perhaps the Christian/Muslim/Jewish God is real. If so, isn't forgiveness the cornerstone of his ideals? Surely he could forgive such a selfish act. What if its all a simulation? What if I just wake up and have to start all over again? What if aliens made us? Reincarnation? I've heard that Hindus believe the soul will continue to be reicarnated until it realizes that is is not flesh and bone, but a living force. One that spans dimensions and time. When that truth is exposed, the afterlife is like an eternal lucid dream, in which you are the master of your own universe. Even if there is nothing, I would prefer it to this. How can I possibly learn the answers while stuck in this plane of existence? Why should I wait for a natural death? I've been depressed for about as long as I can remember. I learned recently most people can physically feel emotion. This is foreign to me. I couldnt tell you how emotions feel. I think thats why I'm always so calm. Things happen, and I have no reaction because I feel nothing. Ive tried meds, they didn't work. Maybe I didn't give them enough of a chance. Why should I have to be medicated to get through life? It seems backwards. I think people cling to life because they are afraid of what is on the other side.