My only reason to live hates meHe hates me now. My lover. My best friend. My everything. 

Well...a year and a half ago I was sexually assaulted. That happened while I was in an inpatient facility for eating disorders. That's when we started to lose it. I had flashbacks and hated myself and my body. I wasn't the happy, lovely, sweet girl he fell in love with anymore. I hated the world and myself and being alive.

Soon after that I was forced to live away from home with a different relative and they turned out to be abusive...beat me, creeped on me, threw away all my things, held me down and cut my hair from my waist to my chin, and isolated me from everyone. Put me on homeschool, took away all access to phones or email or anything. I wasn't allowed to talk to anyone or leave the house.

He thought I'd killed myself. I couldn't talk to anyone during the 10 months I lived with the abusers. I just disappeared.

And in that time I feel like I lost myself. I feel like I stated dying after I was violated and then the 10 months of abuse completely killed me. 

I don't feel like me anymore. I don't act like me anymore. 

I miss myself. The pretty girl with long long hair. The innocent pure girl who had never been seen without clothes on or touched beyond hugs and brushes in crowds. The sweet girl who loves everyone and everything. I one who wants to be a nurse so she can help people. 

Now I'm angry and I hate everything. I am not beautiful. I'm not pure...my body is used. Stripped and displayed and touched all over. I can't be kind anymore. I just want to be dead. 

He broke up with me because I'm gone. The real me is gone. He told me not to talk to him until I'm me again. It was such a big fight. I needed to talk about what happened. He hates that. He told me I'm insane and belong in a mental hospital. He told me he hates me. He said everyone hates me. He said I'm crazy. 

I just want to be her again. 

I feel like death is the only thing I can do. I can't ever be happy again. I'm broken...

