I'm not even sure if I want to die anymore, but I don't know how to live. Does anyone else feel this way?tldr at bottom. 

I am a 23 year old female. I have been diagnosed with and dealt with a variety of mental health issues and have struggled greatly with mental illness for over a decade. It has been the primary feature of my life for as long as I can remember. 

I have constant suicidal thoughts, whether or not I actively feel depressed or miserable. In the past several months, I have actually felt less depressed than I have in years, but have also faced more external struggles which lead me to feel like I have no options and no hope. 

I have been diagnosed with some physical health conditions and will require constant treatment. 

My live-in boyfriend will be joining the US Marines. This means we will have limited contact that is not consistent, and we will be long distance for at least 4 years. 

I am also recently faced with the undeniable reality of my ailing and aging family members and I am unable to cope with their impending deaths. I have never experienced death of someone close to me.

I would like to commit suicide before any these things happen (boyfriend leaving, medical treatment plan begins), which would be within a month or so. 

I feel like I have to end my life and like I have no choice. I never planned to live this long. I never planned to possibly succeed, and I don't know how to live.

I don't really want to die. In fact, I have actually felt somewhat excited for the future in regard to my potential educational and career goals. However, I don't think I will ever become capable of achieving my goals. 

I know that I might feel okay now, but the truth is that when my external circumstances get worse, I will be just as depressed as ever, and I will never be able to succeed as greatly as I need to be able to survive and thrive on my own. I won't be able to survive the depths of my depression again. 

It almost feels like, "it's a shame really, things could work out for me". But I know that I am not strong enough to handle life getting harder. I have committed for 10 years to the plan that I have to just die. There's no way out of it now. It's the only thing I've ever committed my mind to. 


tldr; I used to be severely depressed, I don't feel as depressed now, but I still want to die, and I can't cope with the challenging external circumstances that life inevitably brings, and I feel like I have no choice but to die because I never figured out how to be alive. It feels like a real shame that I have to do it.