I was predatorial and sexually harassed people. Unintentionally, but still.Past-me snorted coke, drank crazy quantities of liquor and morphed into a gigantic high a-hole. If you don't already know, alcohol and coke give you feelings of insane overconfidence. I spent most weekends blacked out and crazed.

I came onto girls unacceptably strong, under the influence. Whenever I took stuff I had a fixation on "getting girls", appearing popular and capitalizing my "time to shine". This should've been a red flag to myself but I didn't think it was that bad at the time. I played the role of the clown to disguise my desperation as humor. Except once, my desperation came out as desperation and I pursued one girl intensely. I didn't physically do anything but I threw her repeated signals of interest. She didn't respond negatively but didn't reciprocate either (neutral) and yet I consistently badgered her. When it was happening I thought she was a tad interested but looking at it as a memory, it was one-sided. Later I apologized out of guilt and she said it was all good.

The motivation behind my flirtation wasn't even about getting laid. It was about feeling like a confident guy. I know in my heart I didn't intend to hurt anyone. I have clear boundaries in my head about receiving consent before initiating physical contact (although thinking back I've kissed girls on body language cues alone and realize that could mistakenly be non-consensual:( ). I backed off at the slightest whiff of a negative verbal or non-verbal cue and looked for active participation from the girl before taking it to a physical level. 

I'm over the guilt I had about hurting the girl after she reassured me she was good (maybe not) but I'm not over the guilt of what kind of man I am. I'm deeply ashamed about my actions. What kind of person am I that I did those things? What if I acted the same way before and I just don't remember? I'm terrified my friends see me as nothing more than a predatorial douche. Nobody wants to be around the guy that predates on girls. I certainly wouldn't.