I fucked up, I deserve to die.I've been lurking on this sub for so long and my heart goes out to everyone. People who want to die are traumatised and hurt and want it to end. 

I'm just a monster. I did bad things. I've done bad things from when I was a child. I'm in my late 20s now. And I'm still doing bad things. I've lied and manipulated people. I don't know why. But I have. In very very bad ways. In ways that have made other people hold on to guilt. 

 I'm in therapy. My therapist says we can't change the past. But I'm worried that my past will catch upto me. And then I'll lose everything I have. All my friends, my reputation as a "smart, talented, brilliant" prodigy. Everyone thinks I'm so great. But I'm a terrible person. The moment they find out who I am, who I really am, it's over for me. 

The thing is I've been not that anxious (maybe 8/10 in terms of anxiety) about someone uncovering me. I always thought that I can just kill myself, no biggie. But now that I might be uncovered tomorrow, I realise I don't want to die. 

It would traumatise my family so much. They're good people. They have fucked up in the past, in different ways. But they're good people. They mean only good and do no harm. I'm the anomaly. They love me so much but I'm such a bad person. 

Everything might come crashing down tomorrow and I don't know. Maybe I'll find the courage to go through with it and just end it all. Spare my family the shame. Before everyone finds out the extent of what I've done. 


But I don't want to die. Not for my sake. I personally don't want to live. But for their sake. I don't want to hurt them this way. It's been so many years since I've not wanted to live. I hate it. I'm constantly hurting. I just want to reboot. Like a video game. But I can't. I know it will destroy them. So I've held on. Of late because of this pandemic I'm seeing them more often and I feel trapped. My therapist is right. I can't change the past. I always thought I could atleast kill myself and end it once and for all. 

But now that I'm here, standing on the brink, I don't want to. But I feel like I have no choice. The very thought of hurting my family is causing me to breakdown every hour. I've seen up close what suicide can do. I know what will happen. I don't want to do that. I love them. I want to be loved by them. 

But I can't. I'm a terrible person. I've done unforgivable things. To more than one person. I'll have no one left once it's found. 

I know ODing on pills are the easiest, least messy way to go out. But I keep thinking about my mother finding me in bed. Her worst nightmare.

 I also have enough pills to go ahead with this.  

But I don't know if I can. 


I don't want to live. But I really really don't want to die.