How I know I'm fadingI know I am fading out at this point because bright shiny things in my life simply are not enough to fight back the darkness that ultimately will consume me.

That may sound a bit melodramatic but its true. I have a great job, I not only make good money but I make a difference in what I do every day. My daily actions help people reach a better quality of life. I sit as board member on two amazing non profit organizations helping women and children both domestically and internationally improve their lives. I have traveled the world a dozen times over and have countless memories but none of this seems to matter in the end.

It is getting hard again to get out of bed. The cancer treatments are keeping me alive but they will never cure me. I sit at home in the dark after my long days are done in silence broken only when it becomes to much and I cry. I will never again hold my son or the one true love of my life. I leave now for a few weeks for work and starting a school in Vietnam and yet I come home to silence and haunted memories.

Outside of work days go by and I never speak out loud. I crawled this week from my hotel bed to the toilet to vomit because I didn't bring enough pain medication due to my trip lasting long and it hurt so much I puked. I know I have done more good in this life than bad which is saying a lot because I am all to familiar with sin but I am genuinely afraid that I cannot carry on like this anymore.

I am simply not strong enough to carry all of this on myself and I cannot help but ask what will happen the day I cannot get out of that bed? It will be so many days or weeks before someone came looking and I know it would be horrible to end like that, and so I ask myself would taking myself out before it gets to that point be better? Would I at least then be able to keep a semblance of my dignity. Is laying in that state in my bed the way I want my life to be remembered? These thoughts keep cropping up and they terrify me more and more not because I hate them, and i do, but because I find myself hating them less every day now.

I am so afraid I will not have the strength to stand on my own soon and I feel like I am just fading now.