I can'tI don't know why I can't be okay.

I feel like I've been  in a game of whac-a-mole my whole entire life. Every time I pop my head up, I get hammered back down again.

I was abused by my father growing up until I was 15. My mom, siblings, and I ran away and tried to start over. It was rough. I'm smart, so I have that going for me. I got good grades in high school, got into a good university, and have been doing well academically ever since. That's where the good stuff ends basically ends.

Freshman year, I started dating the love of my life. Then my grandma, aunt, and cousin got in a car accident and died. A couple months later my best friend was hit by a drunk driver. That summer my high school sweetheart killed himself. 

Sophomore year, I was at a friend's party while my boyfriend was at work. I got roofied and sexually assaulted by a close friend. I didn't tell anyone because I didn't think they would believe me. It caused my relationship to suffer and it ended (the title at least).

Now, two years later, I'm still a mess. I'm still sleeping with my (ex) boyfriend. I've been on birth control for years. However, I got pregnant in December and didn't realize. I kept partying and going out with my friends, then I had a miscarriage at the end of January. It was an ectopic pregnancy, so i had to have a procedure, causing me to no longer be able to have children. I'm not insured, so now I am in massive debt from the surgery and hospital stay. I know its not my fault, but I blame myself anyway.

I honestly don't know what to do now. I feel like all I do is make the people around me stressed and hurt. I feel completely alone all the time. I used to go to a therapist, but it didn't really help. The only person I can handle being around is my ex, and I think he basically hates me. I'm going to be in so much debt before I even finish college. I've never felt anything but alone my entire life. Which is ridiculous, because I have friends, a job, a family that loves me, and a life. It just don't seem to matter anymore. Any of it...