I need friends and a little hopeA little about me. I’m 20 years old. I live in Chicago. Big music junkie, gamer, and I’m also a photographer. I’ve had depression since I was 10. I’ve attempted suicide three times over the course of 5 years. Most importantly, I don’t have friends and I’m genuinely looking to meet new people here who I can talk
about these things as well as people who share the same interests that I do.

Most of my friends are female, but they aren’t as active in my life anymore. and I only have one male best friend. He also suffers from severe depression so its hard to talk to him about things when he views everything negatively. When I help him it’s genuinely positive advice. With him, not so much. I don’t really speak to him that much. I relatively keep a distance from him, especially when I try to get myself together and the energy he passes onto me is not good. 

As for my female friends, I had three, they were great people but at the same time there was some kind of sexual tension with each and then some and all that messed with my thought process. One of them, very beautiful by the way, I actually had a crush on and she was flirting back but then awhile later pretended like it never happened, and I held a grudge against her for that. Another slept over my house on Mothers Day because her mom had passed away, and I didn’t want her to be alone on a day like that. She had a boyfriend at the time, but that night she was hinting that she wanted to have sex, as she was grinding against me and sitting on top of me to where I was inches away from her face. I’ve been the cheated on person before and I didn’t want to be in that situation so I never made a move. She had gotten into a fight with her boyfriend because he never spoke to her about her mom. She clearly was gonna use me as a rebound and when I didn’t have sex with her, she stopped talking to me. The last one, my closest one of them all, made me hold her and starting grinding against me as well during a concert. We went to another a week later, and again, same thing. I never made a move because its like, do these girls really care about me, or do they just want something from me? I don’t know and most people will say ‘you’re stupid for not having sex with them’ but its not really the sex I wanted from them, just someone to talk to and share interests and hobbies with. If I constantly relied on them for sex, I would never be able to advance and find a relationship because I’d be emotionally invested in them, since each one I did have a fling with at some point. Sex is cool, yeah, and believe me when I say these women are beautiful, but its not what I wanted.

Neither of them were there when I attempted to take my life, the last attempt being in October and spent 10 days locked up in a psych ward. No one visited. No one checked up on me after I checked out. Again, they just wanted me for their own desires and purposes.

I can’t tell you guys how many times I’ve reached out to the Suicide Prevention Hotline and most of the time, if not all the time actually, I get no response. And when I do it’s really nothing helpful, or something that would prevent me from doing anything harm to myself. Honestly they sound like the last place they want to be is there. I don’t know what your guys’ experience has been with the hotline but mine have been bad overall. 

Just really want to meet some cool Reddit friends. Talk about music. Talk about gaming. Talk about life. Even play sometime together (I have Xbox One, but I do plan on purchasing a PS4 soon). If you live in Chicago, fantastic, we could be great friends! 