All my parents like to do is crush my dreamsIt's not easy, being the younger of two children. I used to have many hopes and dreams but they would be crushed by my parents. I was compared to my sister, forced to do things I hated, compared to my friends and relatives, they never supported me at all. Everything I seemed to do was wrong. I would sleep wrong, eat wrong, walk wrong. To them, I was just... walking failure. Like I was just useless. Anything I did, I would be judged for. Once, in Primary School, I really wanted to sing. Singing was like my life back then, I loved it as it made me feel so satisfied. So, my friends told me to go join my school's yearly production, supporting me. I asked my parents for advice, and that was when they told me my singing was horrible and that I should just stay away from the production. That was only the first time, though. The next time was when I had hopes about doing sport- specifically, archery. I found the bow empowering and strengthening, but again, my parents took my dream down. They said they wouldn't spend money on getting me classes and that I should forget it. I ended up using my own money to get classes, which costed quite a bit, but it was worth it. My parents never knew, they thought I was going to my friend's house for study. Recently, I had been diagnosed with an incurable back problem that would last my whole life, and now my parents are fussing over everything. They were so nasty to me all my life. My sister was perfect, of course. She got good grades, beautiful looks, a boyfriend, a successful student, skinny, enough sleep, perfectly mentally stable. Everything I'm not. I may get good grades, but I'm a complete mess. I have no friends, I look like complete crap, I have insomnia, and deal with a mental issue that affects me on a both mental and physical level. It hurts to hear my parents talk about how much of a failure I am behind my back. I can hear them talking through the walls of my room. It's always something negative, something I did and sometimes even things I didn't know about. It's like I was born a failure. I wanted to do a competition this year, it's the 'Young Musician's Festival'. After four years of forcing me to play piano, I actually wanted to play a song and sing for the competition and my parents completely shut me down again. They said I was a bother and that I shouldn't do it because I wouldn't even get through the heats. I started crying. I couldn't help it, it's just so... heartbreaking when even your parents hate you. I don't know why, I don't know what i did. It always seems like everything is my fault, and I genuinely hate it. I hate having my dreams turned down, being a mess, being mentally unstable. I hate it and I don't know what to do. Now I feel completely discouraged to join YMF and their first heats is just a few weeks away, and I can't even play the piano now because I feel like I'm never going to learn things in time. I don't know what to do...