I might be about to flunk out of college again.I need a 2.0 gpa this semester to stay in school. I have been struggling with alcoholism for years and I finally got my act together this semester. Unfortunately I was not 100% committed to my coursework until halfway through the semester.

I am less than 1% away from getting that 2.0 Literally 6 points away in one of my classes. I have been sober for a month now. I have tried so hard to catch up. I tried so hard. I passed all my classes. I am/was so close. I emailed my professor in a professional manner, inquiring about his policy when it comes to rounding up grades to the nearest integer, as it's not mentioned in the syllabus.

I wrote a candid letter about my situation, explaining everything I've been through to that professor. But I haven't sent it. I wrote it, but I don't want to embarrass myself. It'd be so unprofessional to send that, right? I can't straight up ask for a grade bump. I know I don't deserve a C- in his class... but I am so close. SO close. I hid the fact that I flunked out last year from my whole family. I hid it from everybody. I worked so hard this semester and got decent grades in half my classes.

I am so close and I know that he won't round it up that half percent. There might be a curve but he hasn't specified at all. I sent the email 5 minutes ago, so I have to be patient until tomorrow. 

How do I face my parents how do I face myself how will I ever have confidence again

I feel paralyzed. Idk what's going to happen. I don't want to kill myself but I want to die if I fail. I haven't had a drink. I'm staying strong for now but come tomorrow I don't know what will happen.

I have a 69.6% in that class. Final grades are in. I got As on the first two exams, and a C on the final. I was so close. I only turned in half the assignments. I missed four out of the eleven quizzes. I can't fucking believe I did this.

My other classes are a B+, a C+, and a D. the D was differential equations and I tried even harder in that class. No matter what I did  I had such a hard time performing on the tests.

I don't know what to do. What will happen to me