So tired of everythingI hardly ever leave my house anymore because I don't have a license/car and I have an infant and it's been too cold to take him outside for walks. The only time I leave my house is when I go with my mom to the store.

I have no job because I'm unable to get one due to my really bad anxiety. I babysit for my sister almost every day of the week and that's how I get money even though im seriously underpaid. Her children and mini Satans and I can't stand watching them anymore. It makes me so sad and angry and irritable whenever I have to watch them and i can't wait until they leave. Having to watch them is making me start to resent them and I don't want to not like them but i can t help it anymore. 

I have absolutely no friends. The only person I interact with besides my nephew/niece and  son is my mom and she's hardly ever home anymore. I'm left home alone most of the day when I don't babysit. I feel like I'm trapped all the time and I can't take it anymore. I'm so fucking lonely and I can't really do anything about it.

I keep thinking I'm over my ex and then I have random days where I cry a lot because of him. He basically has nothing to do with our kid so I'm raising him on my own which gets to be too much at times when I just want ten minutes to myself and can t have that. I love my son and love being with him but it would be great to have like an hour to myself for once. My ex has a new girlfriend now and that depresses me at times and I can't help but think of what he's probably doing at the moment and that it could be me instead of her with him

My thoughts are a mess all the time and are all over the place. I feel like I'm losing my mind and every day it gets worse. 

The loneliness and being trapped in my house and watching my sister's kids are all getting to be way too much for me and it's killing me. I don't know what to do.

If I didn't have my kid, I'd probably have tried to kill myself by now to be honest. 

I'm only 20 so I'm hoping that things will get better and won't always be depressing like they are now but I honestly don't think anything will ever get better 

I'm so fucked up from my kid's dad because he always beat the shit out of me and mentally abused me so bad and cheating on me and so many other horrible things and I can't get past that either 




I don't think there's any hope for me anymore.