I want an outA throwaway, because duh,
Info about me, to begin with:
I'm 15, I live in the UK, I'm gay.

Why do I want an out?

I love a boy. This isn't something new to me. I'm cool with the gay, I've been with boys before, etc. It's that I love *this* boy. His name is Will. Let me tell our story. I regret a lot of things I've done in this story.

Will is 14. He attends my school. For 6 months, starting about a year ago, he was dating my friend. That ended around the start of July. During their relationship, I tried to follow him on Instagram. He declined my requests, multiple times. I was a twat and kept requesting BECAUSE THAT'S HOW TO MAKE PEOPLE LIKE YOU, RIGHT?

Lo and behold, he finally accepted. I finally got to learn what this infamous Will looked like. Cute is the answer.

I can't recall if he accepted during or after the relationship. I don't think that I actually know. But, come 22nd June (a Thursday), I decide to speak to him. Will is bi.

I speak to him after school, at the bus stop. It's nice, we get along okay. I KINDA flirt idk it wasn't very much. We chat later on instagram. It's chill. We chat intermittently for a week. I see him again on the Friday after school. I make some juvenile mistakes, I let on that I'm a bit of a hoe. Etc etc. Thursday night (the 29th) I say "ok night x". This is the first time I'd ever sent him an "x". He never replies.

The next day, I just have a quick chat after school, because I'm waiting for a bus again and when I go I decide to half-hug (one arm, at the side) him FML. I then decide to check his instagram. He had blocked me. 

Was it the evening before? Was it literally just then? Either way, I'd fucked up.

6 days roll by. I am cycling to school that day, but I decide that damn it I should confront him. I have nothing to lose, right? RIGHT????

I confronted him. It was awks. He said that I was being "too forward" and "he asked a friend what to do" (probably Daniel, his ex). Nevertheless, he unblocked me. I hope it's not because I scared him. It probably is.

I try messaging him on instagram, he doesn't reply. He hasn't since. I decide to leave it.

School finishes for summer and I forget about Will. When I'm back at school though, I remember how cute he is. I decide to write him a note in a lesson. It was about 2/3 of a page, just kinda apologising for scaring him, hoping we can talk, etc etc. I give it to him by hand, he thanks me. I imagine he read it. He didn't talk to me, if he did, although for the next few weeks when I saw him at school he'd say hi to me, or I would to him. It was nice, until it stopped.

Recently, I started an LGBTQ+ group at my school. On like week 3, Will started coming. He comes most weeks. We exchange pleasantries, and only really talk as a group. It's kinda tragic. 

Last Thursday, I decided I couldn't take it any more. I decided I wanted to write him another letter. It was long (2 sides) and awful. I showed it to Dan. He said it was awful. I wrote a shorter one:

&gt; Will

&gt; I'm a freak

&gt; I'm sorry

&gt; Please chat some time

&gt; Felix

I showed Dan this. He said I was being overly dramatic and that I needed to stop with Will. Idk.
I showed my computing teacher, who is also gay and I'm quite good friends with. He said I was being too harsh on myself. I wrote a 3rd (with small changes to make a 4th) note, which I ended up delivering.

&gt; Will
&gt; 
&gt; I'm sorry for, and ashamed of, how I've behaved in the past.
&gt; 
&gt; I (would) value your friendship. It'd be nice to talk sometime. I can explain better in person.
&gt; 
&gt; See you on Wednesday. {My club} We could talk after?
&gt; 
&gt; Felix

I didn't include the stuff in {}, it's context. I think it's a good note. I wanted to deliver it before last Wednesday's meeting, but I froze during my only opportunity. I gave it to him after school on Wednesday instead (at bus stop).

The problem is, I've been looking at him too often. Too much awkward eye contact. Brief, but there. And he probably thinks I'm a creep.

It's not going to work. I just really want to date him. The word is tender. I just want a sweet, tender, youthful romance with Will. It won't happen.

I've fucked it up already. He won't speak to me, I know it. I googled him last night. I found him at the top of google images (from his profile on his football club's website). He looks amazing. I wish I could go and see him play tomorrow, but that would be REALLY creepy. I just love him so much. 

I want to die, because I need life with him. Even looking at him makes me feel sad, and longing. I also don't want to die. I want it all to work. I just want an out, and death seems ideal.

I have a plan, it involves a computer air duster. It seems like a good plan, if I go through with it. I just don't know if I can.

Please help me.