Need help to help friends.Made a throwaway for this post. I wanted to post my story earlier, but today something happened that made me post it right now. 

One of my closest friends had suicidal thoughts every now and then and was harming herself (cutting/burning, maybe more that she did not tell me). However, she no longer has suicidal thoughts. She's still feeling depressed and self harms frequently. Less frequent now though, where it used to be daily it's about once a week now. I've been trying my best to be as supportive as I can for her, listening and msning/texting with her daily. If I could I'd see her daily and talk to her, but she lives on the other country, so when I do get the chance to visit her I'll always take it. I know she appreciates it a lot and says it has helped her so much, to see someone care about her like no one does. 

However, her luck has been horrible lately. Everything that could go wrong, went wrong. I'm not going into the smaller details, since what happened today just shocked me. One of her closest friends told her he had almost attempted suicide today, but did not because of her. Now I have only seen this friend once and never speak to him, but of course I don't want him to do such a thing. I don't know what I can do to help him out, maybe I can't. But I know she can, as a close friend. This did however make her feel horrible. She was all crying when I called her (and I lost it as well). I really don't know what I can do to help both of them out, her to cope with this but him to not contemplate suicide anymore. 

Sorry for not going into much details, I'm afraid she/he will know this post is about her since they browse reddit from time to time. However, I'd love to have someone to talk to via perhaps MSN or PM. In real life I have no one I can discuss this with and it's been getting harder and harder on me to give the best support I can. Especially since I have no one to let it all out to from time to time. Now I'll have to go to bed/study a bit more for an exam tomorrow. I will check back in about 17-20h. I really hope you guys/girls can help me out.