life shouldn't be this hardI lie in bed for hours trying to get my mind to sleep. my thoughts are frantic thinking about the future and all my embarrassing moments from the last. I just can't escape it. I wake up every day and there's nothing I want from life. the only reason I wake up if for my three baby turtles. I don't know what I'd without them. I think if I lost them then I'd break. besides them, I don't want nothing out of life. my family has been pressuring me about college since the fourth grade when I first started receiving college mail. it sounded fun, but now I don't want anything at all. I buy shoes, clothes, books and technology, but I can't feel the emptiness inside of me. I don't think any of my friends really like me, so I'm putting a bit of space between us (except for my one friend), but other than her I don't really talk to anyone. I hate waking up, I hate my body and I hate my mind. I try so hard to love myself and be positive and give life the benefit of the doubt, but I just can't anymore. I'm so sad all the time and no one likes a sad girl moping around all the time. I only find joy in my baby turtles and materialistic items that can change any moment. I've made a few pros and cons list and my cons are always over my pros. I'm in so much pain all of the time and there's so many things wrong with me. I just can't do life anymore. every second that I stay here is a another second that I'm hurting. I just want peace and if death is the way to go then...maybe that's the only way out.

I've tried getting a job and at first I was so happy because it meant to me that someone needed me and I felt important. but, over the months people became meaner and I got more sensitive. I'd get blamed for simple mistakes or things I didn't do. I got chastised for having a quiet voice, or for stuttering often. I hated it there. I quit last month and I felt great at the time. but, then I got home and the same loneliness that comes around when I'm not doing anything set it. I'll stay in bed for hours lying in the dark thinking. or standing in the shower for hours trying to focus on the water and not my thoughts. I thought I wanted a job, but all I've ever wanted was peace. and I can't find peace here.

I was looking forward to the new marvel movies coming out, but as much as marvel means to me; I can't anymore. life shouldn't be this hard.