Opening up about suicidal thoughts feels like I'm attention seeking, but here goes nothing!Hello Reddit friends,

19 year old depressed guy here, living poor and thinking about a lot of gross things involving self harm and suicide, to the point where I now have multiple plans made with locations and methods. I'm not going to die today or tomorrow but it feels like reasons to go on are closing in fast. 

My art, my music, my writing and games are all mediocre and it feels like a waste to pursue these hobbies as anything full time. I've recently gotten out of a relationship with a lot of toxic aspects to it and I'm craving the abuse and obsession from her like an addiction, I feel hollow and worthless without her. I want to feel like I'm trapped in a relationship again and never let go. I think about how my politics, my opinions, my sexuality and other aspects of me are so divergent that I can't fit into any group comfortably as I feel like I'd be stepping on egg shells to please people and to not start drama. My mood swings have been quite steep lately as well, some days I'm happy and other days I want to cut or to actually go through with it. Finally, I don't want to get too into it but my interests in the bedroom have been getting extreme and a lot of what I'm interested in in my head makes me feel justified in ending my life (although it's nothing illegal, just gross and degenerate).

Don't want to say too much, even now I feel like I'm making people roll their eyes at my bullshit. A big reason why I don't like opening up like this usually is because I feel like I'm being an attention seeker so I keep trying to push down all this as much as I can but today was my breaking point. Hence this Reddit post.

I hope maybe I can get some advice on some of the things I've been talking about here. To reiterate, I'm not in any danger right now so please don't call anyone. Just not feeling great at all. I hope you're having a better day then me.

Shout outs to the young adults who like season one of Star Vs The Forces of Evil and who are into weird, off color stuff. &lt;3