I’m so scared of being suicidal again because I have nothing and no one left to hold me backI don’t know if it’s the right place but I’m panicking and have no one else to talk to to, my therapist doesn’t answer and hotlines never helped me. 

I’m nearly 12 weeks pregnant, living with my ex, we agreed about having an abortion and then trying to fix our relationship because I’m unfortunately still in love with him. 
I was supposed to have an abortion two weeks ago but I got scared and was ill with bum problems (hemorrhoids) and needed to sort them out and also it gave me more time to think, I had my bum fixed and abortion booked on Wednesday. I got a job offer to start working overseas for two months (I’m homeless and broke af if it wasn’t my ex helping me), here abortion is legal until 24 weeks so I was about to leave and go to work just to save a tiny bit to have something. 
My ex freaked out and wants me to have an abortion we have been discussing since yesterday. 

This morning he wanted to go see his friends but offered to stay because I was having a panic attack I said he could go, because I would feel guilty if he didn’t. 
He left and I started to panic but in a destructive way wasn’t just tears and my body aching, I start to need to see blood and hurt physically rather than mentally. I called my ex begging him to come back because I was so scared and therapist wasn’t replying, he kept saying I would survive... I don’t know if whoever is reading it can understand but I had three or four weeks of clarity, no panicking, not depressed I had normality so when it come backs it’s huge, it’s like the first time. 

My ex after screaming on the phone things like “you know my friends are more important to you” “hope you are happy I’m coming back” “he is more important than you” “I won’t sacrifice friendships for you” and now he is coming back, I don’t want to be more important than anyone, I never asked to, I just have no friends, family or anyone besides my therapist and my ex. 

Now he is coming back and I’m so so scared of him putting me down and making me go suicidal because I have attempted to take my life before, but after a dark time I am still not thinking about taking my life but I’m so scared of it coming back too. I just need a friend, I don’t want to be a selfish bitch on the way of people’s life, I feel like I’m a burden but I just don’t want to be alone, don’t want the thoughts to come back but I also don’t deserve to hear that someone is more important than me meanwhile I just want a hand. 

I don’t know I just wanted to vent, maybe people will say that I’m wrong for asking him to come back and insisting and I know I am, I’m just so sorry and so scared