Feels like the end.
I’m not really looking for advice or solutions. I’m not being defeatist, and I’m not looking for words to remind me of all I have to live for. I have no one to talk to and things I want to say.

I have fucked up my life, big time. Every decision has an adverse effect. Some sledgehammer like, but mostly they have had a nagging, eroding impact that culminates in a tunnel out of which I can’t see an exit. I am so sad to have wasted my potential, and to be disappointing.

This year has been awful, with the implosion of a long term relationship on the cusp of marriage, a home, a routine, expectation and resounding happiness. I have tried all year to keep afloat in a new city, with no support system, financially reliant on myself alone for the first time, whilst trying to find meaning in a world left blown open. That it was entirely my fault is the worst thing, I deserve all of this. Almost twelve months ago my life was perfect. Now I’m dreading Christmas on my own, my birthday is this month. I’m being bombarded with the one year anniversaries of every bad thing that’s happened. I just can’t do it. People keep asking how 2019 has been for me and I want to scream.

I live in a very, very, HCL city on an unskilled wage with no one to share the bills. My justification is that what I pay is cheap for what I have, basically a studio. I could pay less but get less (I.e shared bathroom/ kitchen) and have less freedom. I acknowledge that this isn’t the right mind set, but haven’t never lived with anyone but a partner I can’t face sharing a bathroom, especially at my age. Whilst trying to live a somewhat frugal lifestyle I still want to buy fresh veg, face wash that works for me etc nothing I’d consider extravagant but it’s my the low end if the market, and makes me feel human. Tonight I went for dinner with three girls I used to work with. We go monthly and I love seeing them. I left having paid two weeks worth of groceries for a meal and drinks that it turns out weren’t subject to the discount we’d planned. 

I date, which is expensive. Again, it gives me something to do in a city where I know no one. Every month I extend my overdraft. I can barely make bills yet I can’t give up the only things that bring me any enjoyment. I think about how it doesn’t matter if I’m going to die soon. I struggle to buy washing powder thinking there’s no point because I’m going to kill myself. I think that everyday. I have the means and the wish to, only one off life events for others distract me (weddings etc). 
I tried therapy but it turns out a colleague volunteers there, so I stopped going. I started a degree course that I found hard to attend due to work commitments and anxiety, now I’ve withdrawn because I’ve not attended enough and I’m left £2000 further in the hole. I try to do something to help myself, but it backfires and it’s all my fault. 

I have found some happiness with someone who is so out of my league it actually makes me feel worse, even though he’s amazing and he loves me. But I shouldn’t expect to be saved, and I can’t save myself. It’s not fair to him. But selfishly can’t think how to end things when I enjoy him so much. Logically I need to, so I will. I just wanted it all to work out so badly, I wanted to move on, I wanted to live an easy life, but I don’t deserve it and I don’t have the energy. I don’t really know why I’m writing this, I just want someone to listen, and acknowledge that my life is shit and it’s not selfish to consider ending it. I want to be reassured that it won’t hurt anymore, I won’t have to worry and it’s ok to want out. Please understand, I need someone to understand.