I'm thinking New Years..... I've decided to go out with a bang in Vegas on New Year's....
Killing myself has been in my head for the past month constantly.  I'm failing at life and I just don't want to figure it out anymore.  And this is coming from a happy go lucky person.  But my failure to succeed at this maze called "life" is driving me insane every day.

My present situation is this.  I live between two houses with my parents and work for our family business which I was going to take over.   This at my age already makes me feeling like the biggest loser in the world.  
I'm 41, just got my 4th DUI since 1996, and my life is going nowhere.  I'm stuck working for the family business, broke up with a girl I was in love with, pretty much in financial shambles, and I see no point of life right now.
  I moved back home  about 10 years ago and I've been stuck here ever since.  At the time I thought it was going to be temporary, but I got lazy and comfortable.   I see no joy right now.  I hate working, even though I'm about to start an Internet storefront with a partner to get away from the family.  Music, sports , movies, books, working out, doesn't give me the joy anymore.  Everything bores me and I'm basically lifeless.  Many of you might think this is because I'm an alcoholic, but this in all my honesty, is not the case.    I'm just really stupid and don't deserve to live anymore.  How can anyone get 4 fucken DUI's(all .08-.10) and not be an alcoholic???   Well this may sound like denial, but it's the honest truth.  It is my self destructive personality, and I just don't want to deal with it anymore.  
I had so much potential to live a fun, fulfilling life, and now that potential has turned into a nightmare.  
I just see so many character flaws within myself: vanity, not being honest in my relationships, laziness, not being self-aware, no humility, no discipline, materialistic, the list goes on,,,,   At this point in my life, the only thing that interests me is to travel and experience life.  But due to my self destructive behavior, this is looking impossible.  
Unless something drastic happens for the positive in the next few months, I am going to go to Vegas on New Year's and overdose on something painless.  In this way, it'll be easier on my parents and friends.   
And yes getting my 4th DUI triggered me to where I am at now but it's the other factors I just can't deal with anymore.  

EDIT:  I'm getting constant headaches from stressing over my life.  I wish I could actually cry but I can't even do that