I feel like my suicide would be perfectly fitting/ poetic justice
Is that the right term?? This is what I mean:

As far as I know, my school’s never had a suicide. If anyone should kill themselves (not that anyone should), it should be me. It would have the biggest effect if it was me. It would seem reasonable and people would be shocked but wouldn’t be SURPRISED. 
I was very severely bullied every day for 4 years by 13 people, and about 6 at once. The teachers had never seen bullying so extreme. The ENTIRE YEAR hated me and almost everyone knew it. I was the most hated person in the year, maybe even the school, for NO REASON. Or at least nothing in my control. Bullying is one of the most horrible things of humanity. 
I have been depressed for about the last 2 years. And I have very very few friends and no social life at all. Having no friends damages your self esteem in every way possible. I never did ANYTHING intentionally wrong to the people who bullied me. I just burst into tears writing this. I didn’t deserve a single SECOND of the hell they gave me EVERY DAY for 4 years 😭😭

If I killed myself, all those kids would think “She really did it” and would say “WE drove her to this” and kids at neighbouring schools would say “You know (my name) who got picked on? She committed suicide” and “A girl from (my school) killed herself!” And “Everyone made fun of one girl for no reason and always made a joke out of her and were so mean to her and there were always so many bystanders but NO ONE EVER STUCK UP FOR HER because they all just wanted to follow the crowd, thinking “Oh it’s (my name) so it’s okay to treat her like SHIT and look down on her and TELL HER to KILL HERSELF and then just go on with their day like it’s nothing” and now she’s dead.”

Then my death could at least raise awareness and maybe (definitely) reduce bullying at my school and the pastoral support would double. Maybe that was my purpose after all. Also no one would care if I wasn’t there.
I would walk into our house common room and the same boy would announce my entrance to the whole crowd and while everyone silenced would shout “GET OUT LARA. NO ONE WANTS YOU HERE.” in such a sincere way. They made it pretty clear I was unwanted there. 

No one really cares about me. Or maybe they all care, just not enough. 

The only way people would care about me is if I was dead. Similarly, I’ve been thinking.. what if the only way to not feel bad is to stop feeling anything at all, forever?

I don’t want to stall too much so that I’ve left school when I do it because then the school won’t take responsibility and will be able to say it wasn’t because of them. I don’t want the wrong people to be blamed. 

I don’t know how much longer I can go on. It’s like a candle is burning, and I don’t know how much is left of it (height) but I can tell from the puddle of wax on top it isn’t much. 

It wouldn’t be a loss if I died and I would actually be doing people a favour.