My Story of Chronic Suicidality and Self HarmHi everyone, I just discovered this subreddit and dont have anyone in my life to talk to so i decided I'de just post my story here to vent. I don't expect anyone to see this, care, nor sympathize because I know other have it worse off, but writing at least fills some time that I wish I didnt have.

I've been chronically suicidal for 2 years. I'm a 20 year old female. Last christmas I attempted suicide and did so again in the summer. I've been cutting since Dec of 2017.  I've also coped by getting black-out drunk, pills, drinking bleach, and burning myself with a curling rod.

Sadness and emotional pain is so much more difficult to deal with than anger and physical pain are. I wish people who judged people who are suicidal would take one look at this subreddit. See that these people aren't sadistic, arent looking for attention, aren't going through a phase. They have stories. They have pain.

When I was 17 I was sexually assaulted. I was tutoring a boy who was younger than me but taller and much bigger. I moved on and gave up tutoring and got a part time job while I wrapped up my last year of high school. I worked the night shift, 11-7am and was harassed by a customer who would try to sneak in to the back room where I worked. He would threaten me when he came through the drive thru and I did my best to hide. I had to leave that job as well. I decided to put off going to University for a year and got a full time job which started in September. I've never had a boyfriend, nor any friends for that matter. I always kept to myself and just did what I needed to get to University.

When i started this job everything was fine. It wasnt glamorous but it wasnt in customer service anymore and it was as secluded as an entry level job could be. Then my manager started to get friendlier and friendlier with me. I liked him, he was so much older but we were just having fun. I had never flirted or been interested in a guy before. They had let me down so many times and I honestly started to hate them all. It was super casual until he drove me to my apartment one night after a late working day. After that we were very close. We'de spend most of the working day together, open up to eachother, and I finally thought I had a friend in someone. When it got closer to the winter I started having anxiety about submitting my applications for University. I was still upset about things that happened to me in the past and was questioning my boss's intentions. I really liked him, he had a girlfriend, and I knew deep down he was a womanizer who just wanted attention. But I played into it. I always have played into what a man wants me to do. I hated myself. I hated that I had developed feelings for someone whose heart I suspected wasnt in the right place. But for a brief moment my boss made me feel like I was special in some way. He was charming and I was vulnerable as fuck. He noticed one day that I had marks on my arms, even though I did my best to hide them. He hugged me for a long time. He just held me and I began to cry. I told him everything about myself. I told him that I was sexually assaulted and how much it affected me. He told me he had a friend who committed suicide and he wanted to help me through this.

He listened, he seemed to give a shit. When i left that job in August to leave for school I was in a really dark place. I attempted suicide again and then was just angry at myself for failing twice at it. So I decided to change my mindset. Focus on the big picture and forget the past. I would suffer through school, go to work on the breaks like I was promised and if I cut so be it. It was a crutch that at least brought some relief. I wanted to be a lawyer. University to me right now feels so useless. My degree doesn't matter, the classes are useless, everyone in this place simply cares about having sex, partying and getting loaded. That isn't me. I have no friends here and everyday I want to die. I planned to attempt suicide once again in the winter, on the date of my birthday. The thought of making it to 20 years old made me sick.

When the winter break this past December came up I desperately needed money and when I went back to my job which was secured for me to come back on the winter and summer breaks I was declined. They told me they didnt need anyone and "they'll see how the summer goes". Yet I found out later that right after that they let someone else who was a student come back. Then a co-worker told me that my boss had been telling people I sexually assaulted him. This broke me. This right now, is killing me. You can't trust anyone in life. He told people my story. Claimed it happened to him. Claimed I grabbed him by the dick and initiated sex. Thats what happened to me and he knows that. I was grabbed and forced into sex acts. The betrayal and pain from that is unbearable.

I'm a self-harmer, I prefer physical pain. The assault I felt I could semi-deal with. It was an isolated incident. But after I was emotionally hurt by someone I genuinely cared about, I couldnt cope. I havent spoken to a single person in person since September. I can't trust anyone. I can't sit too close to people in class because Im so socially anxious to let anyone anywhere near me. 

My birthday came and went, I took prescription sleeping pills and slept the whole day because I was too weak to try to commit suicide again.

Now i'm just so lost. I have no money to pay the school, no money to pay residence, no support system, and am too cowardly to off myself.