I just wrote my suicide note and I am about to end my life. By the time anyone reads this I will be dead.Not that anyone will care anyways. 

But I am ending my life. I can't take anymore. I have survived being raped and molested from age 5 to 8 by my step dad. *I am a guy.* I suffered from him beating me daily till I was bleeding. I have suffered from him torturing me and tying me to a tree for days on end no food or water, my mom not caring. him trying to kill me. I have suffered ten years homelessness. never going to school, not learning to read or write until I was 20. now I am 38. I have spent ten years homeless on the streets and have seen many deaths either natural or murders or suicides live right in front of me. I have been shot at, stabbed, had a guy shoot a gun next to my ear while robbing me and causing permanent hearing loss in my left ear. 

I suffer from morbid obesity and can't lose weight from my hormones being out of whack and from genetics being messed up. I have been obese since childhood. no matter what I did, it didn't help or work. 

I have never had family, friends, no one has ever loved or wanted me, even down to my own family. I had to raise myself since I was 5 years old. Had no childhood, never went to school etc. Lost my mom when I was 25, she passed, never knew my real dad till I was 23 then he died a few months later. no siblings no aunts or cousins. I am utterly alone in this world. 

To this day I suffer from PTSD, Severe Social Anxiety, Severe Chronic Depression, OCD, ADHD, Dyslexia, Suicidal Tendencies, I have a very addictive personality, I suffer from Regular Anxiety, Paranoia, Severe Abandonment Issues. And no meds or therapy helps. I have tried for ten years to get it all fixed.

Past eight years I have spent in the dating scene and trying to find a woman to date and settle down with. Past 8 years I have been rejected around 1600 times and told I am ugly, disgusting, worthless, useless, told I have nothing to offer a woman or give a woman, mocked at laughed at, told I don't deserve love or a relationship, told I needed to end my life for being so fat and lazy.
 

The other night I had this woman tell me she was interested in talking to me, she loved what she read about me and thought I sounded like a wonderful man. Told me she was fighting alcoholism, was 37, a single mom of 4. living with her parents and jobless. but then she seen my pics and then she said I should be ashamed of myself and I am worse than a drug addict and there is no way she would be with someone as ugly and fat as I am.

Past eight years I have put myself out there and haven't had one date let alone one woman give me a chance. maybe she is right.

Since I was 20 all I wanted to do was find someone who I can eventually settle down with. Be romantic with. who enjoys gaming either it be card games, board games, video games, or just binge watch movies or tv shows. who enjoys the flea markets, parks, lakes, long road trips to nowhere. enjoys slow dancing and snuggling. Someone who is serious and wants to eventually live together and be a real couple. Someone to grow old with and to have a long lasting relationship with.

I would love to find someone to wake up in the morning her in my arms, me sneak out of bed, make breakfast for her. Someone to go to the park, lake or just sit around the house play card/board games or do arts and crafts with and if she had kids we do that stuff as a family. 

To be a family that sits at the dinner eat dinner together. if she has kids then we have family nights every weekend and every other weekend would have family talk night where her kids and her and I could talk and say anything openly without worry or fear of being judged by each other so the kids could have that support at home they would need. 

I would love to have someone to be romantic with and have  nights under the night sky with champagne, candles, roses, and her in my arms. I would love to find someone to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries and holidays together. To have that companionship, closeness, togetherness with someone. To be able to just be next to that person and they just look at you and are smiling just because you are right there next to them and you are the reason they are smiling and the reason their eyes are twinkling. 

I get told I am a great guy, an amazing guy, a wonderful man, told any woman would be lucky to have me, then when they find out I am overweight they reject me, ghost me, mock me, bully me, say cruel mean hateful things. maybe they are right though. maybe my weight does make me all those things. and because I can't lose the weight and I can't have the surgery. I will just end it and save this world from having to suffer another day with me in it.

Goodbye and I am sorry for all the misery and suffering I have caused everyone for just trying to be alive and for trying to be loved and for trying to love.