Thinking that it might be time to kill myselfFor the past two hours, I've been sitting here with my gun in my purse, wondering if tonight's the night to kill myself. I live with the idea that I will, eventually, kill myself, not just because life sucks but also because I'm a pretty awful person and killing me would be doing the world a favor. So in my mind, it's not a matter of if I'll kill myself...it's when I'll kill myself.

Life just . . . keeps pushing me further into a corner where I can't escape from. I've got Type II Bipolar Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder. I'm a fucking mess. Currently in therapy, but no meds because my insurance switched and this therapy place won't prescribe meds until you spend two months in therapy. Therapy is okay, not really doing a whole lot for me. I have some left over meds from my last foray into therapy. Take a pill about once or twice a week. It allows me to function somewhat throughout the week.

Biggest issue that's driving me to suicide? My mother-in-law. It's super complicated, but long story short, she used to not like me and I put in a huge effort to be friends with her. Got engaged and she flipped out, said she hoped we'd just break up. Thinks I'm childish for having mental illnesses and not keeping everything bottled up inside. My husband knows his mom is crazy but these days, even he thinks I ought to just get over all the emotional abuse she's put me through and just be friends with her. Which I literally cannot do. Being in the same room as her makes me anxious. Even typing this I'm starting to shake. 

I often manage to convince myself that I'm in the right here. I know I wasn't right about everything, but trying to avoid contact with someone who thinks so poorly of me and was (and sometimes still is) emotionally abusive? I feel like I'm right to do that. But my husband disagrees, he thinks I need to get over it. Of course he's too kind to say it like that, but that's the gist of it.

If I kill myself, I remove a toxic part of the equation. Sure, my husband will be super upset about it, but there will no longer be than tension in the household (we live with his mom because everyone is poor). I won't be stealing him away from time he could spend helping her. And him helping her matters, because she has very advanced multiple sclerocis. I won't be taking up time, food, money. I won't have to figure out what the fuck I'm doing in college and how I'm suppose to turn it into a career that'll make enough money to feed and house us. The fact that we only have one car won't be an issue. I won't make my husband miserable anymore by existing. 

I really need to talk to someone about this. And I don't have anyone. My husband is mad at me because of the broken relationship between his mom and me. I have two friends I've talked to when I'm feeling suicidal before, but they can't really take it. The last time I talked to each of them they freaked out. I don't feel that I know anyone else well enough to bring this up. I mean, someone you don't talk to much or who seems fairly normal-ish just ups and messages you "Hey I have a gun and I want to kill myself and I really need to talk to someone, you got a few minutes?" I hate it when I can't talk to my husband about stuff. I talk to him about most everything. But suicide? He just freaks out about it. 

I feel like this post went nowhere. Thats feels about right, though. Everything feels vague and directionless and . . . I don't know, like I'm wading through water and there's nowhere to go. 