Pregnant wife's depression is turning into rage and suicidal thoughts...againMy wife and I were recently married and we just found out she is pregnant a few weeks ago. She has struggled with depression/bi-polar disorder (no on really knows for sure what it is) for years. She was hospitalized for it a year ago, but that only helped in the short-term. She has since stopped taking all medication and won't see therapist. To add to that, she lost her job a few months ago because she could never wake up and make it in on time (a problem she blamed on her medicine). So, we rely entirely on my job, which doesn't quite cover monthly expenses. As a result of this, I am forced to be away from home all day while she sleeps for 14-18 hours. I have stayed home on days where she is especially bad and suicidal, but I worry that my job is being put at risk if I do it anymore.

Anyway, over the past month or so, her depression has been transforming into an extreme anger that causes her to lash out at any given moment. She has grown to resent our cat and dog, who she constantly yells at. She wakes up anywhere from 2-4pm and proceeds to lay in front of the tv and nap the rest of the day. She won't do dishes, feed/take out our pets, or even eat more than a granola bar (until I make her something or take her somewhere when I get home). She has started growing resentful of me if I do anything for myself, like watching a basketball game. Every time we fight, even over something small, she shuts down and won't talk to me and then suggests we get a divorce. I know she doesn't want this and she would in all likelihood kill herself within days if it came to that. I have fought her and told her that's stupid and we will get through this, but it is so goddamn hard. It's been 3 years that I have been holding her up. When she is feeling better, like last summer, things are awesome and I know that it's all worth it.

Yesterday, she asked if she should get an abortion, something that she could never even imagine doing before (she wouldn't even take a plan b pill during a pregnancy scare while we were in college). I told her no way and that she would regret it for the rest of her life and she let it end there. Then she asked what I would do if I came home from work tomorrow (today) and found her dead. She has said this before, but it's so hard to hear that from her. I explained how destroyed I would be, but she doesn't seem to believe it and I feel that she thinks I will be better off if she kills herself.

I don't know what to do anymore. She flat out refuses any kind of treatment and I think she is causing herself to push me and anyone else away so hard that it might actually work one day and I will be too tired to continue on and finally give up fighting for her.

EDIT: thanks for your support, I am still somewhat optimistic about the future, but there is still a lot to be concerned about.