I want to die but I don't want to feel any more painHello, my account name is my real name, I'm 19 and from Lebanon. I don't think writing down my entire  autobiography is gonna make anyone feel even 1% of what I'm feeling right now but I'll just type everything I can. Since I was little I was (and still am, not to sound like a narcissist) extremely intelligent. Always getting the highest grades, teachers always selecting me as their "helper" in younger classes because I could actually speak and communicate well and wasn't completely idiotic like most 5-year-olds. I remember I always scored 19.5/20 or even higher. I had a lot of friends and I even remember having multiple girls fighting over me in elementary lol. But at 14 years maybe things started to change, I got depression and social anxiety, for apparently no reason other than hormonal imbalances I guess. I stopped making eye contact with anyone and stopped talking to all my friends, who actually tried to find out why I wasn't talking to them at first but then I guess they got bored of me or something. Lost all social skills. Almost failed school, because I didn't have the energy to pay attention in class anymore, i was always alone at recess and couldn't talk to anyone. And then one day I completely stopped going to school, there was just no point, I couldn't see why I had to go, i was gonna fail anyway and instead of sitting alone for 7 hours i could at least stay home and play video games or watch tv. So i left school and obviously failed the year , i dont remember(we'll get to that in a bit) why I went again next year but I did but then dropped out again halfway. Then , i really forgot the details but I the psychologist i was seeing at the time decided to put me in a hospital for SEVEN MONTHS. Nobody visited me for the entire duration except my parents who were (I guess legally) obliged to sleep in my room. I did over 14 Electroconvulsive therapy sessions which made me literally forget half my life but- no, i don't notice any positive effect it had on me. That was 2 years ago. Now I'm not even living, I'm just breathing. I've been sitting in my room for as long as I can remember, no friends (and i cant make new ones because I'm socially awkward as shit). Every friend I've made on the internet blocked me a while later, ranging from a few days to months, i even gave one friend a brand new PS4 for free and he still blocked me later. I want to stop living but I dont want to hurt my parents or brother. Other than them i dont think anyone cares about me in this world. Probably if i died only my mom, dad, brother, maybe aunt would show up at my funeral. I never had a gf, never kissed or even touched a girl, as lame as that sounds. I just spend all my days sitting on that goddamn game console and looking at my school friends instagram stories, they're always partying but the only party I ever went to was my class' after-prom after they lied to me and said I couldnt come to the actual prom night because I left school while they allowed people from other schools to come and even younger students, and even during said after prom i just sat in the corner while nobody cared to even talk to me. I might as well be mute i don't think my life would be any different since I'm too shy to talk to anyone let alone make eye contact. Also I'm ugly and i weigh 120kg right now, while I was one of the top gym students and had rock hard six pack abs at 16. My life is just going downhill day after day and it's not gonna get any better, please don't imply otherwise. I'm never gonna graduate because I never studied in my entire life, I just got good grades without studying at home but i dont think i can do that anymore. And even if i did graduate i cant get a job without actually talking to people. Which i cant do. I dont know what to type anymore, im on the end of my line, i can answer questions anyone might ask but i dont think anyone can help me