I'm ending it tonight.I can't talk to anyone anymore. Not my best friend, no one. It's hard to say things out loud, the things that make you wake up screaming in the middle of the night, the things that leave you empty.
 Maybe it'd be easier typing it? I need someone to hear me, to listen; and not scold me and tell me how selfish, or stupid I am for cutting and purging when I eat. For someone to just listen, or in your case, read.
 When I was a little girl I idolized my mother. She's the "perfect woman" skinny, pretty, blonde. I was always a chubby kid and she'd call me disgusting, a pig, and make me cry for days when jeans didn't fit or if I went up a size and it started when I was ten. Now I hear her voice every time I eat or look in a mirror. I think "you're such a pig. How can anyone even stand to look at you?".  My mom slaps me across the face sometimes, and is always screaming. 
 She hates that I'm not Christian, and told me I'm going to hell and I'm not allowed to poison my brother and sister's mind against her. 
 My dad is the same way. Only he calls me a slut and a whore because he found out about an ex boyfriend sexually abused me. He thought that I wanted it and instead of therapy, he just looks at me with shame. He never calls anymore, and whenever i see him all he does is yell on and on about how i'm a huge disappointment.
 My step dad (before him and my mom divorced.) used to throw me against the wall and shake me/pull my hair.
 Recently I've had friends leave me because they feel like I'm not "real" with them, because it's so hard to tell them why I'm like the way I am. I've tried telling them that it's hard for me to open up.
  My parents are in such an outrage because they found out I was bisexual too, and called me a freak. "You're either gay or straight, and faggots go to hell.". My mom doesn't want to be known as the "mother of a bisexual satanist slut.".
 I'm so tired, reddit. No one cares anymore. I'm a freak. The people who gave me life think I'm a disgrace, my old friends think I'm selfish and won't talk to me, and I sound like a whiny teenager. I just needed to tell someone. I've already written my goodbye letter. So, here's a final goodbye to you. I've always loved you reddit, you were there through every bad time with your funny cat pictures, memes, quotes, and puns. Right now you're my only friend.
 Goodbye.


EDIT: I wasn't really expecting any responses, and you guys gave me a lot to think about. I'm going to take a shower and think long and hard about things, and I won't off myself, at least not tonight.