My StoryMy gf of 9 months broke up with me in July 31. It ended badly because of how she didn’t care enough to wait and already went to the guy she cheated on me with. During the last weeks of June my ex cheated on me with a past fling she had and still had the nerve to call me back and say that she knows she loves me now. She was high of course because she went to the guys birthday and did shrooms. My birthday was a week before his too but she couldn’t go because her grandma didn’t want her going outside with people. Before she did go, she lied about wanting a break to see if she’s into girls and I said that’s fine because I trusted her but it turns out I couldn’t. She made a move on him and he gave her a hickey. After that she called me and told me the whole thing and I was honestly shocked as all hell. What was the point in waiting that long for her if she was just going to cheat on me?

Apparently she didn’t want me to talk to her because I was “making things worse” by just being there. She muted my account on Instagram and blocked my phone number because I had a panic attack from something I saw and decided to spam call her. I know I shouldn’t have but I was just so freaked out about what I could do next. She treated me like dirt for two days and then she had “him” text me  from her account to tell me I need to change into him but now when I see it, it must have been her lying to me about that. She said I needed to be skinny like him, I needed to change my personality, clothes, attitude and the way I talk to be more like him. Her reasoning to this was to see if she didn’t need him by making me more like him. She told me that after changing me. 

Right after that, he got into her account and started harassing me and telling me he wants to fuck my girlfriend (at the time) and starts saying that she’s at his house and that he’s going to do stuff with her because she’s not loyal. Apparently he was drunk and she got mad at him for that but still let him have access to her social media. Somehow she got upset at me because my sibling heard me talking about it to a friend and told her horrible things. 

After that week I asked for a break to see if I can forgive her for everything that she has done. Then she goes to see the guy again breaking my trust again. That’s when she said that she doesn’t know if she should go back with me. She still went to smoke with the fuckboy everyday of the week and I kept getting more and more frustrated because it seemed like she wasn’t thinking about our relationship and already made her mind. 

On Thursday she called me to say we shouldn’t be together. Apparently I caused her stress and anxiety because she had to be careful with what she said to not make me upset but all she would talk about is what her and the guy talked about or did that day. Also she caused me to feel the same to by making me change my whole self for her. I apparently apologized so much and she didn’t trust me because of my tiny lies like if I say I ate when I didn’t or if I said I wasn’t on my console and she heard me on it. Lastly I disrespected her friend somehow? She didn’t want to go to into it because I bet she had nothing there but she did point out how he harassed me that night but that doesn’t mean I disrespected him by telling him to stop going after my ex when we were dating right? It seemed like she was pulling at straws at that point. She said she still wanted to be friends if I wanted which meant she didn’t want to be. She blocked me in the morning because I saw how fast she wanted to move on and already had a guy waiting for her. 

Today I stopped trying to see what she how she was doing. I keep fighting that feeling of wanting to kill myself but at night is when I feel the most like I want to off myself. I don’t want to sleep  because I know I think about her so much and she’ll appear in my dreams. I ask others for help and they don’t really know how to. I reached out to a therapist and they still haven’t set an appointment. My friends seem busy half the time and I don’t want them to be more worried about me. I know I have others to keep me here but it doesn’t seem worth living any longer. I’m lost at this. I shouldn’t have relied on her for all of my happiness. I stayed with her because I didn’t want to give up on her. It might have been that I didn’t want to be lonely again or I just didn’t want to lose her because she seemed like the one. I know if did kill myself she wouldn’t care. I don’t want to be here at all. I have no motivation.