The things I have to do, I'm struggling to stay afloat.In March last 2015 I attempted suicide. It didn't happen as my friends who I wrote a goodbye not to called the police and they stopped me. I can recall wishing I had started sooner when I was located and for weeks and months after I thought I had made the wrong choice and I wished I had gone through with it.

As time passed and the doctors tried various types of medication and therapy I started to feel better.

Before my attempt I was on 40mg  citralopram so I couldn't take any more. after the attempt I was swapped to sertraline and I worked my way to the maximum of that too. Two months ago they swapped me to fluoxitan which I have been on once before when I was first diagnosed. I took the whole packet as it seemed logical so I was taken off it. This time I've been watched more and I haven't done that but I feel worse than ever. More miserable than I have in months I sit crying and howling at home. 

My suicidal moods were made worse as my manager was bulling me at work mentally and physically. I complained many time and so did others on my behalf but nothing was done I was even called to the managers to be told off a few time for things she claimed I did even though I didn't. she has sex with a number of upper staff members a widely known fact within the office. my job fired me when I couldn't come back to work. and that was in October 2015

This is where my life gets really pathetic, in order to continue to pay bills and for my car, insurance, etc etc without a job I've had to escort. In the beginning I thought maybe it would be fun. I hate it. I dread it. but I have no other option. my three credit cards are maxed out one over its amount. o need my car to get me to and from the doctors and my clients so u can't give it up. 

When I first ended up with no job I got rid of every single luxury. no more gym, lottery, subscriptions, saving plans, I went to a lower phone bill. I have done everything. my outgoing a are things I need, phone, car insurance, petrol, road tax etc. 

There is no one I can go to for money, my parents are really hard up since my grandfather died and they paid for the funeral. And benefits are £70 a week.
I don't know what to do, but I'm really thinking about how if I didn't messaged my friends or if I had sent them later then this wouldn't be happening now. I made the wrong choice and now I'm paying for it. 

The one thing that is better now is that I don't have to work with that awe full person but everything else is so much worse.

Im lost and I can only see one way out of this. my go won't sign me off to be ready to work as she's not happy with my progress. 

I need to find at least £600 a month and escorting is all I can do. But each time I do it I am more sure I should have died.