I owe you all an update. I'm changing my course in life and my depression is lifting. I want to live.I was suicidal and highly unstable for 6 to 8 months following an unusual layoff. My position was eliminated just 8 months after leaving my parents' house for the first time and had to move back. That destroyed me because it had taken me a year to find that job, I'd only been there for a year, and I have bipolar type II. 

Life was already hard and then my independence, privacy, money, ability to date, sanity, and friends all slowly disappeared as I wen't insane for a few months. I genuinely wanted to die. It took me a year to give up on my previous career (business analytics and strategy) and chose a new direction. This is daunting but also very exciting. 

I'm extremely stressed out over an exam I need to study for to the point of having trouble eating (type A personality and I test well; its all on me if I fuck this up instead of doing great). My two close friends decided they've had enough of my crazy bullshit, so now I have none. A few months ago that would mean a desperate cry for help on this sub. 

Instead, I'm just focusing on trying to see have no friends as an opportunity to expand my horizons and reassess how I treat people. There is a couple at my BDSA group who seem super chill that I always talk with, I should try asking them to chill at some point. I think part of the problem is that I get along better with people who are a little older. 

So yeah, thanks for all the support over the years SW. From when I wanted to die because I was undiagnosed and bipolar five years ago, to what will hopefully be the last suicidal post from me just two months prior to this one. Good luck out there and don't forget that things CAN change. You just have to be relentless and never stop searching for a cocktail of coping mechanisms. If something doesn't work, its okay to be sad, but don't use that as an excuse to give up. Be proud of yourself for trying, and keep going. And never keep doing something just because it *should* work and isn't. That's a dead end too. You just have to keep moving forward and keep trying new solutions. One day at a time. One foot in front of the other.

