A difficult case!I’m not very good at articulating or really feeling emotions. I’m pretty sure I’m not sad though. I don’t cry any more than normal for a guy, and I laugh and I smile and I appreciate the little things in life. I’m an optimist, and I take time out of my day to appreciate the work people around the world have put into the things I enjoy, like my old car or my old computer or my old clothes. It’s really a wonder how people today enjoy such awesome things, and yet they don’t really give a goddamn about ‘em.

I live in an absolutely beautiful place that I’m absolutely grateful to be in, but nobody around me seems to care about it. I really feel fundamentally different from the society around me.

I dropped out of college after I got demotivated by both an advisor fuck-up and a complete lack of financial aid despite straight A’s. I have no desire to make any more money than I currently do. I truly appreciate everything that I currently have, and recognize that not doing so simply leads to desiring better and more fanciful things that really aren’t all that necessary.

Yet, it seems like modern society is all about buying new cars as status symbols, buying large televisions as status symbols, buying fancy houses as status symbols… et cetera. I don’t get it, I really don’t.

I’ve travelled across the US and I have seen everything I’ve wanted to see, and done everything I’ve wanted to do. I’ve experienced true love, I’ve learned a lot about the world around me, and I’ve tasted exceptional food.

The main reason I just don’t feel like going on any longer is because I don’t really have anything to look forward to. I don’t want to do anything else in life, and anything beyond this point would be a form of stasis – just waiting off the inevitable while I keep my body running.

The thought of jumping off a nearby cliff makes me feel happiness and completeness, and I spend most of my days looking forward to the unconsciousness of sleep.

I have to stress that I do not cry or feel sadness when thinking about suicide. I simply feel that I have completed my run in life, I completed my life’s dream before 21, and now have no motivations to carry me forward. Anything from here on, I feel like I’d just be a drain on natural resources and taking away from the younger generation which has just as much a right to life as I do.

So what on Earth should keep me from jumping?
