I wish this was the endI’ve had a dry cough for about a week now. Since it started, my joints have started aching and my chest is starting to hurt when I breathe. I’m fatigued but I can’t tell if that’s from my depression or whatever illness I have, probably both. It’s unlikely to be COVID-19 since I’ve rarely been outside and when I have, I’ve been taking precautions. Anyways, I didn’t come here for a diagnosis.

I always said I’d never actually kill myself because I really can’t and won’t do that to my parents. But as soon as they go, I’d be gone too. Right now, a part of me kind of wishes this was COVID-19 and gets severe enough to end me. I know it’s a terribly insensitive thing to say right now with so many people in the world actually dying from it and I really apologize to anyone I might have offended by saying that. But I just needed to get this off my chest. I’m so tired and I feel so drained, physically and mentally.

Have you ever been forced to run long distance for gym class or something? And when you reach your limit but have to keep going, your body starts to beg you to stop just so you can catch your breath? I feel like my body is begging me to stop right now. I can’t catch my breath; I haven’t been able to for a while now. My motivation and self-esteem are at an all-time low. I can’t remember the last time I truly felt joy in my heart and not this over-whelming sense of doom about life.

I usually think of the last paragraph of Robert Frost’s “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening”:

&gt;The woods are lovely, dark and deep,  
&gt;  
&gt;But I have promises to keep,  
&gt;  
&gt;And miles to go before I sleep,  
&gt;  
&gt;And miles to go before I sleep.

But right now, I can’t help but fantasize about a situation where the choice was taken out of my hands and the relief I’d feel if this was the end. I’m not really sure why I’m posting this on the internet but I definitely can’t go to anyone in my life about this. I think I just needed to get these words out. Thanks in advance to anyone that spends their time reading this.