I guess it’s finally my time to no longer comment on one of these posts, but instead to make one…Not completely ready to take my life or anything. Just need to vent and get advice. 

So, this requires some backstory… I’m a high school student and back in November this girl (I’m a guy) approached me and began talking to me one day. Whatever, not that big of a deal. Anyways a couple weeks later, she talks to me again, couple days after that she talks to me again. It ends up becoming a pretty regular thing. Then on one of our final days, she gives me a plate of cookies. For me, I thought this was for sure a sign that she liked me, but I’m shy so I never really did anything about it. I ended up being able to get her number one day and we continuously chatted on and off during winter break. However post winter break, nothing happened. I still didn’t do anything, and she did nothing either. Well back in February I needed a ride home 2 days in a week, luckily she was able to give me a ride home on one of them, and most would think this is good, I get to talk to her more. Well, for me, that was bad because that weekend was the weekend I intended on asking her out, and if she rejected me there was no way I was going to be comfortable getting a ride. Also while I was walking to her car with her, I overheard her sister behind us talking about how her sister’s dating someone, I assumed I must’ve heard my crush’s sister wrong because I’ve never seen my crush with any dude and acting somewhat romantically. Anyways, the second day that week I asked if she could give me a ride, she said she couldn’t because she was going to have surgery the next day and she needed to do some prep for it. So with that, I didn’t want to ask her out that next weekend, which is now March time, because she was recovering from surgery and all. Then after that I just lost all confidence to ask her out. Well today rolls around and I tell one of my best friends about it all, and about an hour ago, he told me she was in fact dating someone. And now I’m upset, kinda because I got rejected in a sense, but mostly because I read the entire situation wrong and wasted 5 months worth of emotion. And now I’m probably the closest to doing something to myself since Chester Bennington passed away a couple years back