Success is only worth something when it means something to you.Hello to my goodbye.

I'm thinking about committing suicide. Everything I try hits a dead end. Whether it be making friends, finding a partner or something as simple as remembering to make myself eat something all day. I don't remember the last time that I really took time to heal myself from all the trauma I shoulder - all from power play in relationships, all from being the bad guy.

People are taking my weakened state and need for affection and using it to get what they want from me. I'm tired of knowing that I'm being played and falling for it anyways because I want to think that I had a shot.

I have a full scholarship studying a double major at a prestigious school. I don't have to work if I don't feel like it because I'm wealthy. None of that matters to me, though. I met more genuine people through those experiences than I ever have anywhere else, but now I don't even have time to do that anymore; it's just school school school and the little time left is spent in ruin.

My mental state is declining rapidly. Each day, I sink deeper and deeper into alcoholism and continue to lose my battle with depression. I'm ready to stop fighting. I'm sorry. I just can't wake up to the same notion that tomorrow will be more of the same. That I'm living a life that I find so pathetic, it's worth ending. Even my good days are shadowed by the weight of tomorrow, bathed in overthinking and darkness.

The only thing that seems to be stopping me is the hope that something will change, but never for long and never, ultimately, for the better. I post here so that there may be a record of my intentions. I don't wish to hurt anyone with what I aim to do, but I can't imagine that they'd care. I've been told to keep all this to myself before, people have left because I needed help. I tried to make them see how I felt and they refused - I can't keep myself alive just so that they don't have to face the consequences.

I don't wish to inform anyone I actually know, I don't think these feelings could have been avoided. It's not a blame game, only I'm responsible for what I might do to myself. They would want to stop me for the principle of the matter - that I'm sinning, that I'm not supposed to feel this way, that I should've just been a happy person and none of this would have happened to me. They will blame me no matter what I say and I blame myself.

I'll miss you all. You've been good friends to me. - Kebe/Thorn