Struggling to keep going, literally only for family and cowardice.Came from a very privileged background, despite endless divorces in my family. Didn't really want for anything, went to private schools. I was even pretty popular, especially in high school despite not being athletic or "cool." People just tend to like me, or used to. 

College was fun but I was so sheltered I wasn't prepared. Lots and lots of drinking and drugs. Fast forward and I didn't graduate, just a semester or so shy. There was some traumatic shit that followed and I've spent the last 8 years in a complete haze. 

Just hitting 30 next week and I can safely say that I've wasted my 20s. The best years of my life gone. Forever. The idea that I have 30-40 more years of life (maybe) is both terrifying and demoralizing to me. I have all but pushed my friends away and I moved away from the vast majority of them to pursue a job I hated. I have a new job now, but its more mindless bullshit at a desk that I couldn't care less about. 

Rationally, I understand that the vast majority of people will end up in careers that they are more or less neutral to, if not outright dislike. My problem is, I have zero goals for my future. Even a week from today. My health is in the absolute shit (almost back up to my fattest, currently 290). I have no concept of my sense of self. Been many years since I've had any sexual stimulation to the point where I don't even jerk it anymore. No savings in the bank. I just don't see the point.

To top it all off, I know that these are 1st world problems. I know I've thrown away my potential, had there been any, and I've scoffed at opportunities. I do not feel that I deserve love and attention and I truly wish I hadn't been born. Can't even take myself out as it would quite literally destroy my family, even though they see me once a year. I've gone to therapy and I don't know what I want out of that either. Gaming, films, music, none of these give me any happiness anymore. They all feel the same and "for those other people." Not sure if that makes sense. 

I don't think I will kill myself, but this slog is getting heavier every fucking day. 