I need to pour my heart outI don't even know where to start. There's a storm of thoughts in my head and it's hard to put them all in a coherent text.

So, I'm a 21 year old guy. And basically, I'm depressed 90% of all the time. I feel ugly, stupid, week and hopeless.

I'm a statistics student and the university is killing me. For all my life I've been considered a nerd and I was used to getting high marks, being liked by the teachers at school and being considered an intelligent kid. I actually never felt happy since my childhood but I was proud of my academic achievements and that gave me at least a little confidence. However, things changed when I got into uni. It's my 3rd year and I constantly feel like I'm not good enough. I'm tired of not understanding things, sitting through 10 hours stydying and still not getting results I want, seeing people who are doing better than me and feeling like I got to the wrong place. I got to the point where I'm afraid to study because I know I will feel stupid and miserable. I've always tried to do the maximum, but now I just want to reach the lowest possible mark that's enough to pass. No matter what I try to do I feel like I'm always about to fail.

My motivation has reached the lowest level. All of the life goals I had a few years ago have been destroyed and I feel like it's a mistake that I'm alive. There's a bit more than one year until I get my degree and I'm scared of what I'm going to do with my life because it feels like I have no knowledge and no talents and no one's going to hire me. There's not a single thing I could be happy about left in my life.

I have no friends and I'm suffering from social anxiety. I've been a shy smart kid since my childhood. I'm highly introverted and I feel scared of communicating with unknown people. There's no one I can talk to besides my mum. I feel like a weirdo and no one needs me. I don't understand people and they don't understand me. I don't have what to say to them and even when I try discussing things it feels like I always think differently than others and I'm always in the minority. Phoning my hairdresser to register to have my haircut is a huge challenge for me, not even mentioning going to institutions where I have to speak to completely unknown people. I have panic attacks because I don't know how to act in unknown situations when I have to go to new places. I couldn't even count the amount of mental breakdowns I have when I travel to another city or country because I feel like my social abilities are worse than those of a 3 year old child.

I had to go to a new city to study and leave my parents' home 3 years ago. That was when things started going downhill for me. Getting used to a new city and new people was a nightmare. I used to cry every single day. Flats are too expensive to rent so I'm living in a dormitory – the worst place for a socially awkward pervert like me. My first roommate was quite good – we weren't friends and we almost didn't speak but there were almost no problems living with him. However, he moved out a year ago and since last September I'm living with a new one who is a disaster. He doesn't clean the room, doesn't respect my privacy, has thousands of friends (I somehow managed to tell him I don't want them in the room). I can't live a normal life when there's a noise around and he just doesn't understand that. He likes playing loud music and even worse – singing along. Even when he's not playing music he somehow manages to irritate me with little things like forgetting to close the door. Neither can I relax nor concentrate to study when he's around. Thank god, he often goes somewhere else and leaves me alone. I live in an ex-Soviet small Eastern European country and the conditions in the dormitory are not as great as you'd expect to see in a normal western country. There's a lack of space and I feel like imprisoned between these walls. I come back to my parents every single weekend to escape this ugly place. I could search for a job place to get money and rent a flat but I'm afraid to change my life because of my anxiety. Also, my studies require a lot of time and effort and I don't think I could manage combining work and studying.

All I enjoy to do is staying home and doing nothing. All the common hobbies most young people have are unfamiliar to me because they often involve going out and being surrounded by people which I hate. My life is like a vicious circle – I'm tired of being lonely and I want to have friends but when I'm surrounded by people I just want to escape and be alone. I just can't connect with people. I hate small talk. I want to discuss politics, environment, the meaning of life, music, but people of my age are just not interested. Even when they are interested they usually have popular opinions and refuse to view things from different angles. That leads to me not being able to be myself because I have to act like I'm 'normal', like everybody else. I have to like parties, I have to like current pop music, I have to prefer summer over winter and etc. Some people probably consider me arrogant because I just can't act things. I tell it how it is and I don't want to be fake and overpolite.

The only person who understands me is my mother. I feel that she loves me and cares about me. She's probably the only reason I haven't committed suicide as I don't want to hurt her. However, I hate my father. He's an alcoholic, he's constantly arguing with my mother. He doesn't understand me and doesn't even try to. He's not intentionally a bad person but he irritates me and I just hate it when he's home.

Besides all that, I hate the way I look. I'm skinny and short and I don't feel manly enough. My skin is pale as I hate going out. I hate my hair, my jawline, my skinny arms and just my whole body in general. My speaking voice is quite high-pitched and when I get nervous from my anxiety it sounds even more feminine than it already does. Stereotypes in society don't make it any easier to accept myself. I want to be a man, not a boy. I've always hated exercising. For me it's just unpleasant and boring. I've tried working out many times to get more muscular but I always end up feeling weak and hopeless and giving up.

As if that wasn't enough, I'm gay. I've realized that quite recently, about a year ago, and it makes me hate myself even more. No one knows that and I don't even know if I'd dare to tell that to anybody. The fact that society in my country is very homophobic would make it even harder. I feel like I'll not only end up being this lonely, unhappy and insecure for the rest of my life, but also a virgin.

I could write a book about all of the problems and stress I'm having but that's enough. Writing this and pouring out these emotions has helped a little bit. Thanks to anyone who is taking their time to read this.