My last nightUpdate: Thanks guys. I'll reply to comments soon. Told the boyfriend how I was doing when we woke up and cuddled. Long story short, doing better this morning so not planning on jumping off a bridge today. I do really appreciate this subreddit and the mods here. Helps to know somebody is listening.

So I'm planning on ending it all tomorrow. Not sure fully how I'm going to go yet. Thinking about jumping off a bridge. Water is cold this time of year so it would be fast. I'd do it tonight but I'm at my boyfriend's house and he's asleep so I can't lock up the house behind me. I'd take his key but he's taking a shift at work tomorrow so I know he'll need the key to lock up behind him. That wouldn't be fair of me. I also refuse to leave my body for him to find in his house which is why I'm not going to just suck it up and end it now.

I mean he'd just think I'm asleep if I did it right. He's already upset at me for sleeping so much. Not my fault that my energy levels have been fucked to hell. Part of that is the nature of depression and I did just start new meds so maybe that has something to do with it. Or maybe I'm just a lazy bastard, who knows really. Maybe if I'd just stay awake I'd see something to keep me alive, I don't honestly know.

I feel empty and hollow. I just want to go do it now. I can't bring myself to wake him. I can't tell him I need him. I need him so bad. I need to feel. I wish I was more wanted. I wish depression wasn't hard. I wish I wasn't so fucked up. I wish my brain would stop.

I tried one of those crisis chat centres. Didn't work. They gave me a hotline to call. Problem is, I have bad social anxiety and I can't talk over a phone without stuttering and making myself incomprehensible. So I can't exactly do it over the phone. I don't know what to do or say anymore. I don't even know why I'm posting this. Guess I should say my final goodbyes or something.

To my boyfriend, you can get through this. There are resources out there for you and at least you'll be off work for a while after this so you'll have the time to get through it and your family will be around. I love you. I just can't deal with my brain any longer. I'm sorry that I'll be breaking my promise. You can call me weak or a liar or whatever. If it helps you to get mad at me, go right ahead. Just do what you need to do. I know I will.

To my brother and sister-in-law, I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry. Sorry, I didn't reach out to you guys. I just don't want to burden you guys anymore than I already have. Your psychs will be able to help you get through it.  At least JL is too young to remember me or understand.

I'm sorry to my nieces and nephews for ending it. You'll get by. You'll have great lives. I'm so so proud of you all. I love you guys.

I'm sorry to the rest of my family. I love you guys I just can't go on.