I've had enough of everythingDiagnosed with depression. Was on 15mg Lexapro since Mar 2019 but I stopped about 6 months ago because I really didn't feel it doing anything and its too expensive. Seeing a psychiatrist who just asks how are you and then prescribes the meds. Tried seeing a different psychiatrist for CBT therapy last July but gave up because the exercises seemed so generic and I had no context to apply it. I mean having to analyze every thought or emotion seemed so exhausting. 

I had a breakdown in Mar 2019 and quit my job and been unemployed since. Spent my days fixing up long overdue DIY projects around the house and trying out home self hosting tech projects. I quit my job because of tremendous stress and crazy expectations of my employer that I should do the tasks of the project team members in order to meet the projects dateline even though I have no expertise in that area whatsoever. I was working as an IT PM. That was my 3rd job in 8 years with 1 year gaps in between. 

2 months ago started another attempt at CBT therapy, this time I told the doctor I need help to get me starting to look for a job. Prior to this, every time I looked at job listings - I start to feel that every skill required is something that I'm not good at. My last job has made me lose all my confidence in myself. 

Therapy started OK - got myself a couple of interviews but none of them came back with positive news. One even went silent after promising (unprompted) that he will revert in a week regardless of yes/no decision. 

The wife has been somewhat supportive through all but I'm not getting the emotional support I need, she doesn't hug or hold me even after the few times that I find myself able to open up about how I feel and we haven't had sex in months. 

And today I got into a shouting match with some youngsters at a local cafe in my building because they were being loud and smoking at the table. It is illegal to smoke at restaurants here. Another older patron started shouting at us to quiet down. Turns out he was also smoking. How can people be so inconsiderate to others and respect basic decency even when it's a law. 

A few days before that, I got worked up while playing Don't Starve Together with my wife because I keep ended up dying trying to get us ready for winter while she kept just going around doing nothing. I started to feel it was reflecting how it was at work - teammates don't do what they're supposed to do and I end up doing it myself to my detriment. 

I've come to realize that this is a pattern all my life. My decisions and actions are always taken into account of other people priorities and concern so that we can achieve a win-win outcome. But the reality is always I somehow end up losing - both at work or in my personal life. 

I don't think I can rejoin the workforce. I don't think I'm cut out for this world. Every thing I do I try to be considerate and be a team player but every time it ends up with me at the losing end. 

If I can't even make it in a fucking game with my wife then I'm better off not being in this world.