Life feels utterly meaningless and fruitless, I've lost the energyI spend every day exhausted and in both physical and emotional pain.  I don't feel well.  I never do.  I'm always feeling sick and unhealthy.

I hate my job with a burning passion, and every person I work with save for maybe one is an asshole who piles their stupid bullshit up on me constantly and everyone treats me as the company scapegoat whenever the stack falls or something well outside my job description isn't absolutely perfect.  They hired me for one thing, and made me an errand boy instead.  I can't even take a sick day without them piling work up on me and bitching at me for any little thing they can think of.  This is the only fucking job I've ever had where people were this awful and devoid of humanity.  I've worked my fucking ass off and it still isn't good enough.  Now I just kind of want them to fire me, but I don't know what I'd do if they did.  Unfortunately there are no other jobs available to me out there, and I'm stuck to looking for work in my (mostly unemployed and barren) city as I had to sell my car and can no longer travel outside the city for work.

I'm ugly as fuck and transgender to boot.  Nobody wants to fucking look at me or be around me.  I can't figure out what i'm supposed to fucking do with myself and go on and off my hormone treatments sporadically, one minute feeling fine with this thing and the next regretting ever starting it.  

The idea of even walking down the street anymore is disgusting to me.  I have absolutely no energy to do so or to go anywhere or to do anything.  I haven't bought groceries in months because going to the store just seems like too much effort and expense and no real return.  This is stupid because I end up just ordering all my meals as delivery or finally forcing myself to a convenience store for a sandwich.

Absolutely nothing interests or surprises me anymore.  Everything looks dull, feels boring.  I have no motivation to do anything at all.  I play video games out of habit to kill time but not because I even like them anymore.  Otherwise I end up watching movies, which at best just make me feel like shit because they remind me of a time when I wasn't such a useless piece of fuck.

The only relationships I've ever had have been abusive in some way or another.  I don't attract healthy people, on the once in a life time occasions someone finds themselves attracted enough to me to even respond to anything I may say to them.  Even people who seek me out appear to be completely uninterested in talking after initiating a conversation.

I have sleep apnea of which I have no treatment for, which keeps me from ever getting any real sleep.  I can't remember the last time I woke up feeling like I've had any rest at all.

I have no sense for any basic shit like even fashion.  I seem to be incapable of finding any clothing or hair cuts that fits me and makes me look even remotely good, and anything I do end up buying seems to just fall apart within a few weeks no matter how well I take care of shit.  Everything I do seems to just fucking fall apart despite my best efforts.

I worked my ass off to put myself through college and all it got me was a useless degree that my school used to extort more and more money out of me, constantly changing my graduation requirements and pushing me back to graduating way too fucking late and with little to show for it but massive debt.

All I feel is disgust and hatred for people and things anymore.  When I try to reconnect with the world I'm just greeted to our government committing more travesties to the world and making this place an even more impossible place to live and be happy.  I get angry at stupid things very easily now and have broken several items of value that I own in blind rage.

I hate other people, I hate who i am, and what I am.  I hate being this.  I hate feeling this.  I hate looking like this.  I just want it to all fucking stop.  Every day feels worse, and my life appears to have been on a downward slope since birth.  Nothing has ever fucking gone right.  Nothing in my life has ever been normal.  I've never had a real family, I never had real friends, I've always been a target for abuse and hatred and am constantly taken advantage of.  I never got the girl, never went to prom, never went to a dance.  I've never had a life.

Nothing ever works out.  Everything I do fails.

I feel like I'm just a slightly more mobile vegetable on life support waiting for someone to pull the plug.  I thought writing this would help but honestly it's just making me want to fucking do this shit right now before I pussy out again.

**I guess my problems are TL;DR, even here.  Well fuck you too.  I guess I'm not an easy quick read case for some mother fucker who want's to tell suicidal people how great life is so that they can feel like they did a good deed for the day.**