I don't know what to do.I am using a throw away account because my normal Reddit name is the name I use for everything and well I am super embarrassed I feel this way and that my situation is what it is.

So I feel a little about myself is required. I have tumor in my brain that had made me very tall, so tall in fact that my body just hurts all the time. I found a job working from home that Ive actually been able to keep because when I sit the pain's not so bad. Things have been tight for me for a while but at the beginning of the year I found out I had caught a highly contagious infection that had me on quarantine for near 4 months. Thankfully my roommate was able to scrape by during this time and we didn't lose our place. 

I've been out and back to work for a while now but with the short hours the job offers I've not been able to get anything caught up, I've just been scraping by but at least I wasn't under. Cut to about a week ago and I start feeling this shortness of breath and coughing up some stuff that looks a lot like infection. Problem is my insurance has been cancelled and I can't afford to miss work anyway so I just been putting it off.

Yesterday's windstorm destroyed my power supply. I go to Fry's to buy a new one so I can work today and it does fine but my fans aren't working. I figure I'll just shut my PC off and have my budy fix the fans when he's home. I was sitting here bored and decided I'll turn on my plans watch Netflix or a podcast and when I go to turn it on it won't power up.

I figure we'll just go back to Fry's tomorrow and switch it out, but I can't shake the feeling it's something else. Maybe the Mobo, IDK. If it's anything else I have no idea what I'll do. I spent all the money I was gonna spend on groceries on the power supply so I'm already in a shit spot.

My job just recently gave me a written notice after I overslept last Sunday, alarm didn't go off. That was the last allowed attendance issue I was allowed after having missed a fair amount of days after getting out of the hospital.

So now., IDK it is just the world keeps kicking me when I am down, I can't remember the last time I felt up tbh. 2018 was just terrible and now 2019 is looking like I'll lose the only job my shit body can handle.

I am way too disgusted and sad to tell any rl people how I really feel, but taking this gun and putting one in my head is looking like my only option. What do I do