11 medications, therapy, TMS and ketamine. The end is very nearMy conscious is now clear. Treatments have failed me.
I don’t know why I’m still alive to be honest. I’ve been soaking everything in recently, reflecting on my life. 

I’m stuck between a rock and a hard place. The prospect of living like this is not an option but the act of suicide is exhausting mentally and physically and involves a very short intense period of pain. I don’t mean just the act itself but the planning and writing goodbyes etc. I’ve been through it before but didn’t end up going through with the final thing. I was on the edge of a balcony alone and decided I wanted to try and get treated with ketamine.

I know that the end is near. For some weird reason that I can’t explain I can just tell. I’m a lot calmer than the first and only time where suicide was a very real option. The first time I was incredibly emotional, scared and the planning was awful. I cancelled two plans and finally went through with the third. Just before I stated death in the face I was too afraid and wanted to try ketamine treatment.

Now of course my conscious is clear. I feel calmer than before you know. But I know the closer it gets the less calm I will be and the anxiety and fear will be insanely insanely intense. I’ve suffered those emotions before and they are tortuous and horrifying. You have to go through with planning your suicide personally to know how it feels.

Weeks or months I am not sure. One thing I do know is that I will not allow myself to accept this way of living. It’s damaging my brain and mind. I feel like my brain is damaged and my memory and concentration is very very bad. My cognitive abilities have gradually declined the worse my illnesses have got. I feel like I’m slowly dying being tortured. 

I do not know what I’m waiting for but I am not in the right state for suicide right now, even though I’m very ill. You have to be in the right state and it’s unexplainable. You can be in severe severe pain and not be ready for suicide. And then your pain can lessen but you might have the mindset to want to end your life. I don’t know when that right state will come but I am aware it will come. I hope that it’s sooner than later if I’m being honest. My mind, brain, body chemistry and personality is not compatible with this world. Maybe in a different century things would be different.