I'm a pretty weak willed person.I'm sorry, I know it's long.

I guess I'll start off by introducing myself. My name is Tony. I am 24 years old and I am the father of two children, I am married to the mother of my two children. 

Things have been rough for me since our first child was born, in August 2014. I know plenty of people have had kids young and have gone through the tough times, but as the title suggests, I am a very weak willed person. I'm a coward and I'm easily broken. I'm physically weak. My wife counters me in those ways. She's stronger than me, mentally, so to her, everything she does is simple. That's not me. I've tried to be strong but it always turns out to be a facade, not only to my wife but to me as well. I've gotten help. I've had a therapist for the part 3 months. I feel like everything he said to me made sense but for some stupid reason, I never follow through. I'm a quitter, stubborn. I turn tail and run when the going gets tough. Every single one of those aspects has attributed to my depression and constant thoughts of ending it all. Just offing myself. 

My kids are awesome but lately I feel like I've been feeling hate from both of them. Especially my daughter. When I pick her up, she practically screams at me. She has never done before until I started being a little harsh to her when she cries for, literally nothing. Harsh as in yelling and light smacks to the butt. Nothing hard, just enough to let her know what she's doing is unacceptable, she's only 8 months and I just feel hatred from her.

My son, he is two years old. Every time I discipline him for doing something unacceptable, he yells back at me. I know he's a kid and that's what kids do but what bothers me most is that after his discipline he says, "I want mommy." That broke my heart and it made me break down, crying, the first time I heard it, which was yesterday.

But ever since our daughter was born my thoughts of suicide have gotten progressively worse. From thinking of it to trying it. Without success. Mostly pills. Of course I think about how everybody else will take my death. It will hurt them, more than myself as I would be dead and wouldn't have the ability to care. It's a selfish thought. But I feel like I wasn't made to handle everything I'm going through now. Having kids young. Being married young. Having two jobs. Moving to a state I don't want to be at. I used to live in Arizona and loved it there. My wife practically forced me to move to California. I hate it here. That's when things got worse. I felt I had no choice if I still wanted to be with her and our children as she would have left me behind anyway. Most of the conflict is between my wife and I right now. I moved here and I didn't want to. I got a job at an Amazon Fulfillment Center and I didn't want to. We're living with her brother and his girlfriend and I didn't want to because they are the most judgemental and pretentious people ever. We had our share of conflict as well. At one point. Her brother and I almost got into a fight after an argument.

I feel like just doing it so I don't have to go through this anymore....