I've never felt this bad beforeI have no one else to share about this, those who once I considered "Friends" turned out to be just a bunch of people that wanted me around because I had money and listened to them without saying a word; my family don't give a shit about me and I just need to take this out of my chest asap. If you can make me feel like someone's listening, I'd appreciate.   
So, I had a fucked up childhood, some sexual abuse coming from my family, not too good at making friends, poor af, bad at talking to people and I had to watch people fighting and arguing, breaking the house down, yelling while my heart was beating like I was gonna die. I feel like I don't have a voice. My adolescence was not that bad tho, but it was when I started to understand things. My dad was addicted to alcohol, my mom had depression, she is a good person, and we lived in this house since I was 5, but I only understood that they were divorced when I was a teenager. When things start to make sense, it's scarry as hell, I wasn't ready to had all of that shit thrown on me, I was just a little boy, I didn't deserve that childhood, I only wanted to be normal, had parents that told me that they love me.   
Now, I'm almost 20, me and my mom have moved to some places, but I ended up having to get back to the same house that all that shit happened. My mom moved away, tired of seeing my brothers killing themselves, selling drugs, doing drugs, fucking her life up. And now it's me, that old man that had 1000 problems because of alcohol now he's a shitty old son of a bitch that depends on me to take care of him, my brothers that don't get along at all, and my gigantic will for killing myself everyday. I don't have any time for me, I don't have any dreams, I can't eat well, I don't have one single reason to live, and I don't have voice or courage to yell "I DON'T WANNA TAKE CARE OF YOU, YOU ARE NOT MY FATHER, I DON'T DESERVE THIS, PLEASE DIE AND GO TO HELL".

I'm so sorry for dumping all of this in here, but like I said, I don't have anyone to count with.