Fix meIt's always been a case of grass is greener on the other side. I'm so goddamn tired and I'm breaking under my responsibilities.

I turned 17 two weeks ago. I attend university-- I'm a junior. Pre-medicine. And I'm not saying that to brag, because it's nothing to brag about; no one should care. It's just relevant to why I feel this way.

I'm taking three hard science courses (not like psychology): an intro, a 300-level, and a 400-level. So yeah, not easy, and my grades are slipping. My last midterm in the 400-level, I got 15 points below average. This is not me. And the funny thing is, I'm studying harder than I ever have before. My version of social interaction is in study groups. I feel tired and alone. Morning til night, classes, undergrad research, study study study, losing sleep.

Losing sleep. I dorm with two roommates, one of whom was in the same early entrance program as I am, and they can't support me. They don't support me. They kick me out of the room every fucking night (not exaggeration) because I need to stay up and study (frequent all-nighters) when they want to go to sleep. So I wander the floors searching for an open study room. Then sometimes when I have the audacity to take a nap in the early evening, like 7pm, they bitch about how they can't socialize in our room. If my vibrating alarm goes off for too long in the morning, I get lectured (by older roommate), so when I get very little sleep I've taken to sleeping in the fucking study room, head on table, surrounded by notes, so that way I don't bother them. It's pathetic that it's come to this. I feel like I have to ask their permission for everything, like a fucking dog. It's my dorm room too; don't I have a right to it?

So I feel like there's nowhere to go. My grades are sinking, my research project that's going to lead to publication is sucking up my time, I have no social life other than the occasional going out and getting more drunk than I should to try to escape all this and act like I'm someone else...

I feel robbed of my high school life. I've been depressed since I was 14, when I entered college. My freshman and sophomore years, it was so hard to make normal college friends, and the fact that I have a good deal of them now probably means I have decent social skills. But there is no one there for me, and no one I can think of that would want to be because I'm fucked in the head. My stress is eating me alive and the only way out is forward. It's not fair that I have to suffer like this, when I should be worrying about prom and a boyfriend. Not fair that I have to suffer like this, when my humanities roommates coast along because their classes are easy. I have to go this route because there isn't another way.

I thought it was getting better, but two days ago I was playing with a charger cord and wrapped it around my neck and squeezed really hard, before realizing what I was doing and stopped. I don't want to die, but I don't want to live this life.

Yesterday I cried quiet little tears in my dorm room while my roommates fucked around on their laptops. One of them asked me if I was okay. I just cleaned myself up and went to class fifteen minutes later and laughed and talked like everything was okay, but god, I don't know how much longer I can just tell myself that.

Please help me get through this. I am so lost.