To the well meaning/inspirational posters of this sub.This is a repost of a comment I left on one such post for the target audience I've called out in the title.

It's a fine sentiment to inspire solidarity for those with depression. But the problem with this is that the kind of relationships that suicidally depressed people need aren't the ones the VAST majority of people are willing or even capable of giving. 

They're not going to be low maintenance, nor is their ailment readily treatable. They are going to need intensive, full time "treatment", and even then how many people that are willing to give this kind of attention are even going to be capable of giving the assistance necessary? 

I'll say this. Not giving help is better than offering superficial help. Most people can't commit, whether it be because they don't have the strength to shoulder a severely mentally ill person's burdens with them, or that they don't have enough time to give. 

Offering a helping hand and not having it be strong enough to pull the afflicted clearly out of their hell is just going to force them down quicker and deeper down than you can possibly imagine. 

In some cases, there just might not even be a solution. Regardless of how much one invests in helping someone rise up, they might end up committing suicide anyways. 

There's nothing worse than feeling like you've been abandoned. And for the severely ill, it can be something as slight as "I'm busy atm, lets talk later ok?" that sends them over the edge. Because that just confirms their suspicions that they're a nuisance, and that the good people they're acquainted with would be better off without them.

I hope in reading this you understand, if just a little bit better, how unreasonable and all consuming this disease is. It's not something for everyone to trying to help with.

 In doing so, you could just be prolonging, or exacerbating the anguish of the depressed without reaching any kind of resolution.

To sum things up, STOP trying to help half heartedly. If you really want to help, commit and become therapists, psychiatrists, or other such mental health caretakers, or help us with legislation so that we can seek out euthanasia clinics or whatnot so we can die with some dignity instead of having to resort to haphazard means which can easily leave us crippled, but alive. 

Otherwise, just leave dying dogs be. There's no shame in not being willing to take up the burden of helping out the depressed. 

Live a happy life without us and don't worry about it. I'd go so far as to say that most of us wouldn't even resent you for it, and would receive some measure of solace with our parting thoughts to be of our loved ones living untarnished with our deaths, as you've been with our lives, 

We're all responsible for our own lives. Its no fault of yours that some of us can't handle that responsibility.