Are you sure what side of the glass you are on?I haven't slept more than 30 hours a week in nearly ten years now. The only solution I have not tried is prescription sleep meds, and that is a choice I have made. My little brother committed suicide and left a 20 page letter explaining how much he hates me for always fighting with my parents growing up and how much it fucked him up. My parents got divorced when I was six. My dad always felt alone after that and took it out on me, beating me from 6 to 18. My older brother hasn't spoken to me since my little brother passed. I have never told any of this to anyone. I lie constantly about why I don't sleep, but the guilt eats me alive every single night. The exhaustion of sleep deprivation makes falling asleep easy, but I never sleep more than a few hours before I wake up again. 

I was 17 he was 15. I got a phone call from a kid in the UK, someone he'd met online. He told me my brother was going to kill himself, so I drove home way over the speed limit only to find I was a few minutes too late. Nobody else was there except for me, to hold him as he took his last breaths. The look on his face will haunt me for the rest of my life. Telling people will never change how I feel. I understand that it wasn't my fault but understanding does not make me feel any different. I went to therapy briefly but found the skills they were telling me would help only pushed me farther from the few people I felt peace with. 

I have a steady job and I scuba dive almost every weekend. I even go to Mexico twice a year to dive in the caves there. Something about the quiet and floating sensation helps me feel calm. I never went to college. I have a complete inability to make decisions for myself. I live a lie every single day, the facade I use to keep people from truly knowing me. 

I remember the first time I thought about killing myself. It was just before my seventh birthday, after another beating. I didn't understand why my dad only took things out on me. I hated seeing him so angry, screaming and yelling, NEEDING to hit me in order to calm down. He never behaved that way towards them, only me. I thought it was my fault, that there was something wrong with me that always made him so angry. I used to go up to my room after my dad was finished and punch myself in the face over and over to punish myself for making my dad so angry.

I am not suicidal, that is a decision I could never make. I yearn for the day when this finally ends, though. Every time I go diving I imagine all the possible accidents that could so easily free me from all of this. Every single day I fantasize about all the random things that could put an end to this special hell. I got hit by a car sometime in the past year. I remember the shock as I hit the ground. Not shock from the accident, shock that the first emotion I remember feeling was disappointment that I would live. I have lived for nearly 20 years for no other reason than to not hurt the people who care about me. The facade is exhausting. The guilt is crippling. I am doing absolutely nothing with my life, and I couldn't care less. I just want it to be over.