ironic will (this is a little stream of consciousness but i can't really formulate my thoughts into a clear cry for help/soliloquy right now. i'm sorry.)i think it is my will, at least. my weak willpower will be the death of me. even now, instead of doing something productive, i'm wasting time typing up a post about my desire to kill myself because of my lacking willpower. this "waste of time" pertains only to me, as i consider anyone's plight stronger and more bitter than mine. 

i don't know how other people do it, how others manage to overpower their drive to be lazy. i look for help, but the only one that can help me is myself. the very fact that i want to end it all because of something everyone, in one way or another, has dealt with fills me with guilt and it's a vicious cycle. the more guilty i feel, the worse i feel, the more i want to die, but i never actually get around to it because, ironically, the lack of my metaphorical "backbone" stops me from carrying out that final verdict. which, you guessed it, makes me guiltier. because i can't even do this.

do i even want to end it? i don't know. sometimes i feel better, and i try to live for it, but sooner or later i descend down into that hollow, very much neutral space where i don't feel anything, where i'm discouraged to even act responsible. i go days without eating at times, and yet i sometimes find meager happiness in washing dishes or cooking from recipes.

 it's been two years of this, now. i used to think it's because my ex stopped loving me and forced me to leave her (out of pride, i couldn't cling onto her while she treated me like a puppy that she couldn't outright abandon), but now i do not feel anything in her regard. in fact, i wish her all the best, as i do to almost every person, even though i was very angry before. after that separation, though, i stopped feeling. i can't fall in love anymore, which is something i've noticed this year. i have a friend to whom i would reluctantly tell my feelings or, rather the lack thereof, at times and she would always tell me that "it gets better". it doesn't. not for me. she doesn't know that i actually have thought about suicide for the past 6 months. i can't find a reason to live on except for all these friends that would be destroyed over my choice to disappear. my parents, too. nobody knows about this. 

sometimes, i lay awake at night for hours, re-playing random scenarios of embarassing/awkward things that happened to me with my acquaintances and cringing audibly, trying to forget it. i don't know if this is social anxiety, because i actually manage to socialize pretty well, but it happens every other day.

i'm 21 and i'm studying or, should be studying, in university. i'd have a lot more to say but honestly i don't want to bother the reader more than needed. i think what i wrote here is the simple gist of it. i'm thinking of getting ready in earnest, to commit suicide sometime soon. possibly next week. god i can't believe i would want to die, out of all people. had everything served to me on a silver platter and i refused it. 

(i don't know if i infringed any rules in this post, but if i did, sorry, and i'll edit it out or delete the post outright)