IdkEverything hurts and no one knows the extent of it. I don’t want to be here anymore; I can’t see myself going anywhere in life, it’s all too hard for me. I have no motivation to be here anymore. I don’t want to get up in the morning, I don’t want to go to school, I don’t want to keep pretending that I’m okay while I listen to everybody else’s problems and try to help them, I don’t want to keep hiding how I feel and crying and worrying and feeling like shit for feeling this way, I don’t want to keep being a sad little piece of shit who’s far too dependent on the people around her, who can’t even go to the supermarket sometimes without having a panic attack. I’m sick of dragging him down with me, the one person I rly care about and he’s forced to deal with me and my anxious breakdowns and depressive episodes and self harm and self loathing and I hate that he has to deal with me. Sometimes I wish I didn’t love him so much or that I hadn’t met him at all so then I could die in peace and not feel guilty for leaving him when I know he needs me as much as I need him; when I know that if I went he’d be next because the same way that he’s keeping me here: I’m keeping him here. I wish he could find other happiness, in someone better than me so I could finally end my life and not have to deal with the way I am anymore. I feel like a waste of everyone’s time and money, a waste of space and oxygen, just a waste of potential. My family expects me to be someone I can’t be anymore. They expect young me who used her gifts and worked hard; who was sporty and smart and creative. Instead they have me now: who’s lack of motivation to live has ruined her gifted mind and body; who barely wants to move or get out of bed. It hurts so much to disappoint them all like this. I feel so useless, so worthless, like the biggest waste of everything that’s gone into my being here. I hate me. I want to die. There’s so much more I want to say that I just can’t put into coherent words, fuck half of this isn’t even coherent. I’m sorry to anyone who wastes their time reading my bullshit.