I think I've used up all my strengthSurvive abusive childhood? Check.

Survive being sent to one of those 'Kidnapped for Christ' types of 'schools'? Check.

Survive being raped, getting an std, miscarrying my boyfriends child because of the rape and have him stop talking to me? Check. 

Survive abusive relationship? Check. 

Survive moving halfway across the country to a place where I know no one and being isolated for months until finally making friends? Check. 

I've endured so much. I've gone to therapy to deal with a crippling anxiety disorder and built myself up to the point where I don't need regular medication anymore, I have great coping mechanisms and can function 'normally' compared to the average populace. I've held a job for years (that I actually like) and have built up a social life which isn't filled with a lot of people I'm close to, but there are a few and I can go out and not be isolated. 

Finally I saved up enough to treat myself. "I've been through so much shit, I deserve something for me." A trip overseas to a country I've always dreamed of visiting, that I have a passion for for it's history and culture. It's been what drove me through so much hardship. My ticket is bought. My itinerary is half booked, the rest being left up to 'adventure'. 

And now, just as I'm supposed to go, I'm hit with 2 double whammies. Someone from an NPO I run falsely filed a trade mark for my NPO... so I've had to retain an attorney. 

"No problem, I will get a loan, I'll be fine."

Checked my credit score. It's plummeted in less than 3 months. Why? My ex had an account with my name on it he never told me about that he let default and go to collections. 

Can't get a loan. 

Finally, after almost 30 years of trying, of fighting, of surviving, and just as I felt I was thriving, that my life would finally be okay, it's knocked back down. I can't afford my trip. My flight tickets won't transfer, nor will my hotels let me cancel without losing my money. And I don't have the money for the rest of the trip.

I can't go. I can't go on the one thing that had given me a promise of a new 'restart' to life. Something that had been my dream and passion, and I'm watching it shatter right before my eyes. 

I hate asking for help. Probably why I'm here instead of talking to friends and people I actually know. I feel like I have no fight left in me. I've used it all up. Yes, I'm sure there is something I could do to 'make it work' by just 'enduring it a little longer'. That's the story of my life. 'It's not the end of the world.' No, because the world will go on just fine without me. But it feels like it's the end of my world. Because every time it feels like I'm getting to the top of my own little hill, I get knocked back down and I have gotten up so many times.

I'm exhausted. Just so, so exhausted. In all of this, the anxiety I've worked so hard to control has crept back up. I can still function and keep it concealed from others. I'm sitting at work writing this without anyone being the wiser. But that anxiety is giving me so much chest pain, I can feel my heart struggling. I have put off going to the ER twice over the last week, now a third time. I can feel that my heart is beating irregularly now and it's getting worse. 

And I just want to lay down and tell my own heart along with my soul "It's okay now. You've been broken for the last time. You don't have to fight anymore. Just stop and rest." 