A story about me..Hey there, I never thought I would post a personal topic about myself, but I just want to get this off my chest. And I hope I can find peace by doing this. Well how do I start? Let’s give it a shot.

I’m a 20 years old boy. Yea if you look at my age you can clearly tell that I haven’t matured, yet :D.
The thing is, for as long as I can remember, I’m suffering depression. Since when? I really can’t tell the age, but I can assure you that I was very, very young for a person who can get depressed at that age. Anyways, let’s move on.

Lately, I’m getting sick alot. By that I mean sick as being really ill and sick as in mentally sick. And when those two mix up, I can surely tell you that  this isn’t a sweet cocktail. 
 I always get headaches, throwing up, passing out, hands those are shaking etc. etc. 
And the mental part? Well uhm. Feeling depressed should say it all, but I’ll clarify it a bit more.

When that mental mood kicks in, I really want nothing. I just cry, wondering why this happens to me, detaching myself from everyone. Everyone as in my family and even my best friend.
(Yea I consider her as my best friend because she feels like home to me and whom I really can rely on. Let’s say she is my little sunshine, hihi :).)
But that’s not the only thing. I act weird in the way as in not being myself, like a total other stranger. Weird isn’t it? I can’t control that and I frequently talk about these kind of stuff with my best friend. Sometimes it really does get things off my chest. 

Anyways, why do I feel like this? Do I have a bad life? No. I always smile, helping other people, doing whats needs to be done. Is it because of my parents or my only friend? No, because I know they love me. My only circle. 

But why do I really feel depressed? If I dig deeper in my own thoughts, I always cried at certain things. I can tell you that I’m a very emotional person who also cares about other people, no matter how they treat me. Even like dogshit. I will cry and wonder why, but ok. That aside.

When I was a child, I saw my friends as an example of how to live a life. Even TV shows! Weird for a little kid, huh? But those examples were a deception for me. Because I had a different life than them, other parents etc etc.

But maybe that’s why, parents. 
The things I’d liked, they took it from me. Of course, I’m not saying I didn’t do fun things, but the fun things didn’t last long. 
I had to do what they say, seems normal yes. But I was forced to go to events what I totally disliked and was in my disbelief. But hey, if I didn’t listen, they would yell the fuck out on me or sometimes, they would beat me. Well, especially my father since I don’t have a great bond with him. 

I always cried and wondered how it was to walk away. Just walk away from my own problems. But would that solve somenthing at that kind of age? No, just no. 
I wanted to call the police, but I did not dare to. Because I cared about my parents and I thought they would get in jail. See I do care hehe. 

Furthermore, have I told you that I have a brother as well? Ah yea, a brother who I really cannot really on. He beat me always, beated me for small things from which I was bleeding. Wasn’t fun, really not fun. 

But these are the things that I distance myself from them at home. Like, I can’t feel that family connection like other people do have, jealous.. 
This is a part of my life that makes me suffer from depression, I just can’t forget it. I suffered it alot. But that’s not the only thing. Because I just hated my life basically. Well, still do. 

I just do not know what I really want. I just giving things quickly up, because I cannot hold on to it. 
Even at that young age, I wanted to die. Yea it was that bad. I came to a point that I wanted to commit suicide. I was done, just done. But has it ever stopped since then? No.. I still got that feeling after all these years that passed by. 

But what about now? Well, a few months ago I was planning to do it, I was so close doing it. But I didn’t for a reason. And I don’t feel sharing that reason. Sounds stupid, sharing these things but that not hahaha. 
In this stage, I just don’t feel happy about my life. I always get emotional, don’t know what to do for my future and bla bla bla. 
Even now I do have suicidal thoughts. Sometimes I just really want to do it. I promised my best friend that I will never talk about that, but woops. Forgive me, well she won’t read this anyway. I hope.


Well getting to the point. This topic seems really messed up. From going 1 thing to the other 😂 Sorry for giving you a headache by reading this. But it’s really late. 

So there am I. Wondering what I am gonna do. Do I take the easiest path? Or the fighting path. I would say fighting path, because never give up. But the way how I feel now, it’s like I’m giving up.. I’m not scared of the easy path but I am for the fighting one. 

Time ticks... Thank you for your time, I really really appreciate your time for reading this.