I attempted suicide 2 days ago, but I still have questionsI attempted suicide on Friday, I hung myself for about 20-30 seconds but gave up and stood back on the stool I stepped off of. I have a giant bruise all around my neck from the rope.

 I am currently self-admitted in a psychiatric hospital near me. The service is excellent and very personal. My family and friends know where I am and that I am safe. I am a 25 year old American with no health insurance I came here literally to save my life.  

The only reason I'm posting here is because I'm really confused about what my psychiatrist is telling me. I think he's trying to imply that marijuana and alcohol is what's causing my suicidal thoughts. It is absolutely more complex than that. I quit alcohol 2 and a half months ago (drank everyday but not copiously) and I am not a chronic weed user (but I tested positive for thc because I foolishly smoked weed 6 hours before admitting myself), maybe once a week I normally smoke, like 4 or 5 times a month. Then I tried to discuss possible medication. He basically gave me the choice and asked me "do you think you need antidepressants?" How the fuck am I supposed to know if I should be prescribed medication? how in the hell am I supposed to know if taking antidepressants will help me or not? I'm not a god damn mental health expert. I thought the doctor is supposed to determine whether or not I need medication. I've had a great experience so far except this psychiatrist, he seems unsympathetic (not that I was necessarilly expecting it) and only felt condescension, and nothing assuring. All his phrasing seemed like he was trying to shame me and not come to understand from my perspective. 

Is this normal? Is this implying that medication might not be necessary but I should definitely seek counseling/therapy? I'm very confused. 

 I want help, I want to set goals,  I have a plan of moving in with my sister and getting back on my feet because I just lost my job and apartment, I have good support surrounding me, I have hobbies and interests, but I also have major depressive disorder with suicidal thoughts/attempts because of prior traumas. I want to take better control of my mental illness. But I need help with taking a pragmatic approach to this.