Every year I feel the same wayEvery year as I get deeper into the school semester, I lose touch with everything that I enjoyed and attended at school. I start the semester feeling pretty good but usually within a few weeks, my mood turns for the worst and I struggle even to feed myself. I slack on assignments, spend more and more time alone, and generally just check out of life. 

I've thought about suicide every day of my life since mid-high school, even if I've feel good or happy, I can't seem to get it out of my head. I've formed hundreds of thousands of plans and how I would organize everything before actually doing it but I think the only reason I haven't done it is that I'm not sure I can bring that level of pain to my friends and family, not at least until I graduate. For some reason, I have a feeling most people will check out after I graduate and I'll lose some friends (which is expected), making it easier to actually do.

Basically, I have an absurd amount of papers and a thesis and projects to do this semester, on top of looking for jobs and getting references and everything that comes with graduating and it's starting to be way too much. My parents and thesis directors expect great things from me (med school, PhD track, etc) but I have a strong feeling who I actually am (unmotivated, unsure, shy, unconfident) is starting to show and they're starting to realize it. It's extremely embarrassing and uncomfortable to look at the growing disappointment of people around you grow, and it begins this spiral of thoughts of no self-worth and destruction of motivation.

A very small part of me thinks that maybe just getting a job and living day to day on a paycheck with good friends and good times would be enough me and I'd be happy (I know I would), but I do know that wouldn't be enough for those around me now. I'm also a homosexual (keeping this more anonymous) which doesn't help anything being from a religious family who would disown me if they found out. Having a significant other to go to for non-judgmental advice or just general intimacy in hard times would be nice, but that's obviously out of the question.

The idea of checking out of life has been the most soothing resource to me in the past 6 years. Nothing has relaxed me more than the option of being able to just stop everything and slip into a darkness, regardless of an afterlife or not. 