My Manifesto - A Conversation with My Only FriendI have deliberated and hesitated upon writing this manifesto for a considerable amount of time; one of the reasons for which that has happened relies on my intrinsic fear and inability to control my irrational part of my mind. Loneliness is a miserable state of being; it damages, corrupts, and desensitize one’s mind. It is a piercing sensation that sometimes becomes unbearable and fills one with irrational anger, and hatred towards oneself, others, and life itself. When one does not have someone to talk to, someone that can provide emotional support both in good and bad times, someone that can treat and value you like a normal human being, someone that can treat you with respect and see beyond a superficial physicality, someone that can make you feel normal, or someone that can make you feel loved and appreciated, it wrecks and shatters one’s heart. Loneliness has ruined my life. I have been socially rejected by every single group that I have attempted to join, I have been ridiculed for my physical appearance, and the only time that someone approached me involved a utilitarian relationship. There are several reasons for which those events might have occurred, but that is something that I will address later on. The main purpose of this manifesto consists of expounding the causes and reasons for which I became the person that I am now. I did not want to become this person, but life and, partly, my own decisions shaped me into this irremediable predicament. Loneliness is not the only topic that I will discuss in this manifesto. I will also touch on a plethora of things that I have always wanted to express, but, as I stated before, fear and an irrational inability to control my mind prevented me from doing it before. This manifesto is written for the only person that has always been there for me. This manifesto is for my only friend, myself.

The most suitable place to start, I consider, is in my early life. I was born in the year ---- in a South American country. My early life could be defined as one of the best periods of my life, I did not have to worry about much. I was surrounded by a loving family, but I was not really aware of the circumstances that would permeate the rest of my life. Even though my family was caring and provided me with unconditional love, I still missed one thing, a father. I have never seen my father, but I know and hope that one day I will meet him. My father was killed two months before my mother gave birth. My country of origin, at the time, was plagued with high-criminality rates, and he was one of the victims. My mother suffered a lot, and, based on numerous of her accounts, she was extremely depressed. I can only imagine being about to give birth and having to attend the funeral of your husband and soon-to-be father, it must be devastating. This might be one of the reasons for which my mind is so weak. I do not know if depression and other mental disorders can be genetically transmitted, but that can be a possibility.

***I will continue the writing of my manifesto in this post and I will update it regularly.