i am slowly losing controli am 24 and have been through some difficult things. not as difficult as some people for sure, but I don't think these things really should get judged by merit. we all have issues that affect us in different ways, i am just slowly losing my ability to either handle, deflect, or internalize mine like i've always been able to do in the past.

i've survived two potentially fatal illnesses in my life, seen the death of two cousins close in age to me rock my family to its core, lived through the regret of breaking the heart of the first person who really loved me enough to be happy with the real me, as well as the subsequent 3.5 year relationship with an emotionally abusive partner who used me to make herself feel better about her own problems and made me feel absolutely worthless nearly 24/7.

i am a business analyst for a prominent company where i usually work very hard to be noticed by the people who could potentially help me advance, and it seemed to work for a time. in my first 12 months i was promoted twice. however, since then, i've been finding it increasingly difficult to be engaged in my work and it's suffered as a result. i'm worried that i'm going to be fired soon. i'm worried because i don't have a college degree and i won't be able to afford my wasted student loan payments &amp; car payments &amp; insurance payments. i have two parking tickets i can't afford to pay as well as a bill from a medical procedure.

i can't afford to pay them because i put a lot of money into a professionally recorded album that i'm about 50% done with. i've been a music lover all my life and about 8 years ago started writing music of my own. i believe i've gotten quite good at it and also sing pretty well, but i'm now putting a lot of time and effort into making something out of it and my family, friends, and possibly current significant other are starting to get frustrated by it and it's starting to feel less and less exciting.

no one has ever been as excited about my music as I had hoped they would be and i'm beginning to accept the fact that i'm probably not good enough for anything real to come of it and that i should just give up.

the thought of that makes me extremely upset.

most of my thoughts are consumed with some sad memory or upsetting idea about something that is happening/happened recently. i can't help but notice the absolute worst in every situation, though I do a decent job of disguising that from the people closest to me.

i have a fantastic girlfriend who I don't deserve who is loving and caring and would probably want to genuinely help if i brought all this to her but a: i don't think there's anything she could really do to help and b: i would likely end up just pushing her away

she's really the nicest person i've ever met and if i thought i had the ability to be some sort of successful person i would absolutely ask her to marry me, but that window is closing now and i don't see it becoming a possibility. i project all the bad things my ex did onto her and always assume the worst in every situation even though she has given me to reason to do so. i've hidden this from her so far but have recently begun to lose my grip on that as well.

the TL;DR on all of this is that I'm a 24 year old college drop out with a job that I'm intelligent enough to fake my way through and a talent that is just good enough to give me false hope but not good enough to carry me anywhere. i can't motivate myself to do anything more with my life, every time i think of something new i finish halfway and then quit to try something easier. now i'm just sick of trying.

i tried killing myself by strangulation once but failed. i also tried running into traffic but a friend stopped me. i also tried leaving home to get away from the people i was disappointing but failed. i still live w my parents and have disappointed everyone who has ever cared about me. i'm tired of letting people down and having to try to regain their trust afterwards. i'm tired of forcing myself to waste my potential on a job that really isn't that interesting and certainly doesn't pay that well. i'm tired of getting excited for a new musical endeavor only to watch no one else be as interested as I am. but mostly, i'm just tired of hurting all the time, and want it to end.

i don't know how, i don't know when, but sometime in the near future i wouldn't mind at all if everything just went black. i plan to take a lot of opiates to try to make things feel better in the meantime, but eventually i'm sure i'll get tired of the effort of trying to seem happy and take too many or cut myself or jump off of something.