This was supposed to be the best week of my lifeIt took me up until my senior year of high school to find people I would call friends, with the exception of two I knew growing up who would later ditch and leave me to join their own. Problem is, they live 2,300 miles away from me after my parents decided to move accross the country right after I graduated. 

For the past two years, the entirety of my social life was me and them playing a game called Dota 2 online and over Skype. But it has always been our dream to go to the 18.1 million dollar championships of this game in Seattle, and here we are. My friends drove all of the way from those island to Utah and then to Seattle to see me and to witnesses this amazing experience.

This is supposed to be the happiest week of my life, but all that's on my mind is killing myself when I get home.

Up until my senior year, everyone that I have ever met wanted nothing more than to hate me and tear me to pieces. I've had soup dumped on me, pictures taken just to laugh at my reaction,and shoved so hard I broke a bathroom stall.

And then the only two friends I had joined the bullies and left me alone.

One of the only things that kept me going was some kind of superiority complex. For some reason, I convinced myself to be at least smarter than everyone else that hurt me. I taught myself that I at least had a higher intelligence than average.

But this trip has proven to be the complete opposite.

I've spent the 2,600 hours over the past 3 years learning to play this game, the only social thing I had, with the intention of being the best I can . although we started at the same level, my friends are now a lot better than me, and they have played even less time than myself. I don't know anything and my opinions are always invalid. And coming here to Seattle just enforced that.

Being told I'm wrong is something I have gotten used too. I have decided ADHD and often my behavior is complete trash and annoying, and everyone around me, especially my immediate family, is constantly micromanaging my actions and telling me I'm annoying.

Every single person I have ever met has found me annoying. I'm not smart, I'm constantly being told everything I say or do is wrong, every opinion I have is invalid. 

I'm supposed to be registered for college classes by the next week, but I have desire to be there. All I've ever done is fail at everything I've ever tried to do. If I were to disappear, the only people that would even bother to go to my funeral would be my immediate family, and staying alive for people that constantly call me a failure is no longer worth it.

The only purpose or ability I have to offer humanity is to be a punching bag for them to let out their stress. Now, I do care for my Rhode island friends, but after we all go home I will be left alone again with nothing. No real connections.

I have nothing to offer, I have no drive to do anything, all inhave ever done was fail at the things I've tried my hardest to succeed in
 Everytime I speak my mouth I am met with negative feedback or with disagreement.

The only thing I have ever done was be wrong and fail. There is nobody or reason for me to stay alive for. I am the essence of defeat.

They say things got better after college, that was most xefinently a lie.