Suicidal 30 FHad suicidal moments since being in Abdu I’ve relationship. Been really happy - out of anxiety and depression into a good healthy time for a few weeks while my bf has been away helping family in a hard time but kind to me as well. He asked me to visit and just before revealed being in touch with another woman behind my back. Crushed but wanting to be supportive we worked it out and he cut off communication with her - then I visited Sunday. He was really abusive, it shocked me and I had my first true anxiety attack which brought back feelings of suicide but HARD intensely, then he apologized and I left more or less with him saying he was sorry and would go to therapy after his family emergency resolves and he is back. I was scared but grounded myself. That was this weekend, I’m back and now he is calling back being scary and I’m back to feeling suicidal. My therapist is MIA and my boyfriend is relentless. I worked hard to feel strong and on Sunday when I was panicking I told him I felt suicidal in that moment. Afterwards he said I was “threatening suicide” and so he was considering breaking up with me, this after I just moved for him and have been doing so much for him while he’s been away. I didn’t threaten it, I was reaching out so I wouldn’t do it. Now I feel I’m having the very serious bad planning level thoughts and don’t feel safe telling him. So I’m writing here. I’m scared. I’m thinking about hanging myself in the new kitchen with some stuff I have here. I don’t think it would work I’d probably fall. Considering lighting my car on fire while inside it lately, I really just want to go to bed, and know I’m able to be ok but he keeps hurting me and it’s making feeling calm or sleeping very hard. It’s heartbreaking and makes me want to hurt myself. I’m sorry this is depressing but I don’t feel safe telling anyone in my life, they’re all already stressed and I don’t want to be a burden to them. I can’t tell him or he will threaten me, I think I’m really so alone here and I know this is sad af but this is my hope. 