Can't take it. I would like to say this is my first post, but I wrote out a long, tear filled text about 2 weeks ago that never got published because of connection loss when I clicked send and it got deleted. But anyway..

I've basically had enough. My family has gone to shit with one of my brothers being a heroine addict who just abandoned his kid to feed his addiction (the little kid is now living with us). Everyone in my family but my mam are wasteful lazy people who just abuse my mam everyday for more money and stupid little things then they can fuck off. They never help around the house and just expect everything to be done for them, I hate my everyone in my family but my mam, is what I'm try to say. My life is pure shit. Not as in 'I'm poor and about to be homeless with no food' kind of shit, but this is the "most important" year of my life and if I don't do well I've "no chance" of succeeding in the future, according to my dad. I do terribly in school, mainly because when I was younger I was bullied into believing not doing work would be beneficial and now everyone expects me to just about pass and do poorly, like I've always done. I can't deal with that stress anymore. My friends constantly have a go at me about my lifestyle. I'm a vegan, and for some reason that's their excuse to make a million jokes about it and generally be utter dicks about the entire thing. Sometimes they'll go completely out of their way to physically stop me from doing something completely normal and say "no that's not vegan", when it's obvious that it is. I'm explaining it rather dull-ly but hopefully you get the point. I'm sitting here in bed now thinking "What the fuck am I going to do with my life?". Nothing's going for me, or my family. I feel sorry for my mam and she has to do so much work just to feed everyone else's greed and laziness. My dad won't help, oh no. He gets home from work, sits down and expects things to be done for him. He's the most overweight, lazy, ignorant, stubborn person I know and right now I wouldn't min mind if he fucked off out of my life. I want him gone. I feel like my family would be better off without me, Less money to spend, that sort of thing. I'm just in the way. They all think I'm weird because I don't talk to any of them but my mam that much. And I want to turn to them and say "That's because you're the most lazy and annoying people to exist. Start helping mam, then I'll fucking talk to you". But they'll just run off in a mood and I'll get given out to for annoying them. I do as much as I can to stay out of the house or at least away from everyone there. I go to the library to do all my work and studies and I go for walks every now and again just to get away. Before my nephew moved into my room, I spent most of my time there. Nobody would bother me and all would be well, but now I'm kind of forced to converse sometimes. I just don't know what to do. 

If you read through all of that silly, not well written text, thank you. Goodnight, reddit. 