I want outI'm done trying to be happy. I tried consoling, I have been on so many medications I've lost track. I've tried losing weight, exercising. I've tried "talking about it". Hahahha the is the funniest advice, I could "talk about it" until I'm blue in the face, at the end of the day, it won't change anything. I still think about killing myself every day. It seems like I need to come to terms with the fact that I will never be happy.

My family is really tired of trying to help. I don't blame them. For the last couple of years I have just told them that I am doing fine, and the medication is working and that I am "cured". 

Ive pretty much lost control of my life. I have no friends and that's not an exaggeration. I can't remember the last time I talked so someone. I just sleep all day. Today I slept 14 hours. I had a doctor's appointment to refill my medication but I overslept. I arrived 15 minutes late and they wouldn't see me (even though I usually sit in the waiting room for 30 mins anyway). Maybe I'm too cynical but she actually seemed pretty happy about telling me that I missed the appointment. Like somehow getting my medication was a reward and I didn't deserve it. She told me

"It is really important to arrive on time to refill controlled substances. The next opening for an appointment is in a week.'

The doctor told me "There aren't any withdraw effects from this medication so you should be fine for a few days"

After that I went to drop off an application to apply to my major at my college. I was an hour too late. It was closed. Today was the deadline too hahah.

And now you are probably just thinking that I am being emotional because I had a really bad day, and that's why I am going to kill myself, but you're wrong. I don't feel anything. Maybe I am slightly happy because I might finally get the courage and motivation to finally end my life since I can't take my medication.

It's not normal, right? My dreams were basically crushed. I won't get in my major, I will probably have to drop out next year, and it's all because I couldn't wake up at 2:30 PM. I should feel *something* right? Like angry at myself, or sad. I can't even bring myself to cry. It's pretty scary knowing that I literally can't bring myself to care about anything anymore. I guess that is the sign that I need to go. I guess this is my stop. Bye.