Things are coming to a head, and I don't know if I want to stick around for the fireworks.Let me preface this by saying that I've always intended to die by my own hand, that has not changed since I made that resolution and it is unlikely to change anytime soon. The thing is, I decided a while ago that I'd live for a while just to see how much enjoyment I can get out of life and I tried to live in a way that would be nothing but fun and pleasure.  


Along the way, I deviated from my goals and was burdened with responsibility after responsibility, gaining reasons to care about stuff and not having nearly as much fun as I thought I would. In fact, it's been one long chore list that I have to slog through.  


I kept thinking that eventually I'd finish with all the chores and I could just go and have fun after that but I realized my naivety, that life itself is a chore and that I'm particularly uninterested in perpetuating it any further. I hate this. I hate it with a passion that burns so incandescently that you could use it to guide ships into a harbor.  


It's been 5 years since I made that resolution and now I'm really regretting sticking around this long. I suppose I just can't handle being an adult. I suppose I'm simply not cut out for this life and it'd be great for the species if I just shuffled off my mortal coil, as it were.  


So now we come to this, I'm slowly becoming less and less able to afford my own expenses and am increasingly becoming a burden to those I care about. Sure, they'd probably suffer quite a bit of emotional distress from it but I've seen them recover from the deaths of other close family members. They might not, of course, recover... but I can't even take care of my own issues, let alone theirs.  


So I'm considering going the way of Socrates and Robin Williams, Kurt Cobain, and Ernest Hemingway.  I already have plenty of methods and fallbacks. Most without pain and most without conscious action after the first. If one method fails I can plan several linked contingencies that will surely finish me off.  


I suppose I'm here to be talked out of it, or just to vent. I'm honestly not sure anymore. I feel helpless and hopeless, I'm not alone and I'm not exactly afraid, but I anticipating what the future will bring does not provide me any comfort at all and I greatly dislike the very idea of it.  


As far as I can tell, this world is going to hell and I don't wanna be around for the fanfire and fireworks.