Talking doesn't help anymore and im losing hopefirst post on reddit, i hope im putting this in the right place but I just don't know what else to do at this point   


i've been dealing with these horrible thoughts and feelings for years now   
ive seen a therapist before, taken meds, but that went to hell bc my parents were irresponsible and couldn't take me to see my therapist (21 now)   


im a worthless sack of shit and nothing has eased these feelings besides drinking and weed   
but even then , i still feel a pit in my stomach   
at this point i don't even know who i am anymore - it feels like im watching someone else live my life for me. i liked to think that i did everything i could to be a good person but nothing is ever enough   
i talk to people every now and then about how bad i feel , but talking just doesnt help anymore. and no one wants to hear about it   
i cant expect the few friends i have to be my "therapists" , to solve all my problems and to always be there for me. i always knew that, and i'd be selfish and stupid to expect otherwise. but i can't get help. i have nothing.   
only reason im still alive today is because my grandmother was nice enough to let me stay with her, but im sure even she is getting sick of my useless ass taking up space. there's never a moment that goes by where i actually feel content. im stressed out and anxious every single day. my self esteem is pretty much nonexistent  
ive cried every day for the past three weeks and my head constantly feels like its about to fucking explode   


there are still some parts of me that try to hold onto the hope that itll get better and that ill emerge from this a new, better person or something like that but nowadays im starting to believe that less and less  
i dont believe itll get better   
i dont believe anything is worth these feelings and these thoughts  
i just want to die but there's no way i can   
im tired of people telling me that "itll be okay" and that they're there for me because it doesnt make me feel anything   
and i dont want to take them for granted. i just feel like a bottomless pit of need   
im so tired of this shit   
im so tired of hurting every single day. who would want to be like this? who would want to be so fucking pathetic and miserable that they spill their fucking guts on reddit and just make their self look like an absolute edge lord fucking fool for all to see and to judge   
i cant take this shit anymore, and the hives have spread to my thighs   
i was born to a 15 year old who never grew up   
im an idiot who cant take care of herself   
im a useless pile of fucking garbage and my death cant come soon enough   
im so fucking exhausted   
i dont know if ill look on here again   
i just hope i posted this in the right place and wasnt a nuisance at least