[Long] I'm confused about everything and I don't think it's temporaryAs a bit of a backstory, I'm turning 17 soon and I'm a trans girl. I live in South Africa and thus it is pretty difficult for me to get care, and my parents are not supportive. I applied for an internship today with the hope of eventually becoming financially self-supporting so I could leave my abusive environment, but I got turned down because of my race (legal purposes, see BEE).

This comes from quite a long line of things not quite being how they should be in my life - my parents decided to homeschool me on a curriculum for people with learning disabilities, though I have none, and thus I'm almost old enough to move out but I have formal education whatsoever. I've calculated that by completing Cambridge's distance GCSE/AS/A exams, I will finish high school by the time I am 20. If you knew me, you'd know that I'm a very academic person and that I always aspired to finish school at some disturbingly young age.

Anyways, the point. I feel like I have nothing of value to my name and that I'm sucking up money. I had to have a large spinal surgery recently and my parents have started using the bills from that (we have no medical aid) to justify not taking me to a psychologist. I've seen one in the past but they told me that taking HRT after surgery and under 18 is dangerous and illegal, and it turned my parents off the idea quite violently.

I feel like dysphoria has been causing depression in me and it's been worsening greatly. Lately I've not been able to even brush my teeth. I can't produce music anymore because it's frustrating. Computer games make me feel sick, especially when I'm not playing alone. I physically can't put effort into my school and I keep making excuses, and I can't stop myself. I'm so confused about whether I'm just being stupid or not. I cry every time I spend a few moments without overwhelming myself with some other feeling or fantasy or task. Most of my thoughts are suicidal, but I'm too apathetic to attempt. Sometimes my thoughts and senses don't make sense - I fear my depression is developing into further mental illness.

It's been like this constantly for a year now. I'm becoming delusional. Nothing in my life is working out and I don't know anyone in real life to help me escape isolation, nor do I want to because of my disgusting physical form. I want to kill myself but I don't want to risk damaging my brain. I'm so confused. I need someone. I need someone to care about me and tell me that it's okay. But I also need someone to beat me until I bleed to death so I don't have to be scared that things are unfair in my favor. Why do I get to be so pathetic?