I dont go to school no more. No job. No money. No friends. Please help me.Hi Reddit i am new here and i please need to seek someone to talk to me about my serious problem that has been going on in my life that i been dealing with for the past 5 years. I dont want to deal with no mean comments. Currently i am 20 years old and in the year 2015 i dropped out of high school as a sophomore because my frustration with school got the best of me. It was a really stupid idea i understand and i really regret it from the negative outcome and the anxiety it has give me. I am extremely anti social to the point were my mind with the real world is gone and i get really scared with anxiety to step out of my house which is my comfort zone and meet people or even step out to go to stores. I use to work full time labor work which was my first job and it felt amazing to actually go out all day and work but i never went back because i never got called back in. I never have had a real job were i apply and i am scared my anxiety always holds me back to step outside my house. Money is a serious problem with me i always end up wasting it all instead of saving it for something useful in my future. My all day routine is to be on my phone, Tv, eat, shower, and sleep and do the same thing over and over again everyday. I basically only go out somewhere like the nearby stores for only two times a week or just be in my friends house and stay inside there for the weekends for sleepovers. I know i will be judged because im not independent but i just cant help myself no more but tell the world how really serious depressed i am. My family is somehow supportive of me but i know they cant do much for me because i am already grown but they still tend to let me be me on my own. I dont have nothing going on in my life right now guys. I dont have no girl friends or guy friends. I only have one friend who is supportive. I am really scared i will be the same for the next five years till i am 25 and i dont want that. I have no motivation or strengths. I take my vitamins to give me a boost in my life which somehow it helps but i know that i need real medication for my anxiety. I am thinking about applying to Goodwill to finish school and get my GED but my anxiety really turns me over. I get suicide thoughts sometimes and i dont want it to get worse as i am beginning to be in my early 20s. I am scared really scared and alone guys. Hopefully someone has a understanding point 