I doubt anyone will read this but I just need someone to vent toI feel like my entire life has come crashing down. I have anxiety, depression and autism and both my anxiety and autism work together to prevent me from being able to communicate with people so I'm extremely isolated and have lost all my friends as they have all just given up on me at this point. The only friend I have is a guy that i am intensely in love with and have been for a long time, but he has already rejected me a long time ago and has recently got a new girlfriend. I feel like I can't live without this guy, my life is pointless and not worth living without him, it hurts knowing that I would give up my entire life for him and he barely gives me a second thought, it makes me feel worthless and like I'm simply not good enough, I want to spend every minute of my life with him but he's not interested in seeing me at all and only does every so often because he feels bad for me. When I do get to spend time with him, I want every day of my life to be like that but he has other plans with another girl. I cry about him every day because it hurts so much and just feels like I'm being stabbed in the heart over and over again. he's the only reason why I'm even alive right now, but not only does he not need me, he doesn't even want me. In general, I feel like I'm the worst person in the world. I'm ugly, have the worst personality under the sun and that's been confirmed because every friend I've ever had has given up on me. I'm a massive burden to everyone and just so boring and stupid and immature and pathetic and worthless. I seriously can't do a single thing right. I think I'm gonna be alone forever. I cut myself pretty often and since I'm 15 years old right now I still live with my parents and they've caught me doing this before and they just try to make me feel bad about it and put more weight on my shoulders and it hurts that they don't even care to understand. furthermore, I feel so weak and empty and alone, and also trapped, I feel basically trapped in my own skin and I just want to be happy one final time but all my happiness has slipped away and I just miss the times where I didn't have violent mood swings every day and spend every night crying. I feel constantly like I'm about to explode but my social anxiety always stops me from being able to express myself to people. I'm the only person in the world that I have and even I hate myself. as a child I dealt with a lot of bullying and physical abuse and there was a point where I was practically famous in my town because every time I would leave the house I would always have people in large groups of around 20 harass me and yell abuse at me. I didn't even know these people, but everyone seemed to know me. I would be scared to leave the house and every time I came across someone I would be scared that they were going to abuse me because I didn't know who was in on it and who wasn't and it seemed like everyone was against me. I remember one of them saying that he was trying to make me break and in the end kill myself. this has still got me terrified of other people and I feel like everybody is trying to kill me by default and I feel like I just can't associate with other people and even when I try it always goes wrong, but being isolated makes me extremely depressed and I've been alone for so long that it's driving me fucking insane. I don't know what to do anymore, I've left so much shit out and I might do another post on that but I feel like words just can't express how I'm feeling at the moment, everything just fucking sucks