I'm just a burden.I have just been thinking about a lot and stressing a lot, I didn't know where to or how. My friends don't understand nor does my family so if it doesn't bother anyone I'm about to do a big rant... Sorry.

When I was in 6th grade was the first time I was put into a hospital. My dad and I have always fought and one day we got into a huge fight and he dragged me to my doctor because he knew something was wrong with me. I told my doctor how if I went home I was gonna down a bottle of pills. My dad was so supportive and so was my sister, I got put in a ward for a week.

Once I got out I thought everything was going to be better. I was drugged up so much from the hospital I couldn't feel, my family didn't recognize me, but they thought it was for the best. Two days after being out my family let me home alone because I didn't feel good. I tried to kill myself for the first time. If it wasn't for one of my friends telling me if I didn't call 911 they would, I would of bled out. When the police got there I was sobbing and one of them said "Why would you try to kill yourself? You are so young, what could be so bad?". That sticks with me to this day. 

My dad got a call saying he needed to get back home. They wouldn't let him in and he thought that I was dead. When they finally did I sobbed with my arm wrapped up, trying to hug him before I got in the ambulance. I told him I was sorry. He didn't even talk or huge me back, didn't even look at me. After this in the next couple years there were two more suicide attempts and 5 more admissions.

My last suicide attempt was in January. I told my ex that I had swallowed some pills and I was sorry. He told my sister and she woke up my dad at 2 in the morning screaming I swallowed a bunch of pills. My dad screamed at me and called 911. He made me feel the shit the whole time while I just sobbed saying I'm sorry. Lucky, I got to the er and I was fine. My dad wouldn't even look at me or talk to me. Every time he did it was just to remind me how much pain I have caused everyone around me and how selfish I am. How I made him get fired from his job. At that moment I regretted telling anyone that I took those pills.

When I get admitted he only came to see me once and reminded me how much pain I've caused everyone. Once I got out things went back to the way they were, fighting and constantly being degraded by him and my sister. I was I was dead, I feel like a burden to everyone around me. I don't wanna be alive I have ruined everything good in everyones lives. The abuse  I receive from both of them I deserve. I've caused them both so much pain I'm a horrible daughter and sister with my bipolar ass behavior. I don't deserve to live, they don't deserve what I've done to them. 