Wish I didn't have to come back hereHello all,

It's been a few years since I've been here. Things were great for a while or, at least, better. I joined a church after many years of agnosticism after a certain event. It really helped me positively for a while, but the shadow never completely disappeared. It was just a lot more manageable and easier to deal with. It wasn't everyday with suicidal thought, rather I had 3-6 months of depression each year. I also had a good support from one of the new friends in the church. However, this year has been rough balancing out school, work, and family. I lost a lot of sleep due to works I had to complete in time + stress from them. Slowly, was back in the loop. A few months ago (late Jan or Feb), I pointed a full-sized pistol with 45 acp hp into my head slowly applying pressure on the trigger. I stopped and cried like a little bitch afterward. I couldn't do it because of the faces I remembered. My wife, mother, friends, and my cat. Few more months passed since then, while nothing got any better. Last night, I had another moment of pointing the same gun to my head. This time, I didn't really care about what people would say. After all, none of them has been there to help me with this pain. In fact, I see them just taking away what little joy I have left, and they added me burden of this miserable life instead. I am just tired of being sad all the time. I am tired of being angry for a small incident. I am tired of going to bed hoping I never wake up. I am tired of waking up hoping I never did. I am just tired. I couldn't pull the trigger again. Yet this time, I was reminded of this song I wrote and I was recording. I think I want to finish that first, and I think I will have a closure to this world. Sorry for a long post, but I just wanted to rant out before I no longer am. Things are getting out of control. Everything makes me sad and tears just flow down my face. Why have I been chosen to suffer with this pain worse than death itself? I don't know, but I cannot protest to God either since I guess I deserve this. Death calls me to rest every second. I don't know how much longer I will hold on, but I remembered someone once gave me hope here a long time ago. Maybe I will find a strength again, or maybe this will be my goodbye to all.