(Wall of Text Warning) I'm sorry if this rant seems disjointed, but there's stuff I need to get off my chest. I really need to vent.Every day I think about ending my life. Every so often, I tell myself "It's finally time to kill yourself. Just do it. You have nothing to lose anyways." And guess what? I've always been too scared to do it. I never completely realized how scared I was until today. I tried doing it for like the 5th time this month, and I just couldn't bring myself to actually do it. I just sat there, cried, and went to class. You know, something as simple as hurting yourself to the point where you stop breathing shouldn't be this difficult. Its hard to heal from wounds, so wouldn't it be easier to inflict them? I always start trying, but I never even come close to dying. I'm just a pussy.

But, for a guy who's so upset about being alive, I am surprisingly spoiled. I get so many things I don't deserve. Good friends, a good family, food to go in my stomach, clean air to breath, material objects. My family in particular upsets me the most. They love me so much, and if I die it would crush them. Every time I try another suicide attempt I imagine how they'd react, what would happen if they found my body, and everything after that. Whenever this happens, I always just pause and get sad. But they only love me because they have that, its what families are supposed to do, even though I don't deserve there love, respect, or kindness. The fact I'm so spoiled, and selfish just makes me wanna end my life even more. There are some perfectly sweet and more deserving poor people in the world that deserve everything I have for more than me? Why don't they have it? I should be the one starving, I should be the one suffering. I really don't deserve to be happy.

I'm just so tired of being me. I'm tired of being lazy, stupid, making mistakes, being the butt of every joke, being the first world's personal punching bag, always being considered just another teenager addicted to his phone, always being seen as just some dumbass that can't get good grades or make anything out of his life. I'm tired of going insane, constantly thinking about hurting others because of my problems, seeing my morality, my former love for others, and everything that used to be good about me, just deteriorate. I'm so sick of being such a shadow of my former self. If five year old me could see me know, he'd be so disappointed he ends up becoming such a selfish, narcissistic, worthless, meaningless, talentless slob that everyone on the planet has made their doormat and punching bag.

Sorry if this didn't make sense, I was sort of typing this on a whim. Just needed to vent.