The only time I'm happy is when I'm drunk.Last night I was with my two brothers and their friends. My brother older brother Ethan had invited me to my eldest brother Trever's bonfire at his dad's house. I admittedly didn't want to go, I was playing Breath of the Wild while talking to my only two friends, so I really didn't feel like throwing on pants and congregating with people I've never met, but my brother practically begged me to go, so I caved in to make him happy. When I got there it was awkward and made me feel like a black sheep. I felt like I stuck out in a bad way and was spoiling the time for my two brothers. However, once I got some beers in me, I started to loosen up. I didn't get shitfaced, but I was definitely drunk about five beers in (I'm a lightweight, I know.) Once I got to that point, I was smile, laughing like a dumbass, I had become very sociable and charismatic and just joked with everybody and shit. It was a good fucking time. Then I woke up this morning with a slight hangover, and I was still in a decent mood. The more I sobered up, however, the more I started to feel like my normal self; the more I started to feel miserable again. Then it dawned upon me; I can no longer be happy without the help of a substance or some other outward factor. Don't get me wrong, I've been drunk before, so it's not like this is some amazing revelation. I just think it finally sunk in today. I know this can and most likely will lead me down the path of substance abuse or alcoholism at the least. So, what is one to do? Thankfully I'm not the legal drinking age and cannot acquire my own alcohol, but that won't be the case forever. I really need positive change in my life as well as a support system, but I haven't any idea of how to obtain either of those things. I have no motivation, no drive or ambition, no courage or confidence. I'm really at a fork in the road. I don't know what to do anymore. This is really scary to me. Has anybody else experienced this? If so, did you get out of it? I'm just really worried. Thanks for reading this jumbled post and I hope you all have a great day.