There is no kindness. There is no shelter.Obvious throwaway. 

Reddit, I'm sick of this. I just spent 2+ hours trying to write out what I've been going through. I have so much going on. And now I switched the app, and poof. It refreshed for some reason and all of it is gone. I'm so upset.

I wrote too much anyway. I know people would skim. No one needs to hear my life story. But my situation right now isn't something you can just skim and still understand. It's all so complicated, all so connected. I can't focus on the details, it's too long. So I'll focus more on the feelings.

I need help from somebody. But I don't trust anyone in my life. So I'll turn to you guys. I'm at my wits end. I feel worthless. So easy to throw away. Disposable.
I've been suffering so much these past 2 months. I had been suffering before then as well but now it's just one thing after another. It's a domino effect. It never ends. I'm not exaggerating. I'm homeless. I'm young, I'm alone, I have no one to turn to anymore. I'm an 18 yr old girl. People have hurt me in ways I didn't expect. I didn't think was real world. I feel like I'm in a bad soap opera. A novela. I'm not sure where I'm putting myself tonight. I'm sleeping behind my old apartments. It's gotten colder now that it's dark and I didn't prepare. I hope the neighbors don't call the cops. 

As if I haven't been through enough. Haven't endured enough. But there is no rock bottom it seems for me. I keep sinking just when I think I'm about to float. It's been like this too long. I tried to kill myself in April, seeing what lied ahead of me. Even then, the path was neater in my head than it turned out. Things are only worse. So much worse. I regret my friend finding me trying to take the rest of the pills. 

I come from abuse. Every type. Now I escaped my family to be hurt by strangers. Whose help I naturally wouldn't have accepted. But I tried to believe. I was wrong.

Being homeless, I've met demons dressed as angels at first. The worst part is I knew. I knew not to trust. Not to take help. To suffer on my own. Not to be dependent. Because people who help you can have so much power over you. I've realized a lot of people who like to help just like power and control. But I gave the benefit of the doubt. I was a fool. I wish there was a way to just brand these people, right on the forehead so that others knew. So that they couldn't hurt anybody else. So people would have a chance to run. I know I sound crazy. I don't mean to. I'm just destroyed. In shambles. Everything is so cold. This life of mine has been so cold. And after all is fine, no one will understand what I've seen. What I've lived. I will be alone then too.

Now I wasted time, and energy and nothing is better. Things aren't going to get better for a while. Quite a while actually. Especially when you consider that this is a homeless person's perception of time. And the things I've experienced will never leave me. I'm scarred. I don't believe in anyone anymore. I don't believe in people anymore. I've lost so much faith. I'm no longer even being emotional about it. It just is what it is. 

I'm tired. I'm tired. It wasn't just this. There is so much more. Many more problems. I've tried to write for help many times before but there's so much to write I wouldn't follow through. Something else happened today. A terrible thing that I can't stand. I'm furious but powerless. I'm just disgusted. But there's no one to turn to. 

I'm just so sick. I wish I wouldn't hurt people if I killed myself. Cause I would do it in an instant. Because nothing has gotten better. In fact, everything got worse. It didn't just plateau. It got worse. And I knew it. These problems aren't temporary. They'll stay with me for life. Everyday is a battle. This life has been a war. I'm lost. I can't kill myself. I would default on too many obligations and I can't hurt the people who tried to help especially not before I return their investment. But I'm disgusted with the world right now. I know it's all perspective but I don't think I'll be the same again. Something died in me today. I wish I could finish the job and die myself. I want to make it an option. So bad.

Thank you so much for reading this those who did. I really appreciate you. At this point I don't even feel like I deserve people to listen to me. The fact a stranger on the other side of the world would is a kindness I almost feel I shouldn't be shown. Thank you. 