I want to fade out into nothing until no one is left to care whether I'm here or notBy all rights I should be proud of myself. At least that's what my parents tell me. I have a good degree. A well paying job. I worked hard enough in school to graduate early with very little debt thanks to scholarships. I'd like to think my family is proud of me for that. I'm not. I don't think I've ever been more of a miserable wreck in my life.

My fiance left me 4 years into a relationship for another guy a month before I was going to propose. This was a while ago and I'm pretty sure I've been so stressed ever since then that my hair has fallen out. I always thought I was ugly but now I look even worse.

I spend most of my days waiting until I can find an excuse to go to sleep and sleeping in as long as I can so I don't have to think about my own existence. I've turned to the bottle to numb myself throughout the day.

My productivity at work is plummeting. I feel like I don't even deserve to be at this job anymore. I hope they fire me. My social life has plummeted. My circle of friends that I actually talk to has started shrinking. I can go days, a whole week without talking to anybody. I can't talk to women. I tried asking a girl out to coffee, she gave a reluctant yes, and I over thought the whole situation so much that I broke down in a nervous fit and haven't attempted to talk to her since. I lashed out at my immediate family instead of talking to them about how I'm feeling because I don't want them to see. I can feel them distancing from me now. 

Sometimes I wonder if I was a glitch. Maybe I'm not supposed to exist. Maybe there's something so fundamentally wrong with my existence that it needs to be corrected. There was no where in my life that I ever fit. Even in my own family. I always felt like I was never supposed to be there. All of my friends and relationships have been a fluke, and everyone is going to find that out eventually. I want to cut ties with everyone, so much so that when my existence does get corrected no one will know the difference. I guess I'm doing a good job of that because the only person I can tell this to is an anonymous message board.