I really don' t fucking know anymoreNever thought that this would be the place I post this but whatever, fuck it. I don't know where to start so I'll start with today. This morning I woke up to the news that the dog I've grown up with my whole life, has inoperable liver cancer. While that is hard enough for me to cope with, it tears me up inside to see my mother so upset. The dog was closest with her and I makes me feel terrible to see how sad she is. She is also petrified that this is going to make me start cutting again, which makes me extremely sad. I used to cut, but when she found out I stopped because she was heartbroken. I feel so bad for what I've put her through, and now she worries about me everyday. On top of all this shit I've had to deal with school. With this quarantine stuff, teachers have been throwing a shit load of assignments onto google classroom and haven't been saying whether it is optional or not. When I kindly email them asking if it is, I get snotty ass responses like, "if you wouldve read the email I sent out, then you would clearly see, blah blah blah". OK I guess fuck you too! I also can't see any future for myself. The only two " hobbies" I have is music, and wildlife. On one hand, I'm absolutely shit at playing guitar no matter how long I practice ( plus no future career in music really). On the other hand, what fucking career includes working with and helping the remaining wildlife on this earth that hasn't been fucked up? The answer would be Nada. I wish to travel in the future but I know I have a good enough career to even consider that shit. I also just can't live with myself because I can see how shitty of a person I am, yet I can't seem to change myself. I'm a selfish and useless person that rarely accomplishes anything. The meds I've been taking for my anxiety and depression has done nothing for me, and my extreme social anxiety makes therapy a train wreck. It really doesn't help that I have no friends outside of my immediate family, ( this is once again, because of my extreme social anxiety). I would like to take comfort in the fact that I can always off myself, but I can't because I know how badly that would affect my mother. I love my family too much to hurt them like that. My health is another train wreck because on top of anxiety and depression, I don't eat well, and I get random bursts of energy and time without any motivation. It is like one moment I feel like I'm hopped up on every fucking drug in the world ( I don't mean I'm high, I just mean I get extreme energy from nowhere) and the next moment I can barely get off the couch. If anyone actually managed to read through all of my extremely petty problems, props to you. I don't know what I expect from posting here, I guess I just need to vent somewhere.