It’s been 7 years.As of yesterday, it’s been 7 years since I was supposed to die. 7 years since I decided I was done, I wanted to die, I was going to kill myself. 7 years since my parents found me unconscious on the bathroom floor. 7 years since I was taken to the hospital, the staff unsure if they could save me. 7 years ago they saved me. And I’m mad. I’m still very very mad. I’m not just mad, I’m angry, I’m guilty, I’m frustrated, I’m confused. And guess what? I’m still suicidal. I’m supposed to be happy that I survived, that I was given a second chance. You see those reports about people who survived jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge. Those survivors say they regretted it on their way down, that they realized death wasn’t the answer, that they still wanted to live. I don’t regret my suicide attempt. My only regret is that I survived, and I don’t think I can count that as regret because that was out of my control. People always tell you that things will get better. Your life will turn around. You won’t feel this way forever. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. You know what I’ve found? I’ve found that it’s all bullshit. All of it. It’s bullshit. In 7 years I’ve grown a lot, changed a lot, been through a lot. But with all of that, nothing has really changed. I’m still suicidal, every single day. I don’t want to be alive. I feel guilty that I survived and I have no will to live. I have no reason to be around. The world doesn’t need me. It would’ve been better if 7 years ago I was left for dead. Better for me, better for everyone. I’m frustrated that I haven’t gotten any better when people told me that I would. I’ve had breakdown after breakdown for 7 years. I’ve gotten stitches, treated for concussions, been pulled off train tracks. I keep it together while I hallucinate, starve myself, have nightmares, and am just so overwhelmed and afraid. I’m not too bad at hiding it, and for the most part seem like a functional 24 year old. But I’m not. I’m fucked up and I’m crazy and I want nothing more than to be dead. I don’t know what I’m hanging around for. 7 years ago I should have been dead. 7 years later..I still wish I was. 