Hairy Trigger   I’m heavily debating on taking my life, somehow, eventually. I’m a hideous kaiju, I’m in a lot of medical debt, I have no stable connections with anyone but a significant other that’s probably just going to be damaged by my depression and selfishness. I’m a horrible person. The family that loved me is dead and I caused them to suffer. Forgive the disheveled grammatically unsound mess below. I’m pretty drunk and it's pretty long, nut shelling the things that have led to my depressed state proved difficult. I don't expect anyone to read this, that is okay.
 
 
A few bottles of fermented goodness and a resulting one night stand likely led to my creation. The ‘father’ line on my birth certificate is blank. I have never discovered who’s sperm damned the broken, hideous being I am to this existence.. It wasn’t so bad at first. Despite my mother being many depths below financial endowment, thanks to her dependence on the welfare system, my childhood was alright up until I hit 4th grade. 


 My mother had fallen for a low life skumbag who’s skill tree would involve ‘deception’ and ‘thievery’ during my 1st grade era. I suppose our sub-par socioeconomic level and her dwindling self-confidence greatly narrowed her options in the ‘romantic partner’ department. He knocked her up, eventually I had a little sister. As luck with have it, he was under investigation for child molestation charges from a prior relationship. My mom was warned to keep him away from us until the investigation was over, she failed to comply on several occasions. Eventually, we were removed from our home and separated. My sister was placed with a couple, I was sent to a shabby, run-down group home. Never had I spent a night away from my mom.The separation anxiety hit me pretty hard... I cried a good portion of my time there, I was sick, and I could not eat the first week I was there which progressed what ever I was ill with. The other kids hated me and took out their frustrations by both verbally and physically assaulting me. The staff usually turned their heads and allowed it to play out until one day it got law-suitably worse.

 
An older girl (I was eight, she was probably around thirteen) who usually initiated the torment, decided to get a few of her cohorts to pin me down one night. She approached me with a pair of safety scissors and told me she was going to cut my hair. I screamed at her, I don’t remember the dialogue, but she didn’t like it. She grabbed a plastic block from the community toy box, one of those one-humped things, and approached me. She pulled my pants off, I was screaming and thrashing but I was just too weak to do much and of course the staff didn’t hear me. I was completely ignorant of sexual things and my anatomy, I will spare elaboration. It hurt very badly, I told a staff member, I’m not sure what or if anything was done to the girl who did that to me, I was moved in with the babies/toddlers. I was fortunate to only be stuck there for about a month. My grandparents rescued me from that accursed place and had me for about half a year until I was returned to my mother. This crippled my ability to socialize with my peers. Before this incident I was very sociable.. I became a broken, awkward kid who hardly talked..
 

My mom was under the impression she’d never get us back, she drowned those nagging demons with narcotics and booze. She became addicted. She sacrificed bill money, toilet paper, food, and neglected our needs to satisfy her nagging beast. All of my clothes were hand-me-downs, underwear included, from her and my uncle. I generally went with my uncle’s clothes due that they fit me better. My homely appearance led to a lot of harsh physical bullying through my middle school years. I’m quite an eye sore at my best, so, the unflattering clothes was a turd cherry on top of the shit sandwich.. We went to many ‘free food’ events in order to have edible items in the house, and I was encouraged to beg neighbors for things.. Luckily, my grandfather lived right down the road. I invested as much time with him as I could. It was a nice escape. He was everything to me and his presence was always the most comforting. I felt a tinge guilty for leaving my sister there with a usually intoxicated mess.. 


Mid-highschool, my mom and I started to repair our broken relationship. She managed to get herself to take only what was prescribed to her. I was finally spending more time with her than I was else where.. She had a relapse, and I was furious. I lashed out at her, for the first time in my life I breached the mental ‘no-cursing’ wall and called her a selfish bitch. She stumbled back to her room mumbling on about how I no longer needed her, that I could burn in hell. Later that night, I found her passed out on the couch. I shuck her in attempts to wake her up, but she was knocked out from over dosing again. I stood over her and told her how horrible of a mother she was. The next morning, I woke up to find her in the same spot, only this time she wasn’t breathing, she was stiff, and cold like a half-thawed pork loin. I passed out. I contributed to her loss. She was doing good up until that one relapse, I was a stupid teenager that only saw the negative


She was the fifth person I had lost. The previous four being my Great Grandmother (old age related stuff), grandmother (suicide), uncle (drug overdose), and my great aunt (health complications). My grandfather was very close to all the above, even though I saw great pain in his face when he lost them, I had never heard him cry, then he found out my mom passed. It was the most tormented weeping I had ever heard. We hugged each other and wept for what seemed like forever.


 After losing my mom, I focused very hard on my scholastic endeavors and improving myself physically for the military. I did well in high school, was active in quite a few extra curricular things, art club, anything I could do for JROTC, chess club, BETA club, etc. I felt like I could do something with my life, and I wanted to make my grandfather proud. I wanted to pay him back for everything he had done for me by being successful. I tried for the military during my junior year, went through MEPS twice, and then waited. Mid senior year, finally informed I was permanently disqualified for self mutilating (which I did after I lost my mom). The discouragement to do anything with my life hit me pretty hard.. 
 

After high school, I took care of my great uncle who was battling lung cancer. He started to get better and expressed he no longer needed me. He had lived alone for decades, he enjoyed being a recluse. A few months after I moved back in with my grandfather, my uncle passed away.. Rather than go to college, I hooked up with a guy I went to high school with. The poor dude had a hellish background in the foster care system dating back to when he was very young. He had a pretty extensive collection of diagnosed psychological issues, I thought I could help him. The relationship was a mess, I tried to be lenient with his abuse, I felt his behavior was not something he could completely control. He refused to get help, honestly, we could not exactly afford it either.. He did convince me to attend college while he worked. He was a good person underneath the insanity his mind and experiences damned him to.

 
My grandfather could not handle my teen-aged sister any more, she moved in with me and my now ex-boy friend. She had to be my priority, for now she was my responsibility. I made the unfortunate choice of allowing her homeless scum-bag dad to move in with us, this decision further amplified the shittyness of this situation.. My partner hated my sister, he constantly belittled her. Eventually, he threatened to punch her. His threats were usually genuine. Her dad called the cops on him, luckily nothing became of it. He kicked her dad out, and I knew I had to get my sister and I out of that house before something did happen. I did not want my ex-significant other to damage her anymore, and I did not want him to end up in jail. I left him. My grandfather helped me rent out a place in the slums. I trekked 4 miles to and from work, every now and again I’d get lucky enough to work hours that allowed me to at least catch a bus to work, or catch a ride from a co-worker. 
 

Quite a few people mistook me for a prostitute when I was going to or from work.. A couple of times I accepted rides to work because I was running late (quite literally in some cases). The first time it was a scraggly older white guy who kept insisting he was a ‘good guy’ and wouldn’t do anything. He decided to snake his hand on my thigh, I told him I was uncomfortable and wanted out. After I pleaded and made up excuses, he finally stopped and let me escape his car. The second time, the vehicle that stopped held a very close resemblance to one of my Criminal Justice professor’s, so, I approached it. It was not my professor, but a very well dressed black grandfatherly man. He appeared trust worthy, and was driving a very nice truck, I assumed he was genuinely being nice. The first red flag popped up when he passed my place of employment. I panicked a little bit and told him he was going the wrong way. He turned around thankfully. He parked towards the back of the parking lot. He then propositioned me, talked about paying me $600 for certain things. It was hard not to buffer on such an offer. He then proceeded to touch my crotch without my consent. I froze, I never thought I’d react in such a way, I always thought I’d be a bad ass and falcon punch anyone who did such a thing to me, but, I didn’t. I was scared. I told him I was running late. I hated myself for being so weak, for being a prey item, for not defending myself. I did not take him up on his offer of course. He popped up at my place of employment a few times, I hid in the back whenever I saw him.


My sister’s dad had moved in with me again, and naturally, my sister chose him over me. She stopped listening to me, constantly lied about everything, and was just very difficult to deal with. I gave up on her. I hated going back to that decrepit mill house. A few nights, I’d just sleep in the park near my job because I had no motivation to make the walk home. 


Life then got better tenfold. I graduated a tech college with my associate’s degree in Criminal Justice, my grandfather was very happy with my progress. I reconnected with an old co-worker who had moved down state, he’s now my fiance. I eventually moved in with him, snagged a job working at a detention center, and was far happier than I had ever been in my adult life. I didn’t much care for my job, I hated being a few hours away from my grandfather. I did talk to him every day. He was incredibly proud of my accomplishments, I had succeeded in my life goal. He talked about me all the time, to everyone apparently. And then it got bad again. 
 

My sister told me no one could get in contact with my grandfather, someone from his church had contacted her and told her he had been very sick for a while and had not showed up one day, which was very odd for him. I called him repeatedly until finally his weak voice answered. He was rushed to the hospital.
 

My grandfather did not serve the common social construct of grandparent, he selflessly forfeited that position when I lost my mom. He became absolutely everything to me.. When I took leave from my job, I was hung up on the idea I was here to help him recover. I thought we were going to spend long needed time with each other and he was going to get better. I never once thought there was a chance he wouldn’t make it, even though the medical professionals told me the probability was not optimistic. He did well in rehab, however, he was put back in the hospital and ended up regressing. He wanted to come home and me being here allowed him to take that option. He wanted to leave the hospital despite it being ‘against medical advice’, they wouldn’t give him anything to help with his condition if he did so.

 
Hospice was the only option for him to go home with what he needed, and he took it. I don’t think he fully understood what Hospice was about, I didn’t either. I’ve dealt with Hospice before when I was taking care of my great uncle, they seemed very helpful/did everything in regards to care and my uncle did get better for awhile.. I wasn’t aware that it was essentially a slow euthanasia.. Immediately after I got my grandfather home, I sickeningly realized his condition was far worse than what I thought. I had to essentially carry him inside.. He could not physically do anything at all, and hospice did far less than I thought they would. Most of the care fell to me, I had no idea what I was doing, no one would help me. Hospice provided the equipment, electronic bed, a nurse’s aid came out every other day to bathe him, and a nurse every so often to check on his medication supply, that was the extent hospice helped.. My uncle (who had scarcely been in his life for the last decade) only visited under the guise it was ‘too hard’ for him to see his dad in such a meek state to help out any further, while I was literally going insane watching the only person who was always there for me, my stone, crumble, and suffer because I did not know what I was doing. My sister would stay with me a day or so out of the week if I was lucky. No one would help me beyond that, I literally begged, because I knew I could not mentally handle it. 


I tried to convince him to get out of hospice and go back to the hospital, I did not want him to be morphined to death at Hospice, which would have been far better for him, I was selfish. He wasn’t a corpse yet and I was going to do all I could to bring him back. We had to talk to the social worker before pulling him out of hospice, it just so happened his preacher showed up when she was there. His mind had started to go, despite him and I agreeing on returning to the hospital, he was confused. I attempted to explain it to him again, and of course the fucking preacher chimed in with, ‘You’re either going to die here, or die at the hospital’, and of course, my grandfather listened to him and said he wanted to stay at his house. I lost it, I wanted to punch the preacher in his condescending face, I redirected the rage on myself and pulled chunks of my hair out. I couldn’t function or breathe for a minute, I think I had a panic attack or something. 


My sadistic mind could not have birthed a worse nightmare. I knew I couldn’t handle it, but my grandfather wanted to stay in his home, so I sucked it up and refused to let him go to the Hospice facility. Luckily the neighbor came over, she sat with me till I calmed down a bit, she’s an incredible, selfless lady.. The next few days proved horrible. He had a very bad UTI which contributed to his mental deterioration, I kept him clean but it didn’t seem to help. Hospice was informed multiple times, but didn’t do anything about it. His mind was going fast, he hallucinated a lot, thought he was being tortured, said some very damaging things (I know he wasn’t in his right mind), and called my name. Continuously. He never slept, neither did I. I became snappy, I was having a very hard time holding it together, I hate myself for that. He’d throw stuff, knock things down, and then he’d be himself, just for a second, and apologize in the most melancholy way.
 

Eventually, I just couldn’t do it anymore, and his mind had all but completely gone. I got him out of hospice (my uncle had power of attorney, so I had to wait for him to sign papers), and finally got him back to the hospital. By then, there was nothing they could really do for him. He was himself one last time there, and then he was gone. Just a body barely holding to life, he was so bad off they could not transport him to hospice. He suffered horribly, and I contributed to it by being selfish and willingly ignorant.
     

My sister’s dad had ‘disowned’ her a few months prior and she was living with a friend of mine, I knew she’d be alone here if I stayed in the lower part of the state. I decided against my better judgment, I quit my job and moved back to be here for her with my fiancee, into the place I took care of my grandfather.. She got into a dispute with my friend and moved in with me, which is what I wanted anyways. Not the dispute of course, but, I needed her. Of course, despite what I’ve told her she’s always gone, lies compulsively to me about a lot of things, and does not help with anything at all. She’s been this way towards me the other times she’s lived with me, I was naive enough to think she’d be different in light of the circumstances. 
   

I try to keep an open mind, I know this has hurt her too and she has been through a lot. I can’t help but to be bitter, towards everyone I thought would have been there for me. I know it’s immature, I would not have let myself feel this way before, but now I have nothing really, my give-a-damn filters are failing hard and I may just end up making this situation worse. It’s tormenting to realize how very much detached and worthless I am to everyone, except my significant other. I keep reaching out to people I believed were my friends, those attempts have been mostly miscarried. I need people to care about, and vice versa. My emotions and presence are too much for my partner to deal with all the time.. I fear I’m going to lose him for he is all I have to focus on which leads to a lot of over analyzing and assuming on my part. I am having issues finding another job in law enforcement due to my bad credit, I feel like I wasted all of that time getting a degree and a job in that field, it just didn’t feel right to me and now I may not be able to work in it anyways. I’m stuck sitting in a place full of triggering paraphernalia, all I do every night is marinade in all the bad things that has transgressed. I have no friends. I have no one, but my partner, and partners aren’t generally forever. He deserves better than the mess that I am and in the end, I'm going to pull the trigger, or I'm going to 'hangout' with a couple of trees. It's just a matter of when.


Professional help is far too expensive and my brain enjoys tormenting me too much to truly be functional again I think. I want to be wrong, I want to believe these horrible memories and feelings will eventually stay in the little 'lost' memories file in the back of my mind. Any tips to cope? 