Just too much.Lately I feel things have been too much. It feels like I just hit the maximum I can take. I am going to start from the beginning.

I grew up in a shitty city with out my real dad, who I never met. He was arrested and charged with hainus crime before I was born. I lived with my mom and my stepdad my whole life. We never had any money and I was homeschooled so I never had a true friend until I was 8. The only "friend" I had growing up at the time constantly molested me. She was a family friend so she was trusted with me a lot. I honestly can't forgive her and it hurts a little when I see her happy guilt free with a family and kid. I know that makes me a horrible person but it feels she took something from me. Because of that dark time for me I can never see myself in a real relationship.

My stepdad lucky for me never physically or sexually abuse me, but he seemed to always love humiliating me. And I don't  mean like being a human r/fellowkids around my friends. The one time I never forget is when I was with my family at this weekend party. Just a bunch of people riding horses and having a good time. I was about 9-10 at the time so I still didn't think things through properly. There was a balcony with a buffet and directly in front of it were picnic tables were people ate. After getting a full plate, I decided to just set on the balcony and enjoy my meal there. My fatal mistake was placing the plate of food on the deck so I can sit down. I am going to guess this dog has been waiting for this moment his whole life because he was instantly enjoying my food. So I decided to just throw my food away, because I didn't want dog saliva and what ever dog ass he licked that day. My dad was not having any of that, he had a couple beers at this point so he was buzzed. So in front of friends and family he started screaming at me for letting the dog eat my food and he decided instead of waisting all of that precious food I should eat it. There is nothing like being screamed at will eating dog food in front of people you know.

My only friend at the time treated me like shit. And just like the last one he sexually abused me. He was not as bad as the last but I still fucking hated it. He at the time was in the closet and I am going to guess he was struggling with his sexuality. I have nothing against him for not being straight, but there were lines he crossed. He was 5 years older than me so he was more sexually mature than I was.

I can keep listen things that keep me up all night but I doubt any one cares. So I am going to cut to the chase. I am 17 going on 18, failing school, have no job, and no friends. The only family member who haven't said they hated me is my mom. I always feel unwelcome and a lot of it is my fault because I don't trust anyone. So I made a deal with myself, I am going to join the Army. If I don't get accepted or I can't make the cut I am going to end it. 

I'm sorry if this doesn't belong here, I'll delete it if I need to.

 
