unsure of what to do nextHi, so i'm sorry to post about this because i don't think it's important enough but i'm not quite sure where else to post.

i constantly feel like killing myself. i am unable to discuss this with my family because they tell me that i have nothing to feel sad about since i have food, clothes and a good place to live. however, they are constantly putting me down in various ways, and if i ever confront them about it, i'm told that i'm overly sensitive and emotional, and they've said or done nothing wrong.

i've been trying to get a job overseas (i normally teach in china) but for some reason that's not working out. if i work in the same city, they'll insist i live at the house, and tbh whatever job i find in the city will not pay me enough to live alone.

i'm wary of going to my doctor about this, because they are the family doctor and can say stuff to my family which i really don't want. moreover i don't want anything on my medical record along the lines of suicidal or depressed or having anxiety because i want to be able to get a job overseas. when i'm living alone i'm not this distraught.

currently i don't have a sim card (thinking i would not be living here long enough to need one), and so can only really use the chat function (plus i don't want the family to overhear me talking to a crisis hotline). however, whenever i use the chat function i never get through, and am constantly waiting in line. this is not a fault to them as they must legitimately be busy, i am only mentioning this because i don't know how else to contact anyone.

i don't have any friends in this city, i can only talk to my friends online atm, but honestly they're not in the best frame of mind themselves and i don't wish to add to their burden.

i've tried using suicide worksheets but i can't follow the steps because when i am in this frame of mind i can't concentrate on anything besides the pain i'm feeling.

i don't have the will to live anymore, i don't see the point in it. but i don't want to kill myself either. i want to be happy. every time something happens i talk myself through only to have something happen again a few hours later. it's a roller coaster i don't want to ride anymore.

i honestly don't know what to do. i would appreciate any help, especially if anyone has any methods to emotionally numb myself so i'm not affected by what people do or say to me anymore.