tonight maybeFirst of all, sorry for my english, i'm really anxious so fuck grammar

I was planning to commit suicide in a couple of months, i want to do it in another town/country, idk which yet, don't like the idea of my family finding my body, but there's this thing, idk if you know, covid. I always plan my suicide attempts with stuff that will only hurt myself, i think "Oh well, i'll just jump in front of the train" "Wait, what if causes an accident?" "Well, i can jump from a high building" "What if a child sees my body and she gets traumatized?" This kind of stuff, so i keep thinking " If i travel now, i can get the virus, then i can pass the virus, and maybe that person will die, no no, i'll wait"

The thing is, i can't handle anymore, i honestly can't, idk what to do. I guess i'll just have to do it at home, or jump in the front of the fucking train but i don't even know where the fuck that shit is in my town and i don't know how to drive to get there and stuff, calling a taxi won't happen because of the virus, poor taxi man, suicidal client + risk of losing his life because he can't work from home in this pandemic. Also, how am i supposed to call them "Yeah, can you leave me in the train in the middle of the night"(It's only for products and stuff)

i can't see myself being here waiting to leave and die, but i don't know how i can do it at home and be successful. I'm feeling really trapped. 

I wasn't going to tell my family, i didn't wanted anyone trying to make me change my mind, so i deleted all of my social media. You see, it's very easy for people to manipulate me, they do it a lot, and they can easily guilt trip me so i won't hurt myself, so i just want to be alone while i wait. But, the other day, i was locked in my bedroom, and i went to look for my cat, my sister and my mom were talking in another room, and they called me, so we kept talking there, and at one point we where discussing this subject, that is one of the reasons that makes me suicidal, and they asked me stuff, and i was just like "Idk, i'll just kill myself soon", and i said more than once, they didn't even care, and that's because they know i'm suicidal, they thought i was better, they know i'm being serious, they know i have isolated myself and they don't care. So why bother trying to be here?

I just need the end it, idk how im going to do it, but i'm attempting today, will they found my body? Well they will, that sucks, guess i'm just being selfish rn, but i'm losing my mind here, going full crazy bitch, relapsed on self harm and anorexia

Idk why i'm saying this stuff, just venting i guess