Feeling like I should've died 4 months ago - strange feelingHi,

so it seems like either I push through or believe my mind which flipped over 4 months ago. I seriously feel like since this has started that Ive been destined to suicide.

So my mind is so unbelievably destructive and I am severely depressed, not that I dont want to do anything, rather cant imagine doing anything with these thoughts, more like intrusive feelings based on false beliefs.

Basically I recovered from DPDR this year, everything is as it used to be except for my mind. It is so worn out because the 6 months of DP were too much I guess. It is so worn out that I could convince myself that I died when DP hit me in February. There is nothing worse than no symptoms but still irrational thinking. It recently hit me with massive bouts of hopelessness and suicidal thoughts. It feels like I shouldnt be here anymore.

4 months ago I thought suicide was an absurd thing (for me) and even during DP suicide didnt even cross my mind one single time. But now it feels like my worst imaginations came true and it is just pure mental pain.

Everything about future is triggering the hell out of me, I cant picture myself in the future anymore without thinking (maybe I might have killed myself by then?!), it is so difficult to even hold the place at university, but Ive already decided that I'd drop out.

It all changed in July where I had ups and downs but in the beginning of August these intrusive bouts of suicidal thoughts (like I hit a threshold and the only way out would be suicide, because it felt so terribly painful, like I was destined to suicide) hit me out of the blue and I suddenly became paranoid of time and future... It is not that I dont want to live anymore but my mind doesnt. It is strange...:( So basically it felt like my mind decided: your life is over now. This feeling freaked me out and days have been a struggle since then because it seriously felt like there is no way out but suicide. Since August everything triggers the feeling that I should be dead, even my hobby: drumming, music.

Biggest trigger: sounds hilarious, but it is the date. It seems like I hit some kind of threshold in August, since then, time triggers these suicidal feelings, like I am supposed to not be here anymore. Damn this is undescribable, even more than DPDR itself.

Most strange thing: IT FEELS LIKE I SHOULD HAVE DIED, SOME DARK FEELING WHICH EATS ME AND THAT I'D BE DESTINED TO SUICIDE! I have a really bad urge to feed in to these feelings even though I know Id made it worse...

I really have no clue how to recover from this hell. It feels like the only reason I feel like that is because I have a strong belief that something has to die or that something is very wrong with my mind.

Any suggestions?