I feel like there’s no proper end to this.Hey people, first time in here. Nice to meet y’all. 

I hope you don’t mind a few words from this stranger, haha.
(Also, please excuse my poor language. I am not a native English speaker!)

For a little bit of context, I’m a 23 year old looser that’s going to Uni. No job, no nothing. Wowie.

I’ve been officially diagnosed with Clinical Depression when I was... 21? by different psychiatrists (except this one doctor that said that I was “too you to be depressed”. Figures)

On November of last year, I tried to commit suicide (to no one’s surprise). I took enough pills to go dumb as a rock, but not enough to, you know, die.

It’s been a few months since then, and wowza, I feel no better. I feel alone. You know this kind of... loneliness where you just feel... cold? Metaphorically speaking.

Don’t get me wrong, I love my family and my friends, but I just... I don’t want to subject them to my inner turmoil. I’m a motherfucking bitch that’s depressed, self-harms, purges food, from many other self-sabotaging tendencies. The whole-ass destructive combo.

Lately, my father has been hanging out with my two older sisters, and they look so... happy. Having fun, eating good food, joking around, yadda yadda. And it makes me realize how come I don’t fit in. It gave me a good image of how my family would be if I wasn’t... you know, alive. And it’s so bizarre, like, I wasn’t meant to be part of this world? You get what I mean?

My friends... they are great. I love them. They have forgiven me for all those times I ghosted them because I was too fucking depressed to even charge my motherfucking phone. I genuinely wish them the best, and I hope they get to live a long, happy life, because they deserve it. And I feel like they don’t deserve to deal with me, a fucking MESS.

My therapist... she’s a really nice woman, super kind. But... I don’t know, maybe we don’t match? She’s the only person in my life whom I can tell her “Yo I wanna kill myself, like, right now”. But she just... I don’t know, doesn’t think that I’m capable of doing that? (Even tho I already did that before, huh). 

Funniest part is, after the “incident”, my psychiatrist prescribed me 2 more different meds (I was already taking one kind of medication for my depression)

So, now I have 3 different boxes of meds. 

Even though I literally tried to kill myself via overdose.

Huh.

Is this normal? If someone went through something similar let me know. This question has been eating my brain.

Either way, I’m like a kid that’s super tempted to eat all the cookies from the cookie jar.

Every single day I feel like I’m gonna snap, and I’m gonna down all those pills as if they were a bunch of bitter skittles or something lmao.

And I don’t feel like *that* day is too far away. I’m at my limit.

Anyways, if you read all of this, thank you from the bottom of my heart. It’s really nice to have someone... read what’s honestly inside of my head.

I wish you all the best. Genuinely. And I hope you get to feel happiness, because y’all deserve it.

Lots of hugs ❤️