My dog died and I'm almost suicidal.I already posted this in r/depression but as I'm new to reddit, I would like to get insight in other communities like this one. 

Hi, I'm new to reddit, I want to get this off my chest. It's gonna be a long post and my english might not be the best (as it's not my native language), so please bear with me.

The thing is, I'm in the worst state of depression I've ever been. And the cause of it is something some people might not relate to, I recently lost my puppy. I know a lot of people don't own pets, but if you do, you know how hard it is to hold yourself together. But my puppy's death for many reasons is the breaking point for me, I think I will never be the same. Let me tell you the complete story.

So a few months ago (February) me and my family noticed my dog was getting very fat, we took her to the vet and they told us she was pregnant (she's a 7 year old chihuahua and got pregnant by another chihuahua of the same age).

She gave birth to her puppies on March 29. There were 5, but two of them were stillborn.

Ever since that moment, these puppies made my life better. They were so happy, so full of energy and so cute. We kept the three of them because we were just so in love with them.

Now, I've been depressed for a lot of years (I don't take meds) and May was one of the worst months of my life and these little puppies help me go through that rough phase.

I got better in June and although July was another difficult month, I was being strong. But then this month started and things took a turn for the worst. My life has been so hard this year, I was hoping 2019 would be a much better year than 2018, but every month it gets worse.

Last Monday (the 12th) one of the puppies, named Oliver, started getting sick. He threw up multiple times and he had a stomach ache. We took him to the vet and he was hospitalized. On Friday, one week ago, the vet called me and my family to tell us the poor puppy was getting worse, the meds were doing nothing for the pain (apparently he had pancreatitis) and he was in so much pain he hardly recognized our voices.

We put him to sleep. It was one of the most difficult decisions, but he was in so much pain it was the only choice.

So how have I been feeling ever since? Well, it's been a week exactly and I can't move on from his death. And I know, people will just say, oh, don't worry, you'll get better but that's the thing right there, I DON'T want to get better. I don't know why, I've never felt this way before. For as long as I can remember I always prayed I would get better. I would just say, please God, I want to be happy. But not anymore. That puppy (he was my favorite of the three) was my anchor. He was such a happy dog, a gorgeous and beautiful soul, and now I really don't want to live anymore. This is not the first time, I've been suicidal before, but this time is different. It's like I'm ready to die. I really don't want this to get better anymore. I just want to die so that I'm reunited with my beautiful puppy.

These days I've feel exhausted, nothing excites me anymore. I've cried every single day so much I feel drained. I look at pictures and videos of him and I feel so sad. I've dreamt about him, two times, in one he was happy and licking my hand and the other I knew he was sick and I was desperate to take him to someone who could save him. And the other two puppies (his sisters) look so much like him that it hurts me to even look at their faces. Every time I hear his name I feel like someone is stabbing me in the heart. My heart is heavy. I don't know what to do anymore, because like I said, I can't move on, but I don't want to move on. I want to go with him, wherever he is right now. I didn't know his death could affect me so much, but he was always with me during hard times, so... Even thinking of the month of May (which I already said was horrible) pains me, because I know he at least was there.

And that's it, I don't know if someone has any advice for me, what should I do, because this is definitely the worst month of my life and I would give anything to see my dog again, it's my only wish. I'm praying that I die one of these days (I really don't want to kill myself, it's my last option, but if I don't see a way out of this, I might do it).

If you made it this far, thanks for reading, and I will welcome whatever advice you have to say.

Forgot to add, today, one week from his death, I dug up his grave and saw his little legs, I felt his little bones and saw his tail and had a massive breakdown.