Feeling hopelessI don’t want to hurt myself. But I’m so tired of these passive thoughts of being so overwhelmed I wish everything could just stop.  I’ve been suicidal with a plan before, and I’m not that bad now. I’ve worked with people who are suicidal because of my profession. But I don’t understand why I can’t seem to bring myself out of that pit of hopelessness and feeling overwhelmed. 

People tell me I’ve come so far for being my age, but sometimes all I can see are my failures and feeling like no one wants me. I feel disposable. My employer could always fill my job with someone else. I go on dates but nothing ever lasts..it seems like all people want anymore is casual sex, and there’s nothing wrong with that but it’s not for me. I would feel guilty because of my upbringing and I need to be in something stable first with someone I’ve built trust with so I feel safe. And I’m left feeling like people I date just want to use me, so then they leave when they realize I want more than that and I’m not gonna just be down for whatever. 

I feel like a burden to talk to anyone about these thoughts. I feel guilty when I open up much to family or friends, so I don’t tell them I have these hopeless thoughts. I don’t want them to worry, or think I’m crazy or not able to handle the stresses of life. I’m scared people won’t take me seriously as a person or as a professional if they knew how much I struggled with always feeling panicked, even when I seem happy or like I’m having a good time. 

And I’ve gotten better at masking my feelings than I was as a teenager. I joke around and I’m sarcastic af, but those same internal feelings are still very real. I try to mask my pain with humor, but when I’m alone at night it all breaks down. I can’t sleep and just have to deal with my pain and trauma (I hate that word, but fuck it I guess that’s what it is) and guilt. 

Guilt over creating my own path in life and choosing my own beliefs; guilt for feeling the way I do when on the outside it looks like I have a lot going for me; guilt for being near perfectly physically healthy whenever I care for people everyday who are not and who somehow seem more emotionally resilient than I am. 

Trauma over not always being accepted by my family for who I am, though that’s getting somewhat better (even though the reality is they still don’t know everything..like that I’m bi or that I’m *still* depressed). Church trauma. Secondary trauma or whatever you would call “I wish it was me and not you” from work or even from some of my experiences talking to people when I went to church in the past. Trauma of being told over and over by the church I was wrong when I was right or when I was just trying to live my truth. Trauma from the literal nightmares I still have reliving various scenarios while I’m just trying to freaking rest. And sometimes I can’t even remember all of the dreams I just jolt awake feeling scared and remembering bits and pieces, if anything. 

Pain from painting over all of it to try to convince myself and others that I’m okay. Sometimes I’m okay. But a lot of times I’m not, and it’s difficult to talk about. I think people can see I’m anxious, but I try not to let on how much it affects me. Maybe they know anyway, and maybe that scares me too.

I thought about calling a hotline or talking to an actual person but that seemed overwhelming and like I’d be a burden to those people. And I do have a therapist, though I’m scared to tell her all this; I don’t know why.

But anyway..goodnight Reddit. I’m gonna keep listening to try by colbie collait while I try and come down from this multi hours long panic attack.