not sure where to goI'm also not sure if this it the right sub reddit to use.

I rarely ever contribute on reddit and am more of a lurker, I'm the same way in my none reddit life. I just feel I have nothing constructive to say and I'm just generally anti social.
 
(a little background)

I come from an abusive family, my dad was a bi polar alcoholic and would beat me and made me feel worthless for the majority of my life. My mom eventually did a very brave thing and divorced him. But I fear the damage was already done.( I have been to therapy in the past and never found it overly useful) I've wanted to die as far back as I can remember. 

Now that that's out of the way, a couple of days ago I was half asleep alone in my apt,watching tv when I started to hear people yell for help I thought maybe someone had fallen/heart attack, something of the like so I got up, threw on some clothes and went to investigate. The first thing I see is a man in the hallway asking for help so I followed him to an apt a few doors down and when I got there I was shocked, busted door, blood everywhere, and to the right of my I see a man standing over a woman in a lot of pain with a huge knife.

I didn't know what to do,I'm not the most intimidating person (I resemble the comic book guy from the Simpsons) and this guy starts walking over to me and in that split second I was afraid of dying so I lied and told him that the cops where on the way (turns out someone had actually called them) he stood there for a few seconds and then ran off.

It took awhile but once the cops/paramedics arrived they got the woman to the hospital and brought me to the police station to give my statement. From what I've heard she is in a stable condition but haven't heard much else.

Right now I'm wishing this guy had killed me and I'm really fucked up emotionally and don't really know what to do. I can't really talk about this with my family they know some of the details of the events but not what I'm really going through, I'm usually an emotional wall and keep people at a distance, and my friends have all moved on with their lives and I don't want to involve them with this.

I will be going to bed for a little while as it is fairly late or early depending how you see it

