Thrown-ness is MeI used to see so much merit in the idea of triumph. Striving against all the struggles of life and finding the strength to keep going and better myself.  Now all of that just seems to me like an idea implanted in me by the existence i found myself in in order for me to stick around longer and be tortured slowly.

     Ever since i was about 14 or so Ive had this kind of dissociative disorder i guess you could call it.  Its hard to put into words but its just a feeling of incredible malevolence directed towards me by a world that isnt actually real.  Not real in the way Im led to believe that it is anyway.  Its as if everyone is in on this sick cosmic joke except for me and the whole goal is to make me suffer, but always with the right amount of hope and happiness thrown in so i dont catch on and so that it hurts all the worse when its taken away.  Just like Sisyphus, so who knows, maybe its my punishment and I deserve it.

    I am aware of how insane this is and I always strive to live my life under the assumption that none of that is true.  Because I need it not to be.  The trouble is that its more of a feeling than any kind of thought process I can control.  Full on existential dread.

       About 2 and a half years ago I was able to fight my way out of that hell and for the first time in years I was able to just live and not be constantly dogged by that feeling of helplessness, though it was always there in the back of my mind.  It was right after this that I was lucky enough to meet the most beautiful amazing person I have ever encountered in my life.  She just made everything real again and I was not only free of that awful head space but I was actually feeling intense joy and happiness and I felt like my life actually had meaning beyond the pointless suffering I had always thought it was intended for.

        And what did I do?  I destroyed it all of course.  I took the most incredibly beautiful thing I have ever found and crushed it.  All the evil dissociative feelings started to creep back in under the radar and without knowing why, I began to feel this intense dread and helplessness that was always there I guess.  Just waiting to test me.  Giving me enough space and confidence to obtain something I love and care for all for the sole purpose of having it die by my own hands and watching me suffer all the more.

        I ended up walking away because I couldnt bare the idea of subjecting her to a life with me.  I just have an overwhelming feeling that death is the only way out.  Any kind of fight I put up is just playing into the sick game and delaying the inevitable.  The thing that kills me is I just wanted her to have a happy life but now Im realizing all I did was cause her pain and sadness.  Moreover, what if she never ends up finding someone and ends up alone like me, or even worse, ends up with someone who treats her like shit?  This line of thinking flies directly in the face of my delusions, but thats just it, when it comes to her I genuinely feel like its all real and she actually cares about me.  Its something I havnt felt since I was a child, before the whole illusion came crashing down.

       Either way its all gone now and cannot be recovered.  Ive planned in a fail safe for myself anyway.  I have to stick around long enough for her to move on and be ok and forget about me and the pain I caused her.  That way, if I do this, she wont have to know or hear about it.  Above anything I just want her to be happy.  Hopefully in that time I will find some peace or another way out.  I guess the whole point of me writing this out is that Im hoping someone will be able to relate or help me in some way.  I want to be better and im trying, but this time around, knowing what I had and could have had and losing that forever, by my own hands none the less, is just making it seem futile.