Battling my own thoughtsI've made an attempt on my life before via drug overdoes. I knowingly took far too much of something offered to me at a party when I was having a particularly bad month. 

I'm twenty years old and I've got less than nothing going for me. I genuinely feel like a burden to everyone around me and even those not around me. I don't live in my own place, I can't get a job despite trying for four months to do so, I've not gone to College and have a High School diploma, that's it. 

I've got nothing. I stayed up all night and I've just been playing it all out in my head, something I do way too often. I just think about what it would be like if I ended it all. What would everyone think? What would happen afterwards? Years afterwards. Would everyone just be better off?

I haven't spoken to my mother since I was thirteen years old. She was a drunk and a horrible addict. And despite the complete silence and animosity that's between us, I still deep down care for her, and have wanted nothing but for her to get clean for the first time since I was a baby. And the only thing that popped into my head was her and my step mother being sad over me ending myself. But what I also thought at the same time was that I "Didn't care if it made my moms cry". 

Shit like this going through my own head as often as it does scares me sometimes. 

I have never gotten mental help before, at least not professionally, and I think everyone around me assumes or knows subconsciously that I'm a deeply depressed person, but doesn't really care enough in the moment to actually ask me about it ever, or how I'm feeling about anything. And by the same merit I don't have the confidence or mental fortitude to try and actually cry out for help or get it myself. And then I get these negative thoughts about everyone. How some would feign remorse for me and act like they hadn't had a clue about how deeply unhappy I was and have always been.

I don't know why i'm typing this. It's a bit of a rant. Hopefully someone out there can relate. I just don't know what to do with myself anymore. I feel like doing anything anymore is such an effort. More than just an effort, it feels like the hardest thing to do is...anything? Like literally anything, the simplest of things, from sleeping, to waking up, to going out to eat or doing literally anything. It just takes so much out of me and requires me to really feel like it's taken more effort and energy to do than it should.

I just feel like a husk sitting around waiting to die. And I don't want to feel this way anymore but I don't see a way out of this feeling because it's all I've known for so long, and it just get's worse as time goes on. Like a vicious cycle.