It's never easy.This isn't the first suicide note I've written, and despite my condition, it probably won't be the last. 

I've posted on this sub many times, desperately trying to show other people the light. For me, it was a coping mechanism but I truly hope that others took comfort in my words. 

For all you do-gooders like me: move along. This throwaway is already gone, and there's a reasonable chance I'll live. 

For everyone else, I hope there's meaning in my words. 

I've struggled with depression my whole life. It's a hereditary thing--there was nothing that could be done. But I've always found that the darkness has granted me humility and understanding. 

Or at least, it always feels that way. In spite of my condition, I've achieved things I never though I could. As I sit here, getting drunk in my bathroom, I'm plagued by another insurmountable task. 

I never thought I'd make it through highschool. I never thought I'd make it through college. And as I'm here now--a talented university computing student--I don't think I'll make it though this. 


I often like to joke that I'm better than everyone else. My unparalleled intellect has carried me through my first two years of university. My next year is my placement year--a full-time job as a Software Engineer. At one point, this was my dream. THE dream. Now, I'm scared that the stress will be my undoing. 

Obviously, it won't be. I've got my boyfriend and my sheer genius to help me through it. But when the darkness sets in, it's far too easy to get lost in the anxiety. 


Anyway, what kind of suicide note goes on this long without blaming people? 

My parents' shitty marriage plagued my adolescent life. The arguing and petty bullshit left me with lifelong scars. It took a whole girlfriend and most of my boyfriend to teach me that there was hope. If nothing else, I know exactly what I don't want my relationship to become.

The public education system and all the torment that came with it. Until I finally learned some basic social skills, I truly believed I was as worthless as it made me feel. There's no greater emptiness than being alone amongst thousands of your peers. I always felt like it was all my fault. The worst part is that it was. 

Education gave me cold hard statistics to back up my sense of superiority. And so, everyone hated me. I can't say that I blame them. I just wish I had learned about the futility of it all, the humility was all that was missing from my strong personality. 

Meaninglessness is a strong foundation upon which to build a life. It's easy to gain perspective when you've already seen the absolute worst-case scenario. Perspective does not grant me confidence, however.

In a desperate bid to gain confidence, I tried therapy. It certainly helped, at least in some small manner. Soon, I will try the next step towards recovery. It's reasonably likely that this post is a part of that next-step. If not, I hope it's a part of yours.

This post feels incomplete without a conclusion: a lesson to be learned from all of this. 

Alas, there is none, at least beyond the lessons you taught yourself whilst reading this. I came here to write out my last words. In some fashion, you came here to read them.

I leave this meandering post to return to my bed. No lessons learned. No hope restored. This note incomplete. 

Never complete it. 

Do better than I ever could, and I promise you'll be fine. That's all I can leave you with.

Farewell.