you're on here somewhere and know what you didThis seems like the cool place to post this. I'm probably killing myself tomorrow. The family is going out on an all day trip and I've had the flu for a week so no one would question me "sleeping in." Idk why that's in quotes, I will be sleeping in. No suicide before 11am. 

Why am I leaving this world so early? Honestly, I've always been the one to reinforce that it's not someone else's fault a person commits suicide. I think my mind has changed a bit though. 

Every single one of these scars &amp; burns up my arms is because of one specific asshole. The reason I nearly shot myself in the head in September? That asshole. The reason I cry myself to sleep every night? Yep, that asshole.
You can only guess what my number one reason for what's gonna go down tomorrow.

My dad keeps a loaded gun in the back of his bedside table just in case. (It's still there, I checked today.) Tomorrow I plan to get it out, then go hide in the barn and get high. Send my best friend relevant information (emails &amp; passwords) plus my apologies and goodbyes because they're the only one who's tried to be there for me.

After I do that and before I decide to turn back (I probably won't) I'll curse that asshole's name one last time before saying a prayer and then goodnight me.

No this asshole wasn't a boyfriend/girlfriend. This asshole just knew what they were doing. They knew how much I was suffering and how much this would hurt me. But they went ahead and tore me down. I would normally not wish this on anyone else but you just disregarded my feelings so much that it made me regret trusting you. And I trusted you with. So fucking much. I'm physically sick thinking about it. It's what's making me want to kill myself. You put me through so much pain. And I want you to know that it's your fault but you better be glad that the mere thought of your name makes me nauseous and makes me cry. So you probably will never know. And your life will be normal when I'm gone. This was probably your plan all along. 

So bye, or whatever. I don't actually want to type out my story. Not saying I need a reason to be depressed because that's not always the case with depression, but I have plenty of reasons that only add to what I endure personally every day. Do I have it the worst? Of course not. But I don't have the coping capability. Like, at all. I'd rather end it now. 

Make the world a better place when I'm gone. Thanks for listening to me ramble.