Not the typical suicide story, I guess.I'm 21 years old. It's really hard for me to every post or talk about anything going on in my mind, or even outside in the day to day world. Took a lot of time for me to finally consider talking to anyone about things. I'm not one of those people that sits down and waits for the good to walk right through my front door. I've really been trying to get better, to be okay. I've seen many specialists and private psychs since I was 13, but none of them actually heard what I was saying. I've been desperately trying to understand myself and find out the root of all the evil swelling inside me. It's incredibly difficult to go far into my own mind, because it's a cold, scary fuckin place. 

I guarantee many people have heard many others talk about their "hatred" for people. But, I really can't stress enough how this isn't one of those garbage rants that the vast majority of people seem to slap onto Facebook whenever they have a minor inconvenience. I seriously, from the bottom of my heart, hate almost every single person I encounter. It's like I can tell the kind of person they are just from the way they walk. And so far, on my 21 years on this dark fucking planet I've met about 6 people that are different. It took me a long, long time to create any form of relationship with them. But then, as I ran out of options where I lived, I moved to the other side of the planet to the country I was originally born in, but didn't have enough time here to build any real bonds. I left behind my mother, sister and every single person I had ever trusted in any form, to try and push myself towards some kind of mental breakthrough. But now I truly am completely alone. My best friend has visited me here twice, once a year. He comes over to escape his fucked life, and help me sort out mine temporarily. Besides that, I have my girlfriend here. I knew this woman when I was a kid, she lived just up the road from me. Used to be 'best pals' according to her. But truthfully I remember nothing important from my childhood. 

Now onto the subject of myself. I know I've darted from point to point, but hold on its almost over. I promise. I quite frequently imagine the exact scenario that I'm in, at random intervals and picture somebody else in this situation. As in, I imagine if I never existed in the first place and somebody much more deserving of a life was there. How would they react? How would they think or feel about anything?
I fucking hate myself at times, but I always hate the world more. I hate the fact that I've lost a couple really good friends to their demons, but it didn't make me want to fight on for living. They are dead now, it's easy going for them now. It's ME that has to walk the world without them now and endure all the garbage that can be thrown at me. I cannot stand to look at myself, that sickening face with the bags under his eyes. There's nothing behind those eyes, even a stranger could tell that I already died a long time ago.
Anyway, rambling again. The point is, I don't want to die. I don't want to feel the air escape my lungs, or the blood drain from my veins. I just want to stop existing. I just want to disappear into the void of nothing. I don't feel anything apart from pain and anger, all the time. And it's affecting my relationship, making my girl feel worthless, like she is watching me fade away into some kind of corpse. The worst thing is, that it is true. She can't do a fucking thing to help this. I'm cursed to this existence of just misery. I haven't even gone into some of the happenings of my life, just because this post is already long enough and I still wouldn't share that with anyone, supposing I had endless time to tell that story. I'm lost in my own fucking head right now. It feels surreal to actually talk about some of the things rattling around my head. Not in a good way. I suppose what I'm trying to say in the end of this all, is that I can feel that I'm close to my end. All this effort, all the things I've tried to do for myself and others, every little thing I've wasted my time doing will never be remembered. I just want some people to remember when I'm gone, that I never gave in. I tried and fucking tried to find out why I feel like this, and I tried to fix it. I tried so god damn hard. I never wanted to kill myself, I thought this kind of pain was something being over dramatized in movies and books. But I cannot so this dance any more, I've worn out my dancing shoes, my best socks and now I'm grinding my feet down the bone. I really think my waltz around this planet is almost over. If you read all this garbage, I appreciate the gesture and thank you for wasting some of your day to listen to a part of my reality. I hope you do something incredible tomorrow, or any day of the year in fact.