I've done something so wrong, weak, mean, selfish and immoral...I had a very sweet ex who was 8 years older, but I suddenly dumped her 4 weeks before she'd fly over because I felt like: this isn't working, I'm not good for her, she deserves better.

Then 1 year later I lose my mind. I had lived sooooo incredibly unhealthy for 8 to 9 years. Between 5 to 10 spliffs per day, 15 cigarettes, only eat garbage, being extremely skinny... After our break-up I quit and start hitting the gym constantly, eat extremely healthy and the contrast is so huge that I become extremely scared of my past. I feel like I've ruined my one and only life. I start crying like a little baby in my room due to the regret. I feel so FUCKING depressed... It's ridiculous how bad I feel. The depression becomes so bad that I start to feel suicidal. I also had a terrible abusive childhood with both my parents dying and my father abusing me so that makes my life even worse. 

Then I contact my ex and I'm not thinking about what I'm doing. I intuitively tell her that I'm 'done with life. It's fucking pointless bullshit. Fuck improving' (in response to her 'I've improved a lot since then, it's over, grow up, get a grip') and so on. Then she gets angry. I get into panic mode. I explain myself 'I just think it's too late 😭' and she keeps replying, telling me to stop and blocking me over and over again. I try to explain/save it by crying about how I've ruined everything, but then she tells me 'I can't stand listening to your whining'... She also said I 'didn't change a bit and only went backwards' and I'm like 'but that's the whole reason I'm depressed! I've changed so much that I can't live with my past' so one last time I make a new account and tell her: 'but I did change'...

That was her cue to COMPLETELY curse me out. She wrote a message filled with the most horrible insults. For like 6 months all I could think of was that message. It just repeated in my head over and over and over again. Out of intense pain I spammed the shit out of her with messages mixed between being angry (in the beginning) to explaining myself until finally I was a broken mess of a person and just kissed her feet about knowing how I wrong I was, that she's much better than me, that it was terrible and inexcusable behavior of me. Fuck... 😓

So now I'm living with both the idea that soon I'll be dead and on top of it I feel so terrible about myself due to my horrible behavior and my ex her insults that completely dehumanized me and broke my spirit. How to go on? My soul is shattered into a million pieces...