I feel a little closer to wanting to kill myself than I thoughtThe politics, the suffering, the personal loss, the meager living, and everything in my house is breaking down. Even the walls.

This last decade at length has been fucking rough. **My mother died around 6 years ago, in September.** My father has never been part of the picture, the bastard hasn't even tried to find me or my mother since he left. I have been raising my brother (who was 12 at the time) up to the age of 18. Inheritance gave us enough fortune to live on our own for a while and I actually (foolishly) ended up donating a lot of the money to charity. I have always been.. too generous for my own good, and I've since learned to buckle down a bit harder on every single dollar I spend.

I've had trouble securing any real work. I've had a couple of good retail jobs (good being relative, maybe "manageable" is the better word there) but it's been hard making enough to offset how much needs to be spent.

I live in an extremely poor rural area that is lucky to even have internet access.

As you all might have read in the news lately, places like this might be some of the first to be cut off from internet access any day now. I wait for that day every single day, so I have one more reason to want to actually do it. Because for the most part, I really don't care that much for the people who live here. They are all vastly different from myself.

The last nail in the coffin has to be the awful house I live in, though. Because I've been deeply depressed, it's been more difficult to do anything necessary around here. I've wanted to work on this house for ages, but a lack of money and motivation has ultimately ruined every single attempt. I wouldn't give this house another decade to be left standing, it was pretty much blowing in the wind during the last major windstorm. The whole house shook, and it frightened my family.

The reason I put the politics as a potential reason should be obvious. I have never seen such a complete disregard for human life and suffering than I have in the past couple of years. I have never seen my country turn on itself, divide itself like it has recently. As someone who has already been suffering for close to a decade reading the horrible headlines about people being shot to death on a regular basis, or how often people are overlooked or mistreated because they disapprove of the way things are being run... Jesus Christ. Why?

I know that was a lot, I don't really care. I had to get this off my chest somehow.

I don't know how I'm still here. I don't know how long I'll still be here.