How do you handle someone who is clearly depressed and possibly suicidal, but isn't currently making an attempt?I don't know if you guys can help us out, but here's the story:

A good friend of mine has a friend who has been depressed for sometime now. "Jack" and I are members of a fire department. He contacted our medical director about this a few months ago, and they were able to get this girl SSRI antidepressants (for free), which she has been taking. I do not know if their arrangement also includes counseling. She is a foreign student at the college that we all attend, so money for medical treatment is a huge concern (for her). 

As far as I can tell, she has gotten worse. She apparently has threatened suicide several times. She only says anything to Jack. He keeps his phone on him all the time, and occasionally sprints out of the room to her apartment when he gets texts from her. Besides only telling Jack about these events, she is apparently very good at convincing her other friends that nothing is wrong. In fact, they hate Jack for being "controlling" and telling her that she cannot drink alcohol.

This past Friday, her other friends got her drunk and left her alone. Jack and I were hanging out at the fire station when he got a GChat from her. He told us to "be ready" (as in, he thought he was going to have to call 911 when he got to her) and sprinted out the door. When he got to her, she had a number of pills in her mouth.

Obviously, he should have called 911. In our system, we almost certainly could have gotten her the help she needs with help from the police. Unfortunately, he didn't call that night. Now, it's apparent that she could hurt herself at any time. He is calling our medical director as we speak, but I don't know what he'll say, and I'm hoping someone here has a suggestion for us.

As an EMT, I'm fairly confident that Jack can't just call 911 now; we would have no grounds to transport her (especially if she was able to convince the police that she's fine).

Basically, I'm hoping that there's something we can do besides waiting for her to make another attempt. I've seen the great work you folks do on Reddit, and I appreciate you taking a look at this.

Thank you.