9 years later after my first attempt, yet still . . .I look back and not much has changed. The hurt resurfaces.  I think about suicide daily; hourly. I'm in my mid 30's yet feel I have no control over my life.  I'm working off massive debt I've incurred from some foolish decisions and yet I still can't get things right. I live on my own yet am dependent on my parents.  I am a minority in my predominantly white community and feel incredible marginalized.  I experience daily oppression in the real world and even when I try to find some peace online, I find I don't share the opinions of dominant culture when they tell me my experiences don't exist. I have tried so many avenues to find belonging. No matter where I go I feel ostracized. All my years alive, I've rarely been able to escape frequent bullying and shit starting from other people for what I look like. 

My depression makes it difficult to get out of bed and I have missed so much school.  The hobbies I once passionately loved no longer stir me. I have zero motivation.  I see no future.  Despite everything, I can't find anyone to love me for who I am.  Only one person was capable of doing that and nearly a decade it's been since she decided I was no longer worth knowing.  That set the spark. Even after my initial suicide attempt, family and friends failed to understand that all I simply needed was understanding. I've attempted a total of three times.  I can't even get death right.

Every hour I feel a voice inside me screaming.  I can't afford therapy.  The school counselor doesn't have the time to devote to a weekly patient. Whenever I tell the rare person I trust that I'm feeling incredibly depressed and suicidal, they give me useless comments. 

I momentarily think of what my parents would do if I passed and I only feel their grief would be short lived.  When I moved away, my mother cried every night. Now when I call every other month she's sometimes too busy on the other line. I don't have a close relationship with my family.  I remember all the verbal and physical abuse I went through. Every humiliating thing certain family members made me do, and how often one of them told me I was worthless. 

I've been waiting for things to get better and nothing has happened. There is the rare blip on the screen of brightness. Things feel warm.  The darkness recedes briefly.  But it's not sustainable. 9 years. Who can live this way and not come to this point? I rarely drink. I don't do drugs. I have fairly healthy eating habits and sleep regularly yet the depression is incredibly severe. 

I feel ugly, alone, and that I have overstayed my welcome in every possible manner. Also, anytime I've called the suicide hotline they have been useless. 

I don't want to die but the pain I feel every moment of every day has exceeded any resource for coping I have. I'm tired of people expecting the exceptional behavior of pushing through this without feeling a sense of futility. 