I really don't know any more.I'm sorry, this is a bit of a long one.

I've been trying to stay positive. I've been speaking to my therapist and doctor; I've had my medication dose increased, I've been doing more exercise, trying to reconnect with hobbies, see friends... You know, all that shit. Can I see a difference to my mood? No.

I want to be able to believe that I can get better, but I struggle. I tell myself over and over again that things won't always be this bad, that they'll eventually start feeling positive, but the honest truth is that they never have. I've had half of my life depressed, I was 10 years old when I first failed to kill myself and I failed to take enough citalopram to kill me in December.

I havesuicide notes written. I mean, iI don't know if I would actually send them to my friends, but they're written anyway. In my head I had this plan that I was going to kill myself on my birthday, which is in a few weeks time, but I don't even think I can make it that far any more. Everything hurts. My body aches, I can't sleep, I've lost my interest and ability to pursue most of my interests; I just sit staring at a computer screen. Most of my best friends have slowly just stopped talking to me, and it doesn't matter if I make an effort to reach out to them or be friendly, they're clearly just not interested in me being part of their life.

I've spent years with various therapists, councillors and psychiatrists telling me that things will get better, but there's been a very clear downward path for the last decade. I'm tired of living the whole fucking façade I keep up to hide my true feelings from the world. Truth is I can't drop the act even if I want to. Given that everybody seems to be so keen to abandon me anyway and I'm not even managing to do the things I thought I loved doing I can't see the point in continuing to fight, you know? I'm so tired. So very, very tired. I want to feel like life is going to get better, I really do. I keep holding off because *maybe tomorrow will feel better!* but it **never fucking does.**

I know how I want to go. I want to drink at least a whole bottle of port, or something similar and ram a kitchen knife into my stomach several times. I want to feel pain that's really there. I want to go out actually being able to feel something real. Not just lonely, abandoned and fucked up. Several friends made me promise not to drink anything after a previous ...event... but what the fuck do I care if I'm not worth enough to even bother responding to?

This was originally going to just be a diary entry, and I will probably post it on [my tumblr diary](http://notatypicalstudent.tumblr.com) anyway, but I just, I don't know? I guess there is some part of me that is secretly hoping that somehow, somebody is going to talk me out of doing something stupid. I want to believe the world gets better, but right now the only way I can see the main stopping is if I remove myself from the world.

TL, DR: I'm really fucking miserable and I want to escape.