come read as an idiot pours out their heart and soul 

Originally posted this on r/Advice because I'm new to Reddit and I don't really know how it works  


  
Every day is hard to live though. I have no real friends. People will claim to be my friend, but then go on to exclude me, make fun of my appearance (I am very ugly and self conscious.) and other stuff. I am ALWAYS the one who was to make the first move. Nobody ever asks to hang out with me, it's always the other way around. When I do end up hanging out with people, they all act as if they're against me. For example, I worked my ass off setting up this 'party' for me and my friends, and we played truth or dare. Someone was given a truth of 'if you never talk to anyone out of this group ever again, who would you stop talking to?" and one of my best friends I've known for a year or two now said that they would stop being friends with me, someone else even saying 'haha same'. When they aren't being mean, they ignore me. Like completely ignore me. When I call them all out on this, they just get mad and say 'no i'm listening!!' yet some how have absolutely no idea what I was saying. I know people are going to say 'get better friends', but I can't. These are the best people in my life. Everyone else is literally so much worse. There are people I will try to talk to and they will just frown/glare at me for no reason, then walk away. People I have never, literally never, interacted with in my entire life walk up to me and say 'I genuinely hate you.' just because. Even with all of this in mind, I've had a handful of relationships. All of them were fake as fuck. 3 of them hardly count as relationships (they were when I was pretty young, and we never even talked on the phone or anything before we started 'dating'). Then I had one partner who I dated for an entire year, and it made me cascade down so much deeper into my depression. They were also online, however, we met up after dating for 11 months. During the online time, every single night they would scream and yell at me for the tiniest of things (like I would change my clothes after coming home, and I didn't call them to let them watch, even though I waited 20 minutes already). I hated showing them my body because I hated my body (still do) but they always would tell me how they share their body with me, and clearly if I don't then I don't love them as much as they love me. They also wanted me to do/say some rather disgusting sexual things, for example, they had a rape kink and wanted to rape me while I talk to them like a very young child(and refer to them as an incestuous nick name). I told them I was very much not okay with that, but over a span of a few months they guilt tripped me into it ("I'm sorry i'm just so messed up, "I'm so sorry you have to deal with this."."it would just mean so much to me if you did it though."). I hated it, and it made my skin crawl. It got worse as time when on, they would start calling me names during sexual time (this is all over the internet btw), things like 'bitch' or 'whore', etc. I was never okay with this, and when I would tell them this, they would get all upset and wouldn't even want to talk to me the rest of that night because they 'felt so guilty' but then by the next day they started doing it again. When we at eventually met up, I was sexually assaulted by this person. They pulled down my pants without permission, and I started yelling at them, but they just continued touching me. When I told them I didn't want to do any of that stuff, they said nothing and refused to take no as an answer. It all lasted a total of about 5ish minutes (which I know doesn't sound like a lot, but it was horrifying to me.) I told them how uncomfortable I was, and that they really shouldn't have done that. They completely spun everything around and I ended up apologizing. For the next 14 days, I did things for them without saying no because I didn't want to make them upset. I hated every second of it, I just acted like I enjoyed it so they would be happy. That part is on me, and I know it was a bad call on my part. Anyways, fast forward after they leave. Things are a bit rocky, but we're still together. At some point I receive heart breaking news from their friends. They cheated on me. I was shattered, but I was blinded by the idea that nobody else will ever want me, and I ended up staying with them. I tried so hard, and gave them so much of my time but it was never enough. They didn't want me to leave my house. They didn't want me to do work. They just wanted me to spend every waking moment texting or talking to them. At some point, I grew some balls and broke it off. All of this just proves to me that I am truly unlovable. The only time people want me is so they can use and abuse me. There has been so many fucking people who simply reject me, I've lost count. The worst rejection lasted 2 years and made me spiral into my depression because it showed me the harsh reality that I lived in. That was a year or two ago now, but it's a wound I will forever be trying to fill (despite being over the initial person.) I have gotten so close to no longer believing in love. I don't think anyone has ever liked me for who I am, either it's not real or they're desperate. Love is one of the most important things in my life and the idea of never finding it makes life seem not worth living. I just want to be the most important person in someone's life.

Besides relationships, let's look at my ambitions. I'm an artist. Not a very good one. I've been drawing for 6(going on 7) years now, and my art is 'okay' at best. People usually go 'eh, nice.' when they see it. I like art, but my biggest passion is writing(If you want to read my stories please just ask I love sharing them.) The ability to create a person or creature purely from my mind, and to truly give them life is a beautiful thing. For so long now, my biggest dream has been to really be able to give life to the characters I've made. I want to be a screenplay writer. I've told so many people close to me my dream and they always laugh. They think it's a joke until I tell them I'm serious. My own mother told me "yeah that's not going to happen so good luck." The idea that it will ever happen seems so out of reach because so many people have told me it's never going to happen. I've showed people my ideas and stories, and I'm always met with harsh criticism that destroys any self confidence I have left. People tell me my writing is cringe and I need to find a better hobby. I don't want to do something else. I love writing. It's my escape from my life.

Overall, I have no motivation. I will never find true love. I refuse to believe at this point that literally anyone on this planet would ever consider me as an option. My dreams are completely out of my reach and are most likely unreachable. I have no real talents. I have nothing that makes me special. I have nothing that people are drawn to about me. I'm positive my future is going to be me, alone, working a dead end retail job and most likely living in my parents basement. I don't want to suffer though several more years of heart ache and sadness just to end up like that. Theses thoughts have been spinning around in my head for so long, and every day they get worse and worse. I get closer and closer to hurting myself every single second I'm awake.

I genuinely am asking this question, and I don't take this lightly (I WILL go though with it if people say to.)

Should I kill myself?