Suicidal, depressed, stressed, lonely, abusing alcohol, and cannot get help. Feeling worse after calling the hotline.Well, the title has it all but let me start by talking about the last issue: (not being able to get help) I live in a 3rd world country where mental health problems are utterly neglected. My insurance does not cover any mental health or therapy related issues and I cannot afford any form of it myself. Group sessions or general gatherings are just not a thing here either.

I really want to talk to a therapist, I simply cannot.

So what did I do? I managed to call the US national prevention suicide hotline 1-800-(TALK), twice. 

The first time ended by the guy telling me that they do not really have the resources to help people outside the states, and suggested other alternative services and hotlines from where he thought I was calling.

The second time was yesterday. I started the call by explicitly saying that I cannot get any form of therapy, and I asked her to continue the call based on this fact; however, it did not end well; near the end I asked if she thinks suicide could be a rational decision sometimes. She said yes, then she tried to backup that by saying something irrelevant; however, she got back to her main suggestion, something about using negative thoughts and challenging them. I told her this would not actually be helpful in my case. She then asked if I found what I came here for I said no but I thanked her and told her that I appreciate what she does. The call ended by her making sure I am not dying tonight. 

After I hung up, I just stared into the wall feeling so baffled. I just spent 60 minutes on the hotline, which was full of long pauses and awkward silences accompanied by hasty audible keystrokes, where she was helplessly trying to find something to assist me with. I just started wondering maybe this is not just rational. Maybe it is the only rational solution.  

I am currently severely depressed. I have been like this for over two years. It hits hard sometimes and I can tolerate it in others; however, generally, I was always on a slippery slope, and currently I am at rock bottom for over two months. I have zero interest in everything. Even sadness, in fact, sometimes sadness feels appealing and I am happy that I am sad, just because I can feel something!

I am extremely stressed, way beyond all bearable limits. It all goes back to my family whom I truly loathe. Mainly because how they abused me as a child. And raised me in a broken house where the split twice. I am currently living with them, which is the norm around here, people cannot really afford moving out until having a very high pay job. However, I am not okay with this. I do not like living with them, and neither do they. They explicitly asked me to move out, probably it was just the heat of the moment during a huge fight; however, I have nowhere to go, and I really hate it here. They can feel my depression I just quit everything in my life, gym, school, learning, just everything, and instead of being supportive they are stressing me into doing something and constantly keep telling me that I am a burden (which they always did since I was a little kid) and need to get a job or do something with my life.

I am lonely. Really lonely. I have no close friends. The closest one knows what I am going through, but she cannot or does not want to be supportive, if anything she is actually making it worse, probably purposefully; it is complicated. Another friend of mine who knows about this is just as severely depressed as I am. I am not helping him and neither him me. And we are not rally close to share the causes of this. However, even though I am lonely, I am never alone. I am always around people but I do not show or share any close experiences. 

For two weeks now I have been drinking excessively every single night. I need to numb the pain. Once drunk, those ideas become vague. I just feel the nothingness, and I like that. Well, shortly, up to the point where the ideas start phase shifting and they attack again stronger, rendering me more helpless and sad.

All those are generic issues, there are specific ones but I do not feel comfortable sharing them; nevertheless, aside from all my problems, I see no point in life, no intrinsic meaning. I despise life in all of its forms. I see us as cowards who submitted to their genes. Going on blindly and mindlessly. I see death as a perfect solution for all the misery and agony that life truly is. I hate how people fear it and I hate how I lack the constitution to suicide. I know that this just could be a defense mechanism, my brain decorating my misery; but it sounds very rational, at least to me.

Lately I have been researching methods of suicide, and settled on one of them which is very feasible for me and has a very high success rate. I have not tried or embraced anything yet; however, it is becoming more tempting. I keep imaging it and thinking about it all the time. Even when I am not feeling so sad, it just pops up so vivid and lucid, waiting for me. 

What should I do? Please do not tell me to talk to a friend or a family member, or seek an affordable therapy. I do not want the former and I cannot do the latter since I am broke.

I cannot believe I wrote all of this, I am not the loquacious type, I had an urge to select-all and delete, but I just clicked submit. Obviously. 


