I tried overdosing and I don't want my kids back.I'll try and keep this short. 

Been suffering for years with whatever I have. (I'm assuming bpd or bipolar)

I went out for the first time in years drinking Sat night as an "old friend" asked me out. I kind of knew it was a bad idea. I got drunk and at some point realised I lost my "friend" and bank card. I had no cash for a taxi and didn't know anyone else at the pub so decided to walk 9 miles home.

 Stopped at my ex's which was half way and he had our kids there staying.. he let's me in and I see some skanky bitch sitting on his sofa. I ran off crying and left my keys there.. proceed to walk home in the pissing down rain. 

I decide to take my life and phone a friend saying I was sorry. He came over straight away and my sister then took me to hospital, seen the crisis team and was put back on antidepressants and referred for therapy.

I go home and pretty much slept until Tues afternoon. I wake up and try overdosing on paracetamol. (Yeah bad idea I already knew how much it fucks your liver up). Spend all day in a+e having ecg's and blood tests, was put on 3 diff drips for total of 25 hours. More blood tests - liver is fine.. I see crisis team again, given sleeping tabs and I'm let out.

Go home, stare at the wall, cry, then decide to go to sleep. Same thing yesterday but also have an appointment with crisis in the afternoon..  I go tell them what's been happening and was basically made to feel like I was a spoilt, selfish cow. 

Go home, sleep. Wake up today and have a few friends and family messaging and popping in. I really don't want the fuss. I have no time to even reflect on what's happened or what's going to happen. I just want to be left alone.. but I know that's dangerous and so does everyone else.

Past week has been a blur. I haven't seen my kids or even asked how they are, they're still with my ex and I really don't feel like seeing them knowing my ex has moved on and I'm a useless c**t he doesn't want.