I think I might be destined to commit suicideI was raised incredibly well. Somehow my parents pushed through their problems for 18 years, and gave me an incredibly loving and healthy upbringing. To the point where even my siblings and I didn't know they had major issues.

Then, when I was 18 they announced they were getting a divorce, and I guess they just gave up on the facade. But the change in my family was so drastic and so fast that it was traumatizing. Suddenly everything started going wrong in my life. I figured out my mom is basically a sociopath and an awful person. My dad has major abandonment issues and his only emotion is stress, and not one of my old friends or siblings can properly deal with their own or anyone else's emotions. AT ALL.

My siblings were all younger than me though and, because of their age, it didn't affect them in the same way it affected me. I had just become an adult and was experiencing an entirely new area of life right when it started. It was a very pivotal point for me. And I was by far the closest person to my mom out of anyone in the family.

At this point, after 5 years of this, I'm in a place I never wanted to be and never thought I would be. But because I was raised so well, my mind deals with it so incredibly differently than the average depressed person. I feel and think things that most other people simply can't understand.

It feels like I have two different lives. As if I have two lives in two separate timelines. Even my past. It feels like I have two different childhoods. In a way, it feels like "healthy" people only relate to half of me, and depressed people only relate to half of me.

I had been considering suicide off and on for the past two years, but just yesterday I was put into a situation that is literally inescapable. I don't just feel hopeless. I literally feel like the best option is suicide. The thought of dying sounds kind of nice in a way. I imagine that I would live in a dream like state. You can't ever get tired of dreaming because of whatever it is that happens in your mind, so I think death would have a similar effect.

But because of my upbringing, I can't let go of life. Somehow it has done this to my mind. I have such a strong will to live, but I am subject to what feels like the worst possible situation in the world. Both of those effects are because of my upbringing. And it feels awful.

But the more I think about it, the more I think that in the end, I'll probably commit suicide.

Edit: To whoever downvoted me, thanks asshole. I wrote this whole post explaining how misunderstood I am, and the only thing you could think was "Wow, I'm so offended that I have to put you down to feel better about myself" (which I can only assume had something to do with my post sounded too "positive" for a depressed person, or for sounding "pompous". Cause apparently only having a SUBJECTIVELY "bad" life is a legitimate reason to want to commit suicide). People like you make me sick. Thanks for proving my point that I am misunderstood and ignored.

It's like you have no fucking perspective. You're like "I wanna put this person down cause his life is too good" But that's exactly the fucking reason I'm depressed! Because my life started out too good and now everyone is like "fuck you" because even though it's horrible now, somehow my childhood makes me a dick for being depressed.