How to communicateI'm too old for this shit, or at least that is what I have been told in the past.  Things seem really out of control right now.  It's like I am a scale and the scale is tipped WAY too far.  I don't know how else to handle things, where to turn or what to do and things seem to be just burying me.

I've been working hard the past year to get a job I really wanted.  Being a female in a dominated by male field I joined to prove shit.  I took on a MOS that I KNEW at the time could get me "outside the wire" that would earn the respect of my peers.  So I could be a real veteran.  I have worked hard in my job.  Being ADD and ADHD hasn't helped shit.  I will openly admit to being "smart" but not common sense great.  It can be very hard for me to focus.  Even harder for me to not act rashly or try to finish a job quickly for fear of being "judged".  

Lately everything has seemed like a black hole.  This dark place where I am trying to crawl out but just as often sitting in silence not even wanting to leave the dark.  I find myself leaving "happy situations" going from "these people are my family, my friends and I love them" to damn I think they might be just fine without me and I am not a key member of anyones group.  I slip away quietly I tell people "yeh I just went for a walk" when in reality I have gone off to sit with my pistol and rationalize if I really deserve to be here.  

I'm too afraid to turn to anyone.  Talking about feelings in the military is like a execution sentence.  Even more so for a female we are already seen as weak, this just makes a female pathetic as well. I find myself playing jokes and doing the "buddy" shit smiling at the right moments so no one notices just how bad things are.  Because I am terrified of anyone finding out I think about killing myself.  The big scare though was I started writing a letter last week.  I wrote a letter to my husband and my kids told them how fucking sorry I was for not being enough.  Told my platoon mates how I just couldn't get out of the dark it was like being in a room but the room had no door and one bed.  That eventually after you walk in circles again and again and again you get tired of trying and just want to sleep.  I just want to sleep.  Things are handled here, they took the one job I wanted and gave it to a male.  They took me from the one MOS I felt at home in and stuck me in a office.  They took my camaraderie and made it a "male only club".  And when I dared to say anything I became the bad guy the bitch, the whiny cunt just like they expected.  They came at me with cutting comments of not being good enough not being worthy enough and at this point I believe them.  The small digs that you are suppose to "suck up" and be strong enough to withstand have burrowed under my skin like chiggers and make me twitch with the small thoughts of "I am not enough".  I'm not smart enough, I'm not strong enough, I'm not fast enough, I'm not male, I'm not a real soldier, I'm not one of them, I'm not enough.  And in the end I am burying it all and just staying silent while on the inside I SCREAM I scream and scream and look desperately for anyone to talk to.  But there is no one, no one that gets it that can say "hey I HAVE YOUR BACK" and worse even if they do at this point I am not sure I believe it.

But no one is there, I've tried and it always ends with the same "stop complaining" "I didn't know you were a whiner" "it isn't that bad" "you'll get it next time" "I'm sure it isn't what it seems like" "females are equal so stop bitching" "what are you a feminist".   My mother didn't want me in this profession, my husband wants me out of it, my kids are miserable, my platoon mates have forgotten me, my command isn't listening, I'm sinking and I can't swim to get out.  The peace of drowning seems so much better then being here.

I've been holding off finishing that note by going back to cutting.  A part of me finds it isn't that bad I keep rationalizing that suicide "isn't the answer" or "if you just reach out" but I have I FUCKING HAVE how do you tell someone "hey I've tried to kill myself" and they haven't changed there opinion?!  It will it always does I'll seem weak and I am but fuck I don't know what to do I am so DAMN LOST.  

Hey go to the chaplain he is confidential yeh but to get to him I have to have a contact and guess who I have to ask.  Then they ask questions and I can't do it right now I can't tell them "I have a plan to kill myself".  Everything feels like it is so damn dark.  And how do you know who to go to, if I tell a fellow soldier what if they tell what if it becomes just one more juicy bit of gossip in the chain of shit around here.  I'll just be tomorrows whispered text or coffee chit chat.  "Oh did you hear yea she went to the chaplain probably just didn't want to do her job so she went crying to someone".  How does shit like that HELP?!  Then everyone wants to play said when someone does commit suicide.  Fuck I don't know what to do, WHAT THEY HELL DO I DO?!  I don't want to be in the dark, I have lived in the light I have ridden convoys joking with my brothers and sisters.  I have laughed on the line at night when we are all sleep deprived wondering WTF we got ourselves into.  How do I get back there I don't want to be in the dark I just want to be ok.  I don't want to keep writing this note, I don't want to carry my pistol with me to the woods and lie each morning "Yeh I just went for a walk" but I am so fucking tired.