Even though I have things in life that give me happiness my main desire is to dieLately...idk. I keep posting the same stuff regardless if it's here or on some other form of social media. Its like I can never escape. Im so tired of fighting and I say that every time but honestly? If someone robbed me I'd do everything I could to make them pull the trigger. If I knew death was an outcome of a couple choices I wouldnt make any effort to avoid it. I want to die. My depression is manageable until its not. I keep cycling thru episodes over and over. I dont know what I want to do with my life and I'm stuck at a dead end job. Ask anyone and they tell me to just go to college or find some trade school. Its simple for people who don't struggle so much with mental health. I see my world collapse and while I panic on the inside I just simply do nothing to stop it. I get scared in my relationship despite the fact that its absolutely amazing and I have a wonderful supportive and caring partner. Yet I still wish i was dead. I want to die. I hate my life and I hate that I cant become better. That. I dont have the drive to become better. I'm so exhausted. Yes I'm on meds yes I'm going to therapy but this fucking sucks. I'm so fucking tired of it all. So much stress so much worry. I want to be a kod where my biggest problems are missing a movie thats playing or a friend not coming over. I'm so fucking tired. And yet no one cares really. Its all the same. Im a broken record and no one wants to listen to my bitching. I keep it from my boyfriend as he has enough problems of his own. I get so possessive and jealous over him and I know thats not healthy. I fear I'm going to turn into some crazy psycho controlling girlfriend. I hate that. I hate feeling that way. Whenever he does something even remotely about another girl or something its like I get so angry and most times its not even that. I'm scared of myself. I worry about so many things. I cant trust anyone. I'm so paranoia filled and I hate myself. I'm getting fatter and while my boyfriend says he doesnt mind...his background is liking and knowing people who are cosplayers and nude artists and they have absolute pale skinny perfectly proportionate bodies and I feel so inferior no matter how many times I tell myself size doesnt matter. He constantly reassures me too and never pressures me and has unfollowed and stopped talking about them and completely loves me but I'm so fucking horribly insecure. I'm tan and I'm not that great looking and I'm getting fatter thanks to my meds and I feel so disgusted and horrible about myself. I try so hard to love myself but I end up seeing other girls and I compare myself. I have self harm scars all over. Its so ugly. I pretend to be confident when wearing a swimsuit but all I want to do is run and hide in shame. And when you're depressed its so hard to feel good about yourself. Ive stopped initiating sex because I am so disgusted by my own looks. 
I just hate myself, my life and my existence. My family and I arent on great terms either and they just moved completely to the other coast of my country without me. I'm so alone and afraid and I want to die so badly. Please...something or someone please help. Or kill me. I dont care anymore.