At first I was so terrified of getting the virus I took every precaution possible. Now life has gotten so unbearable for other reasons that I couldn't care less if I catch this thing and die.I was born with a fucked up heart. Survived a super rare virus as a baby that led to multiple blood transfusions and a lifetime of catching everything that came down the drain. I remember being the only one of my friends in high school to catch H1N1, and how I never felt physically worse. For two months I couldnt breathe, couldn't move, couldnt sleep and chugged tylenol sore throat straight from the bottle.   

  
So in January when I read what was happening in China my heart broke for all those affected. I couldnt stop worrying about it and everyone thought I was crazy. Now all these people who told me it was nothing to worry about are screaming "stay the fuck home" as if it were that easy. 

It wouldn't be so bad if I wasnt about to lose my kid too. He's autistic and got out the house a few weeks back. Now CPS is forcing home visits multiple times a week, berating me for fucking up like I don't already know how fucking stupid I am for taking out the trash at 9pm when I thought he was already asleep, only for him to slip out behind me.

I already had extra locks but now I have more, a deadbolt that you need a key to open both ways. 

I'm tired of being told I'm a bad mom. I'm tired of being told I'm not doing enough. I'm tired of having to watch my kid 24 fucking 7, stopping him from jumping on the sink and taking off his clothes and shitting on the carpet and flinging it all over the place. I'm fucking TIRED of hearing other parents complain about the absolute stupidest shit when my kid will never be able to take care of himself or tell me he loves me or understand danger. 

I have locks on the fridge. Locks on the pantry. Locks on the windows. My life is a fucking prison I want OUT 

CPS is coming tomorrow for another laugh at my expense. Another shot at pushing me off the edge. I wish them fucking luck because killing myself is the only end I see in sight and I'm over this labyrinth of suffering I'm ready to join my dead parents in the abyss of nothing waiting for me on the other side 


Throwaway cuz this is already humiliating as shit and I dont need another single fucking person telling me I deserve this