So alone and ready to goSo I thought since everything is going to hell in a handbasket  why not have a space for my own thoughts.

Life as it is has become at times unbearable.Were it not for my youngest son I would have quit ages ago.But now 

he is almost up and running,ready to fly the nest.In a very few weeks he will move in with friends and ready to stand on his own two feet.

Acording to my taxes we lived on £5600 last year.As of yesterday that has halved.So now we have £110 a week for the both of us.After paying rent,council tax,electric,fuel,internet and TV licence we have £28 left to feed,clothe ,pay for bus fares ect.

of course this has put me in a position like so many others.Hunger is a constant companion.

I have sold everything that could be sold,pictures,bedding,my bed,my clothes ,which were far too big anyway as I lost 4 stone on the austerity diet.I abhor the idea of going to the food bank.My ex tells my kids I am a lazy scrounger despite having worked almost all the time while raising 5 children.Only after moving us to a remote part of Scotland did I stop working.I had a nine month old baby when we moved there and the nearest village was 8 miles away.I do not drive .Yet I still made a garden,kept a cosy home,grew food,kept chickens ect.

Eventually for various reasons I had a complete breakdown ,leaving him saved my life and after working hard managed to restore my confidence,got healthy and raised a compassionate,smart and well educated boy.

But now I am out of strength,only holding on to make sure he is going to get of to a good start and have a support net of friends.

Some days I have hope that things might change.I volunteer and do unpaid jobs but having spent most of my life raising children and supporting my ex in building his company I have no qualifications 

I have skills,my garden is lush and fertile,my IT skills good,I speak several languages and am good at many things.But without paperwork and being told that at 48 I am to old for many jobs ,unpaid work is my lot.

I got nothing from my ex apart from several e-mail telling me how worthless I am.He sent letters to my father in law,brother in law and also used the children in a most abhorrent way to further destroy what little confidence I had left.

So I am looking at my future and only see destitution and poverty.He can keep his bloody money ,his cars,his companies,his face tax returns.Karma will surely one day kick in I hope.

I still get enjoyment from the beauty of the world surrounding me but hunger and worry have leached away any hope for a better future.

I mourn the loss of those I love the most,lies,manipulation and cruelty...........the loss of those I thought of as loved ones almost family hurt me the most.

So now I simply wait.Having sourced Nembutal,antiemetics and several barbiturates ,I feel that at the very least I have a choice to end my life with dignity at my own hand and a time of my own choosing.

The picture shows me several weeks ago,it was a good day.I still had hope but then I came to know yet more stories my ex had spread and I can not describe the feeling of sorrow that not a single one of those I love cared to find out the truth.

Maybe I am worthless and simply can not see it?

But looking at my youngest son raised by myself without much of his influence I did at least do one thing right.He is a good and smart person.Although quiet ,he has a big heart.
I used to have dreams,a home,going to college after the kids were grown a share of the years of work I put in to support my ex in building his wealth.
Now I go through skips to stretch our food.I have nothing left to sell and no money to start fresh.Though having found a place to rent I can not afford the moving costs nor furniture,clothing let alone bus fares or education.
I am so very very tired.And I will not beg for crumbs any longer.



