Tonight, for the first time ever, I'm genuinely wondering if I want to keep goingI'm 25. I've always been a pretty big time loner, and since my middle school years have been very prone to bits of depression and despondence. But tonight is the first time I've ever genuinely wondered whether or not I wanted to keep going. I've been trying to sleep for three hours but there's just no way. The thoughts are too strong.

I look at my own life: I have a college degree that I can't use in a field I don't enjoy. I'm stuck bagging groceries and don't actually aspire to do anything more. I have no one I'd consider a friend. My relationship with my family grows more and more distant as I begin to hate myself and withdraw myself more and more. I don't see anything to look forward to.

I look at the world around me: What a complete and total fucking mess. Pandemic panic, climate crises, ever worsening political polarization, rise in totalitarianism and Draconian policy worldwide. I just don't see a single god damn thing to look forward to.

More and more, I've been projecting my self hatred onto others. I view them as being like me: Lowlife failures whose lives aren't worth anything. I'm not deserving of love, assistance, attention, affection, or acknowledgement, and therefore neither are they. And I hate myself *a lot*. Hating everyone else that much is exhausting.

I could talk to a professional, but that's a tough one for me. When I was 14, I was struggling in class (because I hated myself back then to and wasn't trying) so my mom dragged me to a psychiatrist. On the spot, he diagnosed me with ADD and gave me an Adderall prescription. The third time I took it, I was rushed to the hospital with a seizure that was caused by the medication. This psych's solution was to see if my doctor could prescribe me a downer to go with the Adderall so that didn't happen again.

So since then, my trust in the entire healthcare profession is utterly non existent. I actively believe they try to harm their patients for profit. Opening up to a therapist won't be easy or productive I don't think. I'd view it as walking into a room with a live grizzly bear. I'm just waiting for the harm to come my way.

So, I hate myself a lot, don't feel like there's anything going on in the future that's worth looking forward to, and I feel just utterly broken. I desperately need a break from social media (that includes Reddit,) but unfortunately, I hate myself too much to do what's right for me. I'm not sure I deserve help or that a person like me is worth talking down. Maybe this'll pass. Who knows. But I've never felt this before.

I should be in the prime of my life in my mid 20's. But instead, all I can bring myself to do is sit in my room alone on my laptop. That's it. That's what I aspire to. I hate myself so much.