:)Hey guys, I’m not one that ever ever ever talks about my feelings but it’s now been years and I honestly can’t keep it in. I’ve got no one else to talk to and wanted to post on here as it’s anonymous.

Long story short is that I genuinely do not want to live anymore, but I am so afraid of death. For as long as I can remember I’ve been unhappy with my life for so so so many reasons.

My upbringing was horrible, alcohol mother who was never there for me growing up, always abuse and so on. Very hard when all my friends had such a close relationship with their mum. Besides this, I’ve always hated the way I look, like I can go on and on and on. I hate every bit of me and I’ve tried to embrace it for years but it never ever works. I’ve had my heart broken by best friends and my first love who is currently my best friend. I end up crying every night wanting to die but I’m so scared. Im just out of school and still have no idea what I want to do with my life and I feel like I’m so far behind from everyone else. Im not smart and don’t want to go to uni, which basically means there isn’t much I can do because I was never a straight a student. Besides from this I’ve never wanted to be a apart of a basic life, I’ve always known I was different and wanted something more. But living in Australia and just being me seriously holds me back from doing so. I work 2 jobs and barely any hours or money. For so long now I’ve been trying to get a proper junior job with my diploma of business but no body wants me. I want to live independently and work hard on myself but it just isn’t happenjng. I can’t even begin to start to get into detail with all the problems I have with my best friend, I know I should just leave him because of how he treats me but it is so hard and I’ve tried a million times. He drains me and I nearly killed myself over him that’s how bad it is. I have frjends but nobody who truely cares about me, constantly I’m asking people to hang out but I only get left on read or get told that the person is too busy to see me. My hobbies and interests and things that make me happy and far too expensive for the money I have and simply can’t be achieved. I want to be happy and want to help people around me but I genuinely can’t. I’ve wanted to volunteer for so many things like helping animals and helping the homeless but you have to be 18 to do so and it kills me. Honesty this is just the tip of the ice berg and I could go on for hours and hours and hours.


I guess I just need a friend, someone who actually likes me, constantly I try to think of ways to make new friends but I never think of any. I have major social anxiety and can’t go anywhere by myself, I no longer attend parties because I cry within the first half hour of being there because no one talks to me and I get left behind, even by those I think are my closest friends. I’ve try to cut negativity out of my life by leaving my fairly toxic group chats, meaning I isolated myself a bit. In saying this I have tried to make new friends and be the best person I can be but no one wants me, they talk for a bit but that’s it.

I fucking hate to look like I want sympathy and I’m so sorry if it’s come across that way but that’s not what I want it to be at all, I’ve just never let anything out and wanted to share what I had but in no way do I want anybody to feel sorry for me. I have had nicer things in life, like a nice home, education and so on and I am forever grateful for that but money doesn’t buy happiness, it’s relationships and family, and unfortunately I lack both very heavily

I’d be extremely grateful for any suggestions as to how I can over come these things and have a will to live, if you’ve made it this far I am so appreciative and grateful that you’ve taken the time out of your life to read my words, lots of love xx :))