All I wanna do is drink and smoke and stay in my bed until I die. 24(m) failure.Life expects you to work but when you are so broken and so numb it’s impossible. I’ve been getting so much shit lately for staying in bed and calling out of work but I’m just so over this life. I’m 24 and and so woke and just didn’t have a good childhood, depressed 12 years now. I’m left ultimately alone at this point, maybe see someone every few weeks. Shut people out. Whenever I force myself to do anything I usually need to drink to feel any emotion and not seem like a dead catatonic waste. All joy I got from anything is completely gone. the only reason I enjoy food is because we biologically need it. If I enjoy anything at all it’s beautiful sleep. I can sleep for days and not leave my room. I used to be so outgoing and hopeful but it’s all gone now. My antidepressants don’t work, and I can’t afford a therapist. I can get shit ones through my Medicaid but they just make me feel more alone and depressed. Fuck. I look out at the world and see the sunshine yes and see the trees and people but there’s this glass wall that’s always there. People are phony and fake and just don’t seem to feel the things I do. I CANT KEEP UP anymore. It’s this huge rat race that I just gave up in. My mental deterioration will never let me become successful (yet I still have no idea what I want to do) and it keeps me from forming normal relationships. I wake up every morning and just stare into nothing for hours and hours until I’m forced to get up to work with fake people. Even working 2 days a week is so exhausting. My mind is set on continuing to get worse and worse until hopefully I have the guts to just end this suffering. I realized we are keeping ourselves here but 23 out of the 24 hours I’m suffering, other hour I’m sleeping or watching a decent flick. I wanna drink and smoke weed and be left alone. But unfortunately you need money to do that. So I’m just forcing myself to survive for legit no reason... I’ve done nothing with my life except working serving jobs, drinking, and being selfish. I hate myself and my life. I’m not even looking for help I just neeeded a place to vent. Thanks for reading if anyone did.