I'm ready for bullets&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

The first thing I'd like to do is remind everyone that this life isn't

permanent. There's a good chance that if we were close, we will meet again, 

in the next life or even in this one. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sorry that I can't find the strength to continue in this life anymore, 

and I commend each and every person who struggles daily and would never

consider such a selfish option such as suicide. 

&amp;#x200B;

That being said, I believe this is my only option in the life that I've

so thoughtlessly molded into the stagnant existence I currently find myself in.

Best case scenario for the remaining portion of my life, I imagine as menial

and lonely. I don't work, I've lost confidence in my talents and abilities,

and I'm consistently scaring away people I long to be close to.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I'm so fucking lonely. SO SO FUCKING LONELY. I wish that just once, somebody

would've offered me a warm shoulder to cry on. Nobody has extended their love

to me in a long time, and even when I supposedly did have love, I found that

the hurt and pain will always last far longer than the warmth and kindness.

&amp;#x200B;

My parents were always amazing, I honestly never felt like I wished they were 

different somehow, never found myself envious of anyone else's parents, or 

their relationships with them. But at this point in my life, there's nothing 

more my parents can do for me. I've reached the point where I should be off

somewhere far away succeeding, where contact would be limited to holiday phone

calls and a once year Christmas card to let everyone know what a beautiful

family I have. Being stuck here with my mother as I have been has been 

severely debilitating. I've cut myself off from her almost completely in an

eerie disconnection that I can't seem to come back from. When I'm outside in

the world, things look different than they used to. I struggle to find

familiarity or warmth in any facet of civilization or society. People seem cold,

they are mostly... but I can be too, so I guess I understand.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

The same way I've always fantasized about a future in music, I've always found

myself fantasizing about a life that ended in suicide. Since my earliest

teenage years, I always knew this is how my life would end. A fallback option

of sorts. The ever present plan b tucked toward the back of my mind that could

always provide me with a sort of comfortable escape, come imminent failure.

I don't look at my suicide as an option by any means, it has always been

my fate. If I had found myself in a successful music career maybe things 

would've been different, but we all know even the super rich and successful 

aren't immune to the temptations of an easy way out.

&amp;#x200B;

I love my friends, they're great, I don't see them so much anymore, but the

love we've all had for eachother is ever-present and could always effortlessly

string the gaps of time together (i.e. we were always happy to see eachother,

no matter how much time had passed). I think I may have been dead a while ago,

if it weren't for the friends that I had. I have too many to list, so many

have impacted my life, and I just want you all to know that I'll be out there

somewhere, not so much watching over, but doing anything I can to help guide

the universe toward helping any of you feel better if you're down.

&amp;#x200B;

If I happen to get gunned down, I'd like to extend a sincere apology, and a 

heartfelt thank you to whichever officer(s) takes the shot(s). You were just 

doing your job and I'm sorry I put you guys in a situation that nobody wants to

be in. You need not feel guilt, for I am sick individual and the damages that 

I've caused to various people (mostly female) throughout my life, would make 

you feel like you've actually done the world a favor.

&amp;#x200B;

I am not a good person. There is darkness inside of me that almost anyone

would fear and resent. I absolutely deplore my sexuality and it's a huge

problem trying to make a meaningful connection with any female, when you feel

like you don't deserve to receive even the smallest amount of compassion. 

I don't deserve love, I don't deserve warmth, I don't deserve to be happy.

Obviously every single girl I've met in my first 28 years has felt the same.

I'm not expecting that to change if I stick around for 28 more. 

&amp;#x200B;

In summary, this is something I've been planning for a long time, ten or more

years. 

&amp;#x200B;

I don't blame anyone, but if I had to lay blame I might point towards

the female population in general. (I hope every girl I've spoke to in the past

ten years feels partially responsible, because they are).

&amp;#x200B;

I love you Mom and Dad you were the best parents ever, you didn't fail me,

I failed you. I love you so much, to the rest of my family too. There's no 

point in listing out all of the amazing memories I have here, hopefully you

can always share the good times we had with eachother, while you continue

to support eachother. I love you, Nana, Papa, Emily, Karen, Uncle Jeff, Austin, 

Meaghan, and of course the others who were there at one time or another.

&amp;#x200B;

Hopefully I'll soon be somewhere else where loneliness doesn't exist. 

There's nothing you can do for me, but maybe you can help make somebody else 

feel less lonely. You might save their life.