I’m telling myself it’ll get better but I don’t know if it really willHey. I’m 13 years old and I really need advice or something to help me with my situation. Sorry if this is all over the place. 

My family has always been the only thing I truly cared about in life. My life is basically family-oriented. About 2 years ago, we moved. That’s when I started realizing more about my parent’s relationship. They seemed more distant, but at the time I didn’t realize why. About 6 months ago they would start to fight constantly. I would always hear them yelling while I was in my room. Every time they got home from work. Nights always ended in tears, but in the morning I just pushed the thoughts down and went on with my day. 

I don’t want this to get long, so I’ll just go into what happened tonight. My mom came home about 2 or 3 hours after my dad did. She was visibly upset. She started yelling at my dad in front of my brother and I. She kept saying how he didn’t do anything to help. Later, (about 15 minutes ago) she came into my room and saw that I was upset with her. She asked why I thought my dad was so perfect. I said I didn’t, and asked why they didn’t just talk things out. She got mad and said she’d been trying for years, and  talked about how she wanted to be with someone who made her happy. A week or so ago they were fighting and she told me that if it wasn’t for my brother and I, she would’ve left my dad already. 

I want my parents to be happy, but I’m mad at them. Why can’t they just have a conversation? Why do they have to yell and fight every time they talk? I’m going to be honest, I don’t know what I live for. I’m trying to give myself until December for things to get better, but I’m deciding whether or not I should end it all now. I’m not happy. I’m so stressed out and I don’t know what to do. The things I enjoy doing just don’t seem to help. I feel like it’s all a waste of time. It feels like no one really cares. I don’t even think my friends do. I don’t feel like I belong. 

Please help.