I Think My Boyfriend is Going to Attempt Suicide.This sub doesnt allow crossposting so I literally copied and pasted it from r/relationship_advice (which probably wasnt the best place to post it but I'm kind of freaking out)

He doesn't have a reddit account so I cant direct him here.

My boyfriend has Borderline Personality Disorder, he's been unwell and suicidal in the past but he's never explicitly stated he was going to act on it.

Last night he asked me to pick him up at 11pm and drive him somewhere so he could vent. He told me he wanted to die and asked me how much it would affect me. We've only been officially dating for a month but we've known each other and been a constant in each other's live's since last July 2018.

&amp;#x200B;

An hour ago he sent me a snapchat telling me (and likely other people he chose to send it to) that "tonight isthe night"  and thanking me for my friendship. I called him ASAP and he's refusing to talk to me over the phone but is responding to my messages. He's telling me he was just moody and drunk and that he wont do anything but I can't trust him 100%. I've contacted his brother and told him but he said "he seems fine" and that he has "plans from 8-9pm" so he cant keep an eye on my boyfriend all night.

&amp;#x200B;

He's refusing my offers to come over or to pick him up. He said he's going to hang with a friend. Should I tell his friend what's going on? I know my boyfriend would be pissed if he found out. He's so good at hiding how he feels.

 I don't know what to do. I've offered everything I can. I feel so lost. 

I'm not sure calling emergency services is my best bet. He's very private and he'll be furious if I do. There's a chance he'll kill himself out of anger or spite. He can be like that. He's private and doesn't want his family and friends knowing. I'm worried he'll withdraw and hurt himself if I emergengy services rock up. I mean fuck, I'm hesitant to message his friend and ask him to keep an eye on him.

&amp;#x200B;