Ready to just be dead...probably better for everyone if I was - not suicidal thoughI hope it's alright to post here. Don't really know where to go. I'm not suicidal so I want to get that right off the table. I used to be 10 years ago, but not anymore. Can't really explain why, but I'm just not.

I'm just done with life. I've spent most of my life looking at things I've done and realized I was a huge failure. Pretty much no matter how much I try, I'm just a fuck-up. That's it. I fuck everything up. I make life more difficult for everyone around me.

Supposedly, the doctors have figured out the issue. Something is wrong in my head and there's nothing they can do about it. It means I'm always tired. I have a hard time focusing. I'll forget pretty much everything I'm told or that I read. I make shitty decisions because of the focus and forgetfulness. 

These were all things I thought were in my control. I just hadn't figured out exactly what the issue was. But, now I'm told that there's nothing I can do about it. I have an issue, but it's still being researched. 

I think the worst part of this is that it puts an undue burden on others, especially my wife. I've been a shitty-ass husband. I've been a shitty-ass son, a shitty friend, and my biggest fear is I'll be a shitty father to my boys.

What the fuck am I to do? If I realized 5 years ago that I had there was an non-treatable and incurable condition that would keep me like this and would probably get worse with age, I never would've gotten married. My wife deserves better than that.

So, now I think....if something were to happen to me, it's actually not the worst thing that can happen for me or for my family.

Yeah, I get it. It would be tough for my kids. And I think about how difficult it would be without a dad. But, I also can't decide which is worse: no dad, or a shitty dad. At least I couldn't fuck up their lives.

I try to be better. Try to do what I should. Try to be successful and be a good husband and a good person, in general. But every fucking attempt is failure in one form or another.

I'm just tired. And I'm tired of all this shit and I'm tired of being a disappointment and knowing my wife regrets being with me.

I'm ready for death. I won't go looking for it, but I can't help but think that it would be better for others if I just slipped away one day.

And, yet, there's a part of me that can't give up. I can't just sit in a slump feeling sorry for myself. I will keep trying because it's who I am and what I do. I hate being called lazy. It's the worst thing, but that's what I'm called every day...all because of something that I can't control. So, I'll keep pushing myself.

This is just a vent. Something to get off my chest. My wife isn't very sympathetic. So, talking to her is a waste of time. And before anyone jumps on her, I don't blame her. If I had to put up with the bullshit she's had to for the last few years, I probably wouldn't be sympathetic, either. I've been a horrible ass, and I deserve it. 

Thanks for listening to my stupidity.
