I think the camel's back is breakingMy life is pretty good - I have a supportive family, a sweet boyfriend, and good grades, but I can't get the thought of dying out of my head. I don't know what's wrong with me. I just make all these stupid little mistakes that I don't think past me would have been bothered by but now all I can do is think about them and how I could have done better. I would feel better about this if I actually learned from my mistakes, but I don't. Just today, I was  listening to someone I know tell my class about how her friend broke their patella. Another girl asked 'like human friend or the dog' which everyone laughed at because we are in a vet tech program, so it's almost always about dogs, not humans (in the moment it was funny, though it probably isn't very funny in hindsight). Then the girl said "no, the human. It happened in a motorcycle accident. I would hope it wasn't the dog" so i got a mental picture of a dog riding a motorcycle and couldn't help but laugh. Immediately afterward, some chick said "that's not funny" almost under her breath and I think she was directing it at me. I felt so awful, I wasn't even sure what to do except say nothing and look away. It's just little mistakes and breaks in social norm like that that make me feel like giving up. I tell myself every day that "today will be the day I won't make any mistakes", but it never make good on my word to myself. I know in retrospect my issue is I should just not set such high goals and I should be okay with making mistakes, but I can't seem to do that. I don't really know what to do anymore. I miss the days that I was carefree and ignorant to what an idiot I am.

I was having suicidal thoughts about a year ago. I was on birth control and I believed that was what was giving me those thoughts so I stopped taking them. It seemed to work, but then the depression started slowly coming back. I had hoped it was the medicine - something I could blame all my problems on - but now I don't know. I think I'm just broken. 

Quite recently, I lost my favorite rat in surgery. Before his death, I had been getting better at controlling my depression, but now everything is spiraling out of control. He was my ESA, and the sad part is, I caused his death. He was going in for a routine neuter, but he had a respiratory infection I was treating with antibiotics. I was worried about him,  so we asked the vet if he would be alright for surgery, and he said yes. I should have went with my gut and waited, but I didn't and it caused my baby boy to die. I remember telling him it would be alright and I would see him that night, before kissing him on the nose before my boyfriend took him in that morning. 

The vet told us over the phone that he suspected it was mucus that clogged his airway, presumably from the respiratory infection he had. It's just so hard knowing I could have saved him by going with my gut. As a vet tech to be, it is especially disheartening. I'm meant to save animals, and I didn't use any training I have been given to make the right choice. I just don't know if I really want to deal with this anymore. I don't think anything happens after we die, so I figure it isn't that big of a deal to die a little early. I won't matter in the grand scheme of things. If anything, everyone would be better off without me. My boyfriend wouldn't have to put up with my depression, my mother wouldn't have to deal with me wanting to bring new foster animals into the home, and the owners of animals that I treat in the future won't be subjected to the possibility of me killing their animal because of a mistake. My boyfriends parents would be especially thrilled since they aren't very fond of me and want my boyfriend to be with someone else who is more social.  Me being gone would make life easier on everyone. The worst part is I don't want to feel this way. Logically, I know I'm just letting my depression talk for me, and that people would be upset if I died (except my boyfriends parents. I'm almost certain they are out to get me haha) I want to be at peace with myself, but I'm afraid I don't know how. It was nice writing all this out. I'm very appreciative to have a sub that allows me to vent and speak my mind. Thank you in advanced for anyone who manages to read through this ramble. 