Having a pity party.The first thing that runs through my head whenever something bad happens to me, no matter how slight, is suicide. It's like I'm waiting for an excuse to off myself. I'm worried that one of these times, it'll push me over the edge and I'll finally do it. Anyone else feel like that? I mean, it gets really tempting sometimes, like tonight. So clearly, something bad happened tonight, which is why I'm here. I got into an argument with my family earlier, regarding the safety of my dog and cats, who are one of the only reasons I'm still here. I was worried that another dog in my house would hurt them and I brought up these worries only to be yelled at. They treat me like I'm stupid and like I don't know anything at all. They treat me as if I'm the worst person in the world and I'll have all of my flaws shoved back into my face. Trust me, I know I have flaws. I don't want to hear about them from the people I love. I love them so much, but it also hurts so much. I feel bad saying these bad things about them and pointing out their flaws after just pointing out them doing the same to me. Make sense? Easier just to sat I'm a hypocrite. They're good people though, honestly. I know I make it seem like they're not, but they are and it's my fault I'm treated the way I am. I made bad decisions in the past and used to do horrible things. I try to be a good person now and I know that I fail at that sometimes, I understand that, but I'm trying really damn hard. The entire world looks at me as though I'm inferior. So, maybe I am. Maybe I don't matter after all. Maybe I should kill myself. I might. My family would probably be happy to see me go. Everyone would. I always talk about that breaking point and I might've actually hit it tonight.

To my dad, Grandma, my brother, and my dog and cats, if you ever see this, I'm sorry for writing the things I did. I love you. I love you so much.

I'm sorry I'm all over the place in my writing. And I'm sorry this is so long. Like I said, it's a fucking pity party. My anxiety is through the roof and I'm so upset and I don't know what to fucking do. And it's my dad's birthday, I shouldn't desperately want to kill myself on my dad's birthday. Coincidentally, it's also the last day of my first semester of college. It should be a really happy day shouldn't it? But instead I'm strongly considering killing myself. And I feel horrible for that.