It only gets worse from hereI'm currently stuck in the middle of the worst crisis I've ever had.
I have never done particularly good in school and I've never been a social butterfly. I'm not very attractive, smart, funny, or interesting. I'm actually a very angry, cruel, stupid, pathetic, jealous individual. I've been horrible to my parents and to my friends of which I don't have many. I've never been in a relationship or even been close to being in one. I've never been to a party. I've been seriously depressed for years, probably due to the amount of bullying and mistreatment I experienced from Kindergarten all the way up to my freshman year of highschool taking a massive toll on my self worth. I came close to getting help once but it ended up falling through in a traumatic way and now I can't talk to my parents or anybody else for that matter about my problems. I'm at the point where every night I cry myself to sleep and every morning I wake up anxious and exhausted. I find myself close to crying in school, almost randomly at home, out in public, etc. I don't look in the mirror because I don't want to see how ugly I am, and I try not to look at anybody else either because seeing anybody attractive just reminds me of how bad I look. I hate it when anybody looks directly at me or tries to speak to me. I try not to talk because I always say something stupid.  

Art was my only refuge for years -the one thing I was good at and something I wanted to make a living with. When I got a bad test grade or when I was bullied or when I was just very depressed, I could comfort myself by reminding myself that at least I had my art and that gave me some pride. But I've slowly begin to dislike it more and more and realize that I was never as good as I was lead to believe. I see people my age (16/17) getting big in the art scene already -being invited into special programs, gallery openings, magnet schools- meanwhile any accolades I've gotten have been small and ultimately meaningless. My skills are amateurish at best and nobody seems to really give a shit about my work one way or the other. My brain is too wound-tight (best way to describe it) and clouded all the time for me to come up with any original or interesting ideas. I imitate other people's art styles because I can barely formulate my own and it makes me feel like a fraud. The one thing I thought I was put on this Earth to do and I'm worthless at even that. Now I have absolutely nothing. I used to roleplay online to escape how truly awful I felt about myself and my life -this being my only other hobby- but through a series of events I won't go into I was pushed out of that recently as well.

I have no self-esteem and the realization that I'm about to have the worst quarter academically I have EVER had -in my junior year of high-school no less- has only made things exponentially worse. I was never an exceptional student anyway and I feel like this destroyed any hope I had before for even getting into a good school like my mom, her sisters, or my cousins did. The realization about my art only made matters worse.

I wish I had at least one thing going for me: that I was smart or pretty or funny or kind or sociable or at least had a decent sense of self worth. I'm doomed to a life of mediocrity, of barely scraping by, of being lonely and worthless and a disappointment and I know it. I only see myself living to 30 maximum before I end up dead of suicide or a drug overdose or something. I'll never make myself proud, and more importantly; I'll never make my family proud, which is all I really wanted to do in this life. Every single time I walk home from school I look at the road and think about jumping into traffic, or jumping off the third floor stair platform in my school. I am more angry, sad, and miserable than I have ever been in my entire life. I've wanted to kill myself before -I've TRIED to kill myself before- but I have never ever in my life felt pain like the pain I'm feeling right now. Since I was 12 I've been telling myself that I can't die because I have the future to live for, but the truth is that the future is right now and things have only gotten worse. The only reason I'm not dead yet is because I don't want to hurt my parents by killing myself, though I only continue to disappoint them in life so I'm between a rock and a hard place.

I feel like the world is telling me to just end it now because if I keep going things will only get worse and worse. I'm nearly certain college will kill me if my senior year doesn't.
Sorry for the length of the post.