Fought to survive, now wish I'd diedA year ago this month my mental health slid and I became psychotic due to the sheer amount of stress in my life, my kid brother was abusing his kids, my mother was hooked on meth and prostituting herself to afford it, I was struggling with PTSD from being assaulted, my mothers drug addict boyfriend kept asking me for money, I had gotten involved with my partnered boss who then overworked me to the point I became physically ill with exhaustion after I started to stop fucking him, my grades were slipping at University and the school work was piling up around me, then I couldn't sleep for over a week, was throwing up, couldn't keep any food down, quit my job which left me in debt with afterpay and zip pay I couldn't afford to pay off. With all this stress I started to lose touch with reality, it started with panic attacks and paranoid delusions about what condition I might have that would cause me insomnia, vomiting, dizziness, headaches, joint pain, and feeling pressure in my head. I began going to the hospital via ambulances, thinking I had diabetes, thinking I was having a stroke, all kinds of stuff. Eventually they kept me in overnight, where I started to have seizures. I had these seizures for days and the hospital ran several tests but when nothing conclusive came back, they assumed I was faking it due to my obvious mental health issues, and discharged me. After than I barely ate for weeks, and my partner and his wife and children (we were polyamorous) came to visit. At this point I hadn't eaten in so long that I was rapidly losing weight, I'm talking kilos in days, and felt absolutely euphoric due to my body breaking down the fats trying to survive, they realised that I was close to death, and was progressively getting worse mentally, refusing to eat, talking about the Greek gods and Jesus, convinced my third eye had opened and that fifth dimensional beings were trying to communicate with me, thinking I was some kind of saviour, talking about how I was so grateful I was going to be rewarded so young (with death). I was really lost. But in my state I was convinced I was going elsewhere, going to travel space and be free of the constraints of my physical body. They took me to the hospital where I spoke to a Christian friend of mine, an elderly woman I had met in the weeks previously who had happened to visit the night they were taking me to hospital. In the waiting room I spoke to her, convinced she was God, and asked to see space after I had passed, to which she said "we will get you sorted out here, then we will go together." In hospital I spaced out for four days, there's simply four days I do not remember being on Earth, but instead remember traveling through dimensions, traveling through space, seeing so much with these fifth dimensional beings. At the end of it there was a final test to be with them, which I failed, and woke in the hospital. Going through my Snapchat history it was evident I had been lucid here and doing things I simply don't remember. After a few days in the hospital I got a lawyer and had myself released. Then, because of my behaviour in the weeks prior to my hospitalisation, I was evicted from my home. Then I went to live with my partner and his family. I lived there for three months. During this time I experienced so much. There was so much I can't explain, but the gist was the fifth dimensional beings wanted me to be with them, but I fought against them for MONTHS, to remain with my partner. Once I was about 60% lucid after being put on antipsychotics, his wife pressured me to move out into my own house. For months again I struggled, and my partner saw me less and less, due to pressure from his wife to remain at home during COVID. A short time ago she gave him the ultimatum, it was the wife  or the girlfriend. He picked her for the sale of the kids, but continued to see me, sext me, and fuck me in secret. All the while he has been trying to pick between us, but every time he gets close to picking me, he backflips and decides to stay with her. So here I am, alone, wishing with every fibre in my body that I had just died this time last year, and been free to see space, and experience all that the next life has to give, instead of here, alone, fucking hating myself. I'm too much of a coward to kill myself on purpose as much as I wish I were dead. It was only because of my psychosis that I got so close and realised that death is what I've wanted for years. How I wish I were dead... more than anything.  I wish I was free.