Need advice, I feel stuck in a hopeless situation.I don't know how to describe the amount of problems I'm currently facing without creating a massive block of text to read. I'll try to describe everything important to my situation as briefly as I can, but its going to be a lot, sorry, none of this is simple. I'm 24, single, have a bachelor's degree and work third shift for minimum wage. I live at home with my parents, and have only had 1 relationship which lasted about 6 months, did not have any relationships until I was 23. This is mostly due to lack of confidence and being overweight for the majority of my life, amongst the other issues I'll list in a second. I developed a severe panic disorder early in high school, leaving me incapacitated and drugged out of my mind by doctors for 2 years, most of which I cannot even remember anymore. Despite my panic disorder and chronic depression, I managed to get through school and get through college, it has been an extremely exhausting decade, and I feel really worn out from life for someone who is so young. I've been on almost every medication you can imagine but they are out of options, there's really nothing left they can prescribe me and they suggested shock therapy, I obviously declined, and at that point I left and never saw a psychologist again. Right now I'm just taking paxil, which has been the only successful medication, helping reduce my anxiety and panic attacks. Anyways, I've contemplated suicide for many years but always kept moving forward, but these last few months I've really crashed. I would consider myself a severe suicide risk at this point, having far surpassed fantasy, and finding suicide a very real possibility for myself. So here are the main reasons I'm suicidal and things I need advice on:

1. I'm extremely envious of other people living normal lives, and having relationships. Specifically sex, I didn't lose my virginity until I was 23, and every time I see people together, or hear my friends bragging and discussing their sexual prowess, I'm filled with anger and envy, which turns quickly into self hatred and regret. I cannot describe to you how intensely painful these feelings are for me, feeling rejected, feeling like I've wasted my past, feeling like a looser. The worst part is, I cannot fix this situation in the short term. I live my parents and work third shift, my hours got cut and I'm fucking broke because I make hardly any money and I spend a significant portion of my paycheck seeing an escort once a week. I do this because I've found it to be the only way to temporarily cure my envy, it was the only thing I could do that made me feel like I was normal, I was getting to do what other people were doing, not to mention nobody ever touches me, so having the human contact fills some really deep emotional distress, even if its just for a couple hours. Problems with this were like I said, I'm broke and can't afford it, and secondly its extremely risky behavior, risking disease and also this is only a temporary cure that only lasts a few hours. Recently this hasn't helped anymore, I still feel like I'm fucking worthless because I can't actually get anyone to care about me without money. What girl is interested in a guy with no money, who doesn't have an outgoing personality, and lives with his parents? Not to mention my weight, which has become absolutely terrible, I quit smoking and gained 50 pounds. I am not allowed to smoke anymore for a few different reasons, firstly I'd get kicked out of my house and second of all its terrible for my panic attacks. I have no energy to go outside and exercise, since my paxil makes me sleep 12-18 hours a day. It is not uncommon for me to go to bed after work, and wake up and leave immediately for work again. 
2. I have a bachelor's degree in sociology which is essentially useless. I feel like I hardly learned anything, despite graduating with honors. I have basically zero job prospects, and I've been stuck working third shift at a gas station for almost a year filling out probably a hundred applications. Not to mention, the limits my panic disorder still puts on me, preventing me from working in certain environments. So I can't afford to live on my own, technically I could get an efficiency but I would be extremely poor, and I'm guessing its an unrealistic thing to do since I'm so unhappy with the amount of money I have now WITHOUT paying rent. If I had to pay rent, I'd be totally fucking miserable. I need a new job with more money in order to get out of this house, where I have an extremely abusive father, but I see no options anywhere.
3. The panic attacks and chronic depression limit my life in many ways. I'm agoraphobic, I cannot go anywhere maybe past 60 minutes of my house without having a panic attack, which isn't too bad, but still very damaging. Not to mention the self fulfilling prophecy of taking a girl out on a date and having a panic attack, it doesn't matter how kind and loving I am, I'm not confident and no girl is going to want to care for me like this. I get that, I don't blame them. 

Kinda tired of typing this but I would like to hear if anyone has any advice/ideas. I feel I have absolutely nowhere to go, and my crashes seem to get worse and worse. The envy is probably the most damaging aspect of all of this, when I see my friends with their girlfriends or even strangers together, I fucking lose it. I'm at my breaking point here, I don't think anyone takes me seriously which is the worst part of this, because I'm very serious about doing this. 