Hey guys. Male 18. Not happy with my life anymore. Almost a year ago now my 4 year relationship went into "break mode" Since then it slowly crumbled apart and about 2 weeks ago I gave her an ultimatum. I told her I can't wait any longer. She said sorry then. (A little nicer of course.. but still hurt just as much) Since then I've been doing nothing with my life but trying to think of ways to get her back. We still talk occasionally.. But she is constantly working so It's kind of rare.. I'm just left alone with my thoughts.. For almost a half a year now I've been having suicidal thoughts. I.. don't think I could ever go with it because I've always thought of myself as a logical person.. and I usually problem solve pretty efficiently. But they've been escalating pretty bad lately.. I can't get them out of my head. I keep thinking of doing it.. and some nights it comes to the point where the only reason I don't is because it would hurt her and my family.. I really need help. I want to talk to a therapist or something about what is happening to me.. But I'm too scared to do it. Plus I don't think there are any in my small town. My father is the "redneck toughguy" sort and my mom to put it nicely is.. kind of stupid and would do nothing but freak out so I can't really tell them. I've always been kind of independent anyway.. and never involved them much with my problems.

I don't have any enthusiasm for life anymore. I haven't for a very long time. All the days blend together and nothing is interesting to me. I wake up, do random chores for my dad to help pay for college (usually automotive related.. which I abhor) and then get on my computer and hope that she'll get on just for 5 minutes so I can tell her once again that I love her and miss her. But she doesn't really care.. and me overwhelming her is just pushing her further away. I'm not happy with myself. My life was starting to go uphill before this happened, and now I'm further down than I've ever been before.

I don't know what to do. I need help. I can't keep living like this. I hate myself. I hate her for selfish reasons. I hate my life. Most of my friends are 4 hours away where my uni is and the others are spread about the state in their various colleges for summer classes. I don't know if I can keep this miserable boring life up for much longer.