just venting about being poorbeing poor is enough to make me wanna die every day. i can't afford healthcare over minor shit that anyone would just go to the doctor for. like i got ringworm from a litter of kittens i was helping take care of and now its all over my arms and my legs and i can't afford a second doctor's visit let alone the expensive ass pills. it's making me miserable because i don't want to spread it to my family and my kitten (again. i feel bad because he slept in my bed before i showed signs and he got it a week after i did.) and i don't want to go back to school looking like this because i already get enough shit for being a freak. 

see, something that's an annoyance or at worst, frustrating to others is a fucking nightmare for me. it's also probably because i take everything really hard and i always see things as the worst so i don't get disappointed later on. but believe me i tried being positive. it just didn't work.

not to mention everyone is a condescending dick to you when you have no money. it's like they can't comprehend how you wouldn't be able to just pull money out of your ass to go to the doctor or anything like that. or they think that it's all your fault because god forbid you own a cheap ass phone or laptop. 

it hurts when people assume you and your family don't work or try to do the best you can to get out of being poor but it's just so goddamn expensive to be alive these days. i'm not even interested in living in the first place. it just sucks feeling this way and having people you know treat you like you're lesser because of it. i'd love to get out of here (and ideally live away from my family; while they're ok at times they're ... very unpleasant to live with and it contributes to a lot of my thoughts) and go to college and pursue my dreams of becoming a lawyer, that's if i get a full scholarship. life's unfair and i just wanna opt out, you know?

anyway, if you read this thank you for listening to my word salad. i haven't slept all night and my mind is all over the place, but it does make me feel better to say this somewhere instead of just keeping it all to myself and marinating in it.