I’ve had a feeling for a while now, this life was always meant to be miserable and that it would end in a similar note but, is it avoidable?TW: some terms that might be delicate

Hey everyone happy holidays
Not a very orthodox opening for a post on this sub, isn’t it? Ha, anyways....I’ll go straight to the point listing the main stuff so it gets more readable(?) 

📍I’ve been suicidal since like august with waves of it coming and going in different intensities. I am diagnosed with depression and GAD, got off meds this year .
📍The way I see life, lives have -in lack of a better term-purposes...like, maybe in this life you are meant to thrive and be happy or to have a hard road to the top but with a good lesson learned, or if you are like me, you are just a background character, someone meant to be unhappy, because there also has to be unhappy endings in the world you know? 
📍My life from the beginning has been a sad story, I’ve move past every happy/mentally positive philosophy there is, saying that it’s all up to you to be what you want, maybe I am just meant to be a sad person with a shitty life and a pathetic ending, and I’ve accepted it.
📍However, from time to time, I wonder if that’s actually not true, if maybe my life will not end in misery of on a sour note because no matter how hard I try every time I try to look into what the future might bring, I see myself still being unhappy and eventually taking my own life.
📍is it maybe a final silver lining? A trick my brain plays on me based off it’s own survival instinct? I know it might be. A lie, something my brain makes in order to avoid self destruction....but, what if it isn’t? Maybe it’s something else from within me that knows it doesn’t necessarily have to be a sad story.
📍As you can tell it’s a very conflicting flow of ideas that keep me confused and in the border of being “I might be ok” and “fuck it, I’ll cut the story short and slit my arms tonight”  so yeah.....I just wanted to share that.

Do you guys have similar thoughts? 
Just thought I might share it....idk 
I hope this doesn’t get deleted I still don’t know when moderators think something is wrong or wrongly tagged or whatever the terms are....