Hate myself and want to die and I'm probably a bad person anyways   I'm just tired of life physically and emotionally. I feel too weak on most days to even enjoy 20ish year old things that people do. Mentally I'm exhausted and can't handle my self hate and mental prison. I felt unloved my entire life. My dad was a drunk and it was obvious that my birth was an inconvenience that stopped him from doing what he really wanted to do in life since he never really cared. My mother was just really emotionally cold and distant. I never really had any solid friends and it was clear growing up that girls never really found me attractive. I've failed out of college multiple times, I have no talent, and no ambition. I don't believe in myself at all anymore. What is the point of living at 21 years of age with no goals that I believe that I can achieve.
   I'm also a terrible person who probably should die before becoming a bane on humanity. I never really learned to care about other people. It is a horrible admission but whenever I hear of stories like Columbine or Sandy Hook a sinister side of me hears the news in cold satisfaction. I want the world to burn. That's terrible isn't it? I don't really know what love is, only hate, anger, and jealousy. I'm also a shallow bastard. I don't want any kids I have to feel unloved so I have high standards in the appearance of women. I'm a judgmental person in general too and judge people by how society judges them because society judges me. I have come to believe that some people are worth more than others and I apply this belief in my thinking every day. I have all of these feeling and I believe I'm too old now to make any meaningful changes to my final personality. It just seems to be the way I am. 
   I've thought about ways in which I want to die. I want to just become a heroin junkie and just fuckin die someday. People will think I'm a loser but I don't care. I always knew I was a loser so I wouldn't feel any different and their scorn shall not turn my head. There's also shooting myself in the head. It's pretty easy to get a gun where I live.  So yea y'all probably think it would be better if I killed myself because the world doesn't need people like me and feeling anger/hate is uncomfortable in itself even if I want to feel that way. 