Having a hard time finding a reason to keep goingI’ve been living in Oakland on and off the last few years. I moved into my current place last October, and I’ve experienced nothing but bad luck since. First month I had my car broken in to, and the battery stolen. Okay at least I got the car back in February after all repairs. I met someone that same month, and was very much into her. In the time we were together she lost her very awesome job and her very nice house. I stuck by her through it because I cared about her, and knew she needed some kind of support. 

In this time I also lost my cat, and our family dog. Comparatively they are not equal I suppose but still very difficult situations to deal with. 

Things between me and this person I was seeing started to go bad. When I brought up things that made me upset or uncomfortable to her she would turn it around to invalidate my feelings. It was like any issues I had with her were my problem because it’s my feelings that were hurt. Taking zero responsibility for her actions. She would also say our relationship had nothing but tragedy in it even though she was dealing with most of the bad situations. I did nothing but support her through it, so I felt incredibly hurt when she said that. It didn’t feel great to have to cut the relationship. When things were good between us it was good but the times she made me cry were not easy to forget. We broke up two days ago.

Yesterday was the cherry on top of my frustrations; I went out to my car so I could buy groceries, and I discovered my car was missing. After filing a police report my car was found behind a gas station completely torn apart on the inside. Also the battery was stolen again. This time though because they hot wired the car it completely destroyed any chance for repairs. The ignition was gutted, and I couldn’t even put the car in neutral. So now my only car I’ve ever owned sits in a car lot waiting to see if it’s even worth the trouble. 

I’m so frustrated with how my life is going. No car or partner anymore. My roommate might as well not exist because he is gone for months at a time. While I do enjoy having the apartment to myself I am alone without a close friend. We’ve been friends since high school so I actually know the guy. 

I have a decent job at least but now without my car I’m going to have major financial struggles with transportation. My job starts at 5 AM but the train doesn’t start until that time. So now if I want to be on time I’ll have to take ride shares which are not cheap. I don’t make a lot of money so this is definitely going to be an issue.

I feel like some cruel invisible force is choking me, and laughing at my pain. Like someone is saying “here, take a small piece of something good. Now that you’ve had your spoonful, have a heaping bag of shit so you’re reminded how things actually are.” 

I’d be a lot happier if I died in my sleep. Dealing with these awful people who keep fucking with my car isn’t worth it. Paying a ridiculous amount of money for a shitty apartment isn’t worth it. Living in the bay area will probably kill me. I have no options. I feel so powerless.