What is the point anymore? How do I escape my childhood and this prison in my mind? Nothing can change the past.I have thought about killing myself and what it would be like to be dead since I was 6 years old- on a daily basis. I told my parents that I was depressed when I was 8 or 9 and they said, "You don't seem depressed to me, I think you are fine. Do you even know what it means to be depressed? I replied with I want to kill myself and they said everybody feels that way sometimes, just wait a bit and you will be fine. I even asked to go to counseling, they never considered it despite the fact my mother had a shrink and both my parents went to marriage counseling.

I grew up in a small town, very small. My parents were the newcomers, and I feel as though this is why many kids ignored me and singled me out at school, while with their group of friends of course. Many of them were related to each other and lived close whereas I lived 15 miles out of town. I was a 100% straight A student growing up, I never got a grade lower than a B from first through the end of Jr high. The teachers all loved me.

My mother verbally abused me constantly as a child. She would tell me horrible untrue delusions about other people including my father (who made all the money while my mom stayed at home.) She constantly would tell me what an angel my little brother was who was 5 years younger and how he turned out so much better than me. I got the blame for everything. I had to do all of the chores, including take care of my brother when my mom was too drunk. She would buy me nice things (with my dad's money) and then randomly come up to my room (in an alcohol stupor) and tell me what an undeserving ungrateful bitch I was. And how most other kids were probably better and didn't make their parents so unhappy. I just didn't want to spend time with my mom for obvious reasons, so I avoided her. She was always comparing me to other kids. At one point when I was 8- in my room playing video games, she stormed in and took away my television and Nintendo and gave it to my brother who was 3 and barely knew how to play games at all- saying he deserved it more. This was because she called me down for dinner and when my brother went down first, she asked him what I was doing and he told her video games.. that was it, I didn't misbehave or anything, I just waited 2 extra minutes before going downstairs.


 I was actually a very good kid and I listened to my parents and did my chores and homework without being told. All of these episodes occurred while she was extremely drunk, falling down drunk.. while my dad was not at home. She was angry at him, and took it out on me because she had no adult friends to talk to. This all happened from the ages of 6-13. After 13 was even worse. I remember calling up my grandma crying, she would come down and talk to my mom while she was sober and she would apologize for whatever it was that she did. She wouldn't admit to saying the things she did say to me, she said I was hearing things wrong and making things up just to be a bitch and make her look like a bad mother (this was when I was very young, mind you) The truth be know she has no idea what she said, and still does not to this day. But I can never forget her screaming at me and swearing and ranting about things I had no idea about.


My parents divorced when I was 15, moved to a new town with my mother, she did not feel she had to work because she was collecting child support, but yet was trying to tell me to get out of the house at 16 because I was just a freeloading piece of shit and it was costing her too much to keep a roof over my head and feed me. I was in sports in highschool and she never came to any of my games, even though she would just sit at home claiming the only reason other parents went was because they didn't have other kids to take care of.  At this point I had 2 younger brothers 12 and 5 at the time. It broke my heart to see everyone else's parents involved and there cheering for them, it was even more sad that they felt sorry for me because my mom never showed up, my dad did when he could but he lived several hours away. It wasn't often.


My mom found out I had a myspace page when I was 17 and was talking to 'strangers'. She broke down my door told me she hated me, chased me out into the yard at 3 am and was screaming and trying to hit me. I called the police on my cell phone they showed up and she told them a lie that I was talking to a serial rapist online and was seeing him, which was absolutely not true at all. They took her in an ambulance for mental health issues, intoxication and apparently she was pregnant, something I was unaware of. The next day they called and said she passed the psych test and I could come pick her up at the hospital. By the time I got there, she had left, called a cab home and when she saw that her car was gone, called the police and reported that I had stolen it. Meanwhile I was at the hospital trying to locate her.



Present day I'm 24. Still having those same thoughts, everyday. Nothing seems to be going right, my long time relationship is failing and has been for several years, my boyfriend is a complete asshole to me,  more [here!](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/t7oe0/long_time_bf_lost_interest_in_me_but_wont_admit/). I got laid off, my car broke down 6 months ago and I do not have money to repair it or buy a new one, I can't afford my portion of the rent without selling everything I own on craigslist, I have realized that I am extremely self conscious about my body and it is starting to control my life, I over analyze my own thoughts constantly until I convince myself that I am extremely shallow, worthless, and selfish. I am paranoid that people talk about me behind my back at work, although I pretend like there is nothing wrong. I would love to get some help or therapy but have no health insurance and I have never been partial to being on anti-depressants based on the many hours of reading I have done. I feel as though I may never be able to get off them, that they will not cure my problem. I seriously think I have a mental problem and everybody else knows it but they won't say anything, you know? the way most people don't point out to mentally challenged people that there is anything wrong with them.


The very thought of me spending the time to write this all out and most likeley nobody will read it, sickens me. And if they do read it they will just tell me to let go of insignificant issues with my past. Or stop feeling sorry for myself and grow up. I just want to disappear. Boom.