I'm running out of optionsSo, summer of 2016, I was 15 years old and very suicidal at the time and I acted upon my suicidal thoughts...a LOT. So I was in and out of the psychiatric hospital 5 times in 4 months. I was put on a shit ton of medications that made things worse. And eventually I was taken off all the medications, and was homebound for school and was forced into In-Home therapy for 5 times a week. 

The in-home therapy wasnt all to bad because I ended up really liking my therapist. So in-home therapy lasted for 9 months. That really helped me get better for a while. 

Although, a lot here lately, I've been getting really depressed pretty often like I used to. The same depression. The same suicidal thoughts. I relapsed on cutting again last week and I was clean from November of last year; so that progress is gone. 

I could always go to my parents because they were very concerned and went through the same thing when they were my age. But that was last summer and now I cant go to them because they act like thwy dont care, or Im sounding like a broken record that they're tired of hearing, and then brush it off.

I tried telling them one night that I thought I needed to go back to the hospital. My mom got pissed and ignored me. 

And like...tonight. I told my mom I was feeling very depressed and disconnected from reality. At the time she was smoking a cigarette and play these dumb ass games on her tablet. Not once did she even look at me when I tried to tell her how I felt. She told me "It's probably because youre bored." and that was the end of the discussion. I said that I didntnthink that was the case and she just nodded her head, playing her fucking game on her tablet 

I dont know what to do. Im not sure I know how to help myself anymore. I dont remember the shit my therapist told me months ago...
I've tried telling my parents that I think I need more help, but they dont fucking listen. They used to listen. What changed???

I feel like the only way to get through their head is to try to attempt suicide again.