My best friend hanged herself 2 years ago and I only came to know about it yesterday 😭🥺💜😭I had just moved from Australia to india because I was very mentally unstable. The minute I moved to india, I was admitted to the psych ward because I could never be left alone for even one second because I was so bent upon harming and killing myself. I hated myself and i was so depressed, I had crazy hallucinations and delusions that everyone was plotting a murder to murder me in a gruesome way so, I just wanted to kill myself before anyone else could. 

When I was admitted in the ward, there I met her. She was draped in purple from head to toe. She came with her mother who always seemed to be smiling. We introduced ourselves very quickly because we were of the same age. Very soon, we developed a very very close bond. We were there with each continously day and night until the nurse had to physically drag her out of my room. We connected so well from the start because we suffered from very similar issues. Both of us had depression and OCD. I could freely talk to her about suicide in a way that I could with no one else and she would know exactly what to say because she had been through the pain. Both of used to obsess about the idea of death and we had very similar thought processes which always made us question about why we hadn't met each other earlier. However we were both very happy to have met atleast then and honestly I felt like I had known her for years. 

She was so talented. She was a very active blogger. She used to write dark stories about death and would drop a new blog every week. She had so much potential and she was original. She was obsessed with the color purple. She wouldn't dare to wear any other color which wasnt atleast a shade of purple. She was a very outgoing gal and even though she understood suicide deeply, she was still very optimistic and would love making friends in the ward. However she wasnt diagnosed, and I had never realized this but she would copy or do or say some of the same things that I or the other patients would do and tbh i didnt rly think much of it. The doctors knowing this, asked her if she was faking it because she was friends with me. They were asking her why she was doing and saying the same things as me. I remember her being very upset by this and tbh I dont think she was copying or saying the same things as me but whatever. 

So after 5 months of torture obviously but a lot less torture because of her, she honestly made my life heaven. Idk what I would have done there without her. So they discharged me. When they discharged me, we were both rly sad coz she was gonna be there and I was going home. She showered me with gifts such a necklaces, books, purple tea etc... it was a sad goodbye however I was happy that I was getting out. 

After 2 days of reality, i couldn't do it anymore. I became suicidal as usual. And little did ik that in my room there was an open window. I lived in the 5th floor of an apartment and I remember climbing out of the window and sitting there. I was so ready to jump because I knew I was never gonna get another perfect chance like this. I tried not to over think too much because I really wanted to kill myself and I wanted nothing to interrupt me,not even a thought. The height was also huge so I knew I would die in a painful way. While jumping, I tried aiming for my head. However when I jumped I landed on my foot. I felt a shock so painful travel through my body. It was chaos. Everyone was freaking out. I slowly felt myself passing out. Everyone was terrorized. Anyway I was put in an ambulance. I dont wanna talk too much about this but I broke every single bone in my body but my foot, spinal cord, one of my ribs, tail bone broke in a very very serious way. So I obviously went through days and days of complicated surgery and pain. They were sure that I wouldn't walk. So after a while I was moved to the psych ward again. 

I again met her and I was in so much pain I couldn't even cry or smile. And she was just a little mad that I would do this but she was so happy to see me. Again she helped me through all of it. She was there like my mom. She was even there to help me move my fucking body when I was in so much pain just to take a shit in the bed pan everytime. She used to read books to me. She made playlists for me to listen to. She always always always made sure that I was occupied and made sure to distract me from the physical pain. I remember as I was recovering, she was the one who would push my wheel chair to take a walk and we would gossip, talk about boys, celebs , talk about dumb meaningless shit etc...  and to everyone's surprise after 6 months I was able to walk 2 steps with a Walker though painful i was atleast able to stand so everyone was happy about the progress. After a while, i was able to walk a little with the Walker and they discharged me so i could go home. 

In this mean time, my friend and her mom left the hospital as they felt like she hadn't made any progress and she was angry with the doctors questioning about her faking it. So they decided to move to another state and we promised to keep contact. We kept in touch for a while and had a lot of fun as per usual. Her mom also kept updating my mom. After a while everything suddenly stopped. I stopped recieving anything from her and at this time i was going through other personal and painful shit so I had relapsed badly again and I had forgotten about everything. 

After a year I tried reaching out to her in every way possible. I kept texting her like a fool till last week. I thought she had just abandoned social media or I thought that started to dislike me. I wasnt sure what to think of it and my mom kept pressuring me to forget about her so for a while I just let it slide even tho I was upset and confused. 

Anyway yesterday midnight I got a message from some random guy who knew both of us, saying that she hanged herself. This guy refused to tell me his name. And he told me that she died a long back but nobody told u coz u were already suicidal and we didnt want it affect u. So just to make sure, I reached out to one of her neighbors as well as a close friend to make sure if she actually killed herself. Turns out she hanged herself 2 years ago. 

I was in a state of shock and I still am. I'm not angry that she chose to take her life. I'm happy that she is in a much better place coz this world is not meant for everyone. I was upset and I'm still upset because I didnt know sooner. I'm upset that I have only come to know now because I had been trying to reach out to her like every 2 days like an idiot for a like 2 years. I'm upset that I couldn't help her in the same way she helped me. I wish I could have told her how much she meant to me and how much she changed my life before she left this awful place. She had so much potential. I wish I died instead of her. I don't have any purpose on this planet and neither do I have any talent. I just waste oxygen and take up fuckimg space. She could have offered so much and she already had so much to offer to this world. I'm jealous of how lucky she was to die in her first attempt. It's hard to die when ur killing yourself but I'm also happy for her at the same time. 

I just wish I could meet her soon some day and tell her how much she helped me and how much she meant to me. I didnt expect this. I am heart broken not because she left but because I didnt die and meet her there soon enough. I feel numb. I dont know what to do or say. I'm upset that I came to know about it so late. 

I just wish that u are happy wherever u are and I love u so fucking much. Rest in peace b.