Very calm now, yet I'm still done...I know I have a history of irrational and suicidal thoughts. I'm 100% convinced that I am bipolar with mixed episodes, though I've never been diagnosed. I'm used to the racing thoughts and self loathing, and I've called the suicide hotline before in those acute situations.

I've been working on my calmness lately, meditating and working on developing mental self-discipline. Apparently I'm good at it, I can drop my heart rate at will using only a relaxing thought now. But the thought of suicide persists, and now it has become a very calm, very rational thought. Before it was "I can't get through the night feeling this way", which was of course untrue, it was tough but I got through all those difficult nights. Now it has become a very rational "I have nothing to look forward to that's worth the numbness I have to feel to get there".

Background... Lower middle class white male (I know I'm just the worst, believe me). I squandered much of my youth because of bad luck and depression; lost my job in 2008 right before the crash and stayed mostly unemployed for five years. Never went to college even though that would have been the perfect opportunity, my parents had the money to help me out, I was just too depressed and obsessed with the notion that it would end soon and I would be back on my feet.

Finally got a job a few years back, nothing special but it was full time, and not a month in, the girl I had dated for six years (the love of my life and the only person I've ever felt like I could connect with on every level) dumped me, only to reveal afterwards that she had been abducted, raped, and left in a parking lot two years before, and she'd been living with the weight of that event solely on her shoulders ever since. She'd never told a soul, never went to the hospital or police or therapy, just tried to live her life like normal until it finally crushed her. I tried to be there for her, and for my trouble I got to see her getting into escorting, violent and degrading sex, drinking and other destructive behavior. She broke into my house one night for a booty call and made me hit her and hurt her and say cruel things to her and I did it because I wanted her in my life in any way but I felt horrible violated and told her I couldn't do it again. We lost touch after she attacked me in my house one night, destroyed several priceless possessions and called the cops to tell them I was responsible. I only barely avoided jail.

She's a cam girl still, and I follow her, even though it hurts, just to see how she is. She's doing okay now, emotionally, and I consider that a blessing. I still love her and I always will.

After that I got into drugs, drank a lot, tried to destroy myself. I got into many bar fights, had a lot of promiscuous sex including two affairs with friends who were in long term relationships that I almost ruined. I let myself be raped by two co workers (male and female) because I felt like I deserved it after what had happened to my ex. (You might not consider it rape, I never said no, but I let things happen that I didn't want, and that made me feel violated). As a result of that I was left with persistent intrusive thoughts that have left me impotent with lovers until I tell them what happened; basically a death sentence for casual sex.

I moved across the country last year to try to escape my past and start over, and it hasn't worked. As much as I work on myself, my relationships with people seem to go the same way. I have no trouble finding friends, I'm pretty charming one-on-one, but I can't seem to keep them around. I have no terrible attracting women, but they all seem to get spooked a few months into the relationship. I feel like my baggage is too much, or that it makes me incapable of accepting their love.

I just broke up with a girl, and even though we dated for only three months, I felt such a strong connection. I told her everything, and she not only accepted it, she had some stories of her own. Every moment we were together I felt alive again, but for various reasons relating to her social awkwardness, I didn't get a good introduction to her social circle and I think she didn't feel like I could be a long term part of her life. That triggered a spiraling depression for me that only bolstered her resolve to push me out of her life. This has happened so many times.

It just all seems so pointless. I know I'll find new friends, but they won't stay long. I know I'll find new lovers but they'll all leave me with nothing special to remember them by. I want nothing more than a life that feels meaningful, where I can build a history with the people I love, but I feel like I'm just on an endless conveyer belt of meaningless relationships. I feel like there must be something inherently wrong with me, and that the panic attacks will never go away, and that they'll all get spooked, and I'll just be jumping from meaningless relationship to meaningless relationship forever until I'm too old to fuck and then I'll die.

I turn 31 in a week and I've spent every one of the last five birthdays alone. I'm just so tired and I don't see a point in being here anymore, except to spare my friends and family the trouble. I think suicide is inevitable and I think about it in such rational terms, but there's some little quiet voice inside if me that wants me to believe there's hope.

That voice is getting easier to ignore every day.