I am tiredEver since I was a teen I’ve viewed suicide as a means of rest. I don’t usually dream when I sleep. I usually just close my eyes and then wake up the next day. I figured suicide would be like that with some pain and that I wouldn’t wake up. I didn’t really mind that idea. I’ve had to deal with a lot of trauma in my life that was inflected by irresponsible and at times malicious people, and I’m increasingly angry at the fact that the techniques I used to survive are now impeding my ability to move past it. 
I don’t think it’s fair that I had to deal with any of it at all, and much less that I have to deal with the after effects for the rest of my life. I’ve tried speaking to people about it, but it’s hard. Even people that mean well don’t approach these topics correctly. The typical “what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger” responses are annoying, because I would’ve happily accepted being a “weaker” person for the rest of my life in order to have avoided all that crap. I wouldn’t have minded being a different “me” if it meant I didn’t have to deal with any of this trauma. 
Thing is that I am extremely stubborn about not leaving people close to me having to deal with my death. It would be me inflicting the kind of circumstances on people that ultimately effed up my life. So I feel a strong impulse to stay alive and work through things, but the fact that I have to is irritating to me. I hate having to fix other peoples mistakes. I hate that their mistakes affected me during formative years so that now my defenses from those mistakes becomes an inability to form long term, happy relationships with people.
I’m just tired. I’m tired of being angry, I’m tired of having to pay for therapy to fix other peoples mistakes, and I’m tired of being terrified of being vulnerable. I want better parents, family members, and circumstances. I’ve been seeing improvements in my life since starting therapy for all of this, but I guess I just need to vent on how much this all exhausts me. I look forward to the day that I don’t feel quite so tired, whatever that may look like.