How it is.For the past 8 years, I have battled with depression and suicidal tendencies in secrecy. I have hurt myself more times than I can count, and depression seeps from every pore of my body. To everyone, I am this happy-go-lucky, upbeat, and regular "high-school kid". On the inside, I am miserable, hurting, and misplaced in the world. I feel like I have been on this earth for centuries, and I hate it every waking day. For a while, everything was perfect, but recently, it just rapidly is spiraling downward. To put things in perspective, I have came extremely close to committing suicide, but the only thing that keeps me here is the result of my mother's well-being. However, it's coming to the point, where I know she wouldn't care, and I quite frankly have lost caring in who I'd hurt. Here's a quick synopsis into my life:

As it might seem miniscule to some, I went through junior high and freshman years with only superficial friends except for two who only wanted to use me for what I had. Then, I met my best friend who I'd quickly call my brother. He has been my friend for the past 2 1/2 years, and he helped me shine brighter than I ever have. However, he recently has become increasingly distant. I feel like he's turned his back on me and my chapter in his book is quickly coming to a close. Even though he has reassured me alot that he's my brother and he's always here for me, his actions state otherwise. It's like taking a bullet to the heart, for reasons I don't know why. 
On top of that, my mother has used me as her "out" for her stress and anger. She has quickly faded from her loving self, and is now consumed by her boyfriend. 
Additionally, the girl who I've loved and dated for 8 months broke up about 2 months ago. Ever since, it has been an off-and-on situation, and she finally told me today, she's letting me go. And it crushed me. 

After a bout of a severe low about a month ago, when I hurt myself quite badly, I am now at that low again, and this time, I think it's gonna stick for a while. I'm ready to give up, I'm alone, and I feel helpless. I can't eat without throwing up, and I have no effort or energy to do anything. I yearn for for the feeling of love, and it's nowhere to be found. 

My exact intentions of posting are beyond me, but I guess I'm needing of an impartial view on my life. I'm ready to go, and I'm ready to let go. I'm 2 strikes in, and at 3, I'm outta here. 

