can't even think of a non cheesy-sounding title.i am so tired of being lonely, of the few people i know only acknowledging my existence when they're in need, of nobody caring. i'm 20, male. apologies for the probably weird grammar, not my native language, really. just typing thoughts as they appear.

thinking about me writing this, my life hasn't been so bad, if not for my inability to be social. i don't know who to blame, maybe it's me.  i guess because I think of suicide you can call me.. shit forgot the word, but its someone who cares only about myself and not about others. you know, the whole "but if you take your own life think about your parents!!!! your friends!!!! fucking whoever the hell else!!!!" sure. okay. if they ever thought about me, asked me how i feel.
well my parents do care, I guess. but i've been trying to make them realize how serious it is, they don't seem to fully believe it. yeah my parents' life will be probably ruined, i can't even imagine what would happen to them. i'd probably feel a lot of regret (if i was alive). i'm already feeling bad for imagining what would happen to them.

friends? i don't have any. well yeah i know some people, but none i can call a "friend". at most, a dude with whom i had more fun that with others.my parents who divorced in 2000 and it stopped affecting me only in the recent 5-7 years. 
maybe it's school. you know, thinking about this, my school wasn't so bad. i've heard stories of people bullying someone so much that he tried to kill himself. i didn't have any of that, but i had been bullied a little, yeah. i think i got myself to blame for that. i was chubby, wore glasses (i still do), didn't care about how i look, stuff like that. i honestly don't know why everyone instantly knew "woo puberty! i have to look good now or else i will be considered weird by other people" and why I didn't care.
years have passed, I didn't care much about people stopping inviting me to parties and stuff, I just moved on further. then I got accepted into uni. I thought "finally! now i can start from scratch and make proper friends". i even changed how i look, lost almost all the weight, got a proper haircut, nicer clothes, etc. 

not so bad right, well what happened? people i met usually just spent time with their school friends. i was always like "hey lets go somewhere" or "hey lets make a party" and people were usually "nah dude i'm busy with my other friends". i wish i was that busy as well. i wish i didn't spent all fucking weekends on my pc or at home in general. but that's all i do, simply because there's no other choice. asking people to go to the movies is cool, i did that. asking people to go to the movies or something similar each and every fucking week is weird and off putting. can't do that. social acceptance. bunch of crap. 
but all of that was kind of acceptable, until during the second year i realized that i like a girl from my class more than usual. we were kind of friends, talked about stuff sometimes, helped each other with uni. then i realized that i want to know her more, and also that i don't fucking know how to do that. i tried asking her out. at first he understood it as "hey lets go somewhere and bring all of our friends!" and so she did. was cool, however absolutely fucking not what i wanted. i tried asking her again, that time she cancelled it because of unimportant reasons. so I thought, okay. i'll probably meet someone else even better, it's probably just my hormones fucking me up, you know, me being a virgin, and so on. so okay I thought, she's not interested in relationship with me, i'll just try to become a good friend of hers. and that's where it all went downhill. 

i don't know, maybe i'm wrong and im seeing things, but i started to notice that she cares about me much less than about the others in my class, if at all. you know, the whole playful stuff? none of that. I ask something, remind her of my existence, i get a simple answer and rarely a smile or anything. while she usually chatted with others every day, they laughed, etc. 
that went on for about a year. I kept noticing but I still wanted to be her friend (and since she always called me a friend, I thought so did she). until a recent ski resort trip in december. i knew she liked snowboarding, so once I saw on her FB that she and some of my other friends from class went there I became angry as shit. i was fucking furious. in the past i let her (and others) know that i wanted to try snowboarding real bad, so I was annoyed that they didn't even think about inviting me. ofc I didn't say that to her, but I did say that to our mutual friend. so next time (about two weeks later) he invited me as well, but he couldn't go so I thought "finally! some time with her not in uni". haha, silly me, she didn't say anything and brought an old friend of her. he's a chill dude, but she didn't shut up with him all the trip. i felt like a fifth wheel the whole time. or more like a 1034895th wheel.
and those kinds of situations started to happen more and more often. i started to become real jealous of her attention, I wanted, craved it. but i could not say that to her (again, social acceptance) until start of february, when we planned something before uni began once again, but because of some people she cancelled it and just dropped it on me. like "so X and Y couldn't go so next time". I realized that this is my chance to make her feel a little guilty, just to talk with her about the whole situation. so I made myself look real pissed and betrayed, and left.
that worked. she tried to call me several times, then messaged me on FB. we talked for a while. I asked her something along the lines of "do I annoy you? just be honest, and if that so just tell me to piss off and I will. but don't call me a friend then."
she said no, i'm great, etc. I believed her. but the situation didn't change. she still seemed to care about me less than about others. 
meanwhile it got even worse for me, the jealousy. if she posted photos about her going somewhere with her friends, or just played a coop game in Steam (I have her added) I would get jealous as hell, and as a result, angry, then depressed.
and it was today when I had enough and just left uni in the middle of a lecture. she sat near me, I thought, hey, lets talk about stuff. then I realized she sat by another dude actually(a new friend of hers) and she talked with him non stop, laughed, etc, etc. I nearly snapped my cellphone while I listened to that. i could bear it anymore so I just left. 

but you know what's the funny thing? she's actually a nice person. she even hugged me once, and said not to worry, after we both failed an exam. its just me being fucked in the head, the whole enlarged jealousy from out of nowhere, general sense of loneliness and ofc inability to talk to her about this stuff (last thing I want is her thinking that i'm weird. got enough of that in school. no thank you. and I already gave her a lot of grounds to think so)

i did calm down after typing all of this, but i know, that it would continue until we get out of uni, and after that, total fucking loneliness (im studying to become an electrical engineer, not the most social job y'know?). i don't want that. i don't want any more reasons for her and others to think im weird. but i can not contain myself anymore either.

there's way more stuff and reasons to mention but my fingers kinda hurt from all the typing.

also wow, the subreddit's pretty crowded. that's sad, really.
