One More FANTASTIC Update:Gosh, I am so sorry for posting over and over, but I really wanted to tell you guys what just happened.

I have the most awesome, wonderful, absolutely PERFECT husband in the world. I am so in love with him. We were standing at the door waiting for our son's Head Start bus to come and I said "There is something we need to discuss...after E. gets on the bus to school..." and he just nodded, looking a tad worried. I assured him that it wasn't THAT kind of talk and that it wasn't a bad thing. 

Fast forward to about 15 minutes later. E. has now gotten on his bus, and I had returned to the house where my hubby was waiting. He sat down on the couch and waited. I started. "I was thinking of calling (our local Counselling Center)...and talk to someone...I think I need it." He looked relieved as if...he was thinking the same thing. Well, it turns out that after talking FRANKLY and OPENLY to him (I held nothing back and even told him how close to killing myself I had come) he admits that he HAS been talking to the BSC's (therapists) that come for our two boys every week to see what he should do...he said he didn't know how to help or even approach the subject with me! He said he was glad that I had brought it up first and he seemed proud of me that I took this step. We have to take all three boys to the Psychologist from this agency (that helps the boys since they are all on the Autism Spectrum) and the one Psychologist there has known me since I was in 1st or 2nd Grade! He used to be the School Counselor at my elementary school. He has offered to see me as a Therapist several times! I was floored to hear this because if there is ONE guy...one Psychologist that I would be comfortable with seeing...it would be this guy! This is a dream come true for me. Hubby and I must have talked for an hour. God I love him. I am in tears because it feels like a HUGE weight off my shoulders. I even admitted to him (out loud) that I am cutting again! I can't believe I actually said that (although it is OBVIOUS) and that I told him I came close to killing myself. Both were so hard to admit but I feel lighter...and happier than I have felt in a while.

Thanks for reading. My hubby coincidentally has to take our almost 5 year old up to this Agency TONIGHT for a re-eval (the boys go every few months for progress reports) and he said he will get me an appointment for this Psychologist. I feel...wow.

The BEST part of all this...I talked to my hubby and told him EXACTLY how I am feeling. I told him that I know I have a great life, and that it isn't anyone else that is causing this...it is all internal and he listened and understood. THAT is what people with Depression need loved ones to understand: it isn't always circumstances around the sufferer (a lot of times it IS) but sometime a deep internal conflict that can be chemical...emotional...or who-knows-what. 

&lt;3 I will check in after I have this appointment to let y'all know how it went. I am actually excited about going to talk to someone? How does THAT happen. :) 

Have a great day all. 
Happily signing off for now.
~LG