I feel like there is no helpI feel like there is no help for me. I'm so done with life. Like; I've tried everything.

Gonna vent a bit; had my first encounter with depression when I was 13. My parents divorced and I blamed myself a lot; so much so that I had detailed plans on how to kill myself and letters written for everyone in my life readily available for years. I decided to go through with it and failed; wasn't caught; so tried again and again until I told a counselor about it. All in total; I've tried probably 8 times. All with really stupid and varying methods... 

I've been to the mental hospital twice; moved in with my dad for support; moved back to my mom; moved to Alaska; and now I'm much worse. Tried traditional therapy for a while after hospital visit one; and now after being shafted for a grand total of three months; the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation is getting me into therapy this Friday; the 7th. It is Wednesday and I cried all of my Tuesday away; I am so lost.

I have a wonderful; perfect; supportive boyfriend and the cutest, sweetest cat you have ever seen. I have no job, but my boyfriend and I are managing right now. I have ambitions for the future, a whole life ahead of me as I am only 21. Yet none of it stops me from feeling like I just want it to be over. I'm so depressed. I don't know how much longer until I give in. I don't even know if I will make it to my appointments on Friday. I want to hurt myself so badly that it's giving me a headache. 

I have one friend other than my boyfriend here. She has other things going on in her life and no time to listen to me. I can't say I blame her. My whole family is 3,000 miles away and told me throughout my childhood that I don't actually have depression; that I was lying to get attention, etc. I have one other true friend and that is my brother; who has a nice job and has a busy life. He also has no time for me. I am alone and I feel like no one is listening anymore. My boyfriend has no idea what to do. Neither do I. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I used to enjoy making art but now I am indifferent. 

Point is; I don't know how much longer I can do this. Nothing is stopping my strong urge to hurt myself or end it. I feel like nothing will. I need to find strength just to make it through the day. My severe chronic depression coupled with my anxiety are too much for me to handle.