Done with EVERYTHING.Dear /sw/

i'm sick and tired of being mistreated. my whole life i've been a good fucking person and it hasn't gotten me anywhere in life. I'm a 20 yr old male, and I'm at a local univ.

when i was a kid i grew up down south in a major city and i used to get bullied. all the time. i've been stabbed twice. and not like oh he got stabbed with a small knife its like i stood up for myself, they took out a switchblade, and they stabbed me in the stomach. the second time, they stabbed me in the knee.

so i stopped standing up for myself. and i didnt really try and stick out until i got into the end of high school. Im not a bad looking kid - i dated the captain of the cheerleading squad - i was pretty popular, but i was the nerd that somehow fit in.

my dad was in the military and we moved from base to base a lot until i turned ten. when we moved from base to base a lot it fucking sucked bc the only person i've ever been able to call my best friend ended up doing hard drugs six years after i left and died from an overdose. I know for a fact that if i was there he wouldnt have done any of those

and im an only child. i have a half-sister - my dad's first child from his first marriage. she is greedy as all shit and always pesters my dad for money. my dad used to pay more than he needed to support her and her mother (and new bf that stole her from my dad...) and i basically had to steal to be able to have lunch money when i was real young. then my dad found a good job right about middle school, and we settled down.

then my mom got cancer and i thought i was going to lose her. i blocked out all of my memory from that section of my life and i dont remember if iw as a good son or a bad son which kills me. she ended up surviving but it was one of the worst portions of my life. i smoked weed with my friends to try and calm myself and bring myself back to reality but it never worked. 

and every relationship i've been in has been where i'm the dependent one. I'm always the dependent one. I'm looking for that girl that will always make me happy. i'm looking for someone who cares about me more than or equal to how much i care about them. and i'm a good boyfriend. i know how to cook (i taught myself when i was growin up) and i used to bake them stuff in the shapes of hearts, write em poems, do all sorts of nice things. but somehow i would always get trampled.

and throughout high school people would always start rumors about me for no reason. when i dated a new girl or i really liked a new friend, they would say things like "oh hes gay" or something like that to them. 

i tried out sports and my dad forced me to do football for three years. and lacrosse for six (when i was in middle school)_. i liked lacrosse, but didnt like football. and he still made me do it anyways

and no one has done anything to ever try and think about me. sometimes my dad will go out and buy something that i said i wanted... but he never treats me like he respects me as his son or has good intentions for me. we always bicker and he usually just starts yelling for no reason

when i graduated high school i thought i'd start with a clean slate. i joined a fraternity, became best friends with about 20 other great guys and they helped me through girls cheating on me, my parental feud, my sister stealing money from MY savings, and then me finally landing a scholarship at the university and being able to decide my own fate

then i met her. i met her when i was just getting over another her who had cheated on me. i met her through a friend and i legitimately fell in love at first sight. like, i cared for all of my other girlfriends but i never understood the word love until i met her. i never really tossed around the word but with her i just wanted to because i felt it. i knew it. and i loved her

and weve been dating for almost a year and a half now. shes beautiful and fun to be around but shes gone abroad for the semester. she told me she lovedme. then she went away

and all she does now is fight with me. or not tell me she loves me and hangs up. or tells me she danced with another guy. and then we fight. then we makeup and she tells me she cant be without me. then the next day she tells me that we shouldnt be together. then the next day tells me she loves me more than anyone else shes ever loved. rinse and repeat. rinse. and. fucking. repeat

and i'm tired of it. Its like no one thinks of me. ever. no one ever places me first. even when they're "in love with me". My parents dont even place me first. they're in love and they only think about the other. and my sister doesnt even care about me - she only loves money. I have no best friend. sure i've got friends, but no one that i can talk to about anything

and lately i've been having dreams of me just dying

dying and not being able to do anything about it. and i'm tired of it all. im tired of pain. im tired of not even being considered. im tired of being objectified and being just a thing. I feel like thats all i've ever been. no matter how interesting i am, people think im constant and never worry about me. i dont show it but im trembling inside, and i just wnat to die

i havent lived the easiest life. but i havent lived the hardest life but i really just cant take it. I know things are better than when i was a kid, that things are financially easier. i know that i dont have to "worry' about as much but i feel like i'm just so utterly and obviously neglected that i want to kill myself. i just want to end it. i want someone to fucking love me like i love them. i want someone that loves me. anyone. a guy, a girl. i just want a god damn best friend. maybe thats what i consider my girlfriend, too. my best friend. and thats why it hurts me when i fight with the person im in love with and my only real best friend

i just want to end the pain. im tired of pain. im tired of being worried about losing someone - my mother, my friend who passed away, my girlfriend, and i just want to lose myself. i feel like they'd learn from me dying. to appreciate everyone around them. theyd learn that even if im smiling i may not be happy because they're all driving me insane and thinking of themselves and following their "heart" when they dont even see the look of pain on my face as they completely wash over me without giving me a second glance

i just want to die. i dont even want to kill myself. i just want to end. i want to stop  the story, not exist, and die. 

and i know theres no god. my friend was pronounced dead for a minute and a half and he said he didnt see anything. he didnt feel anything. but when he woke back up he said he understood what everything was for and he knew how it felt to have everything turned off completely. he said theres nothing on the other side for us and i havent believed any religion since

i just want to turn off everything.

i want to end

and i dont know how to deal with any of this