Last Night...So I've been thinking about doing it for a long time. When I'm angry or sad, I tend to self harm, either cutting or biting my skin until it bruises. It's weird writing it down. Feels... wrong. But when I'm doing it, it feels better. Just better than the shit that I am feeling then.

I did it because of a guy. I'm still considering doing it because of a guy. Is it bad that I want to do it more just because it's so pathetic? 

I don't know what to do. What are you supposed to do when you put all your eggs in one basket and that basket doesn't love you back? "I don't really give a fuck these days... Not just about you, but about everything." That was his reason for giving up on me. He doesn't care.

What kind of defense is there against someone who simply doesn't care? I can't be angry, because that means I care, I'm being childish, whatever. I can't be sad, because that means that I'm pathetic, I'm begging him to come back, whatever. And I can't be happy, because I'm not, and there's no way to fake that without sounding completely insane.

So what can I do? Move on? Let him go on thinking he will always have me pining after him? It's not fair. I'm being immature but it's not fair. 

I just... I want this pain in my chest to go away. I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to do anything to feel better, I want to do things to not feel anything anymore. This happened less than a year ago. He left me, and I admitted myself to the hospital because I was thinking about suicide and I got scared. And he left me alone for two whole months. I was free. But he came back and I couldn't be that strong person I was supposed to be. I'm so ashamed.

But this time.. I'm not scared. I just want to do it. I'm at a worse place than before, and I'm running out of reasons not to.

I don't know why I'm posting here. I'm not even sure I want reassurance, I want to yell at everyone who tries to make me feel better. 

I just feel really, really, alone. Really alone.

TL;DR, Thinking about suicide because of a guy, could I be anymore cliche?