Is it bad that I have never thought so clearly or been so sure about something?In many of these post people aren't sure that they want to end their life and they're looking for help. Hopefully they find it because taking ones life is a permenant solution to sometimes a temporary problem. 

I won't bore anyone with my problems so I won't go deep into my life experiences. I have found that most people I have come across in life have criticized me and overall had developed deep hatred for me. For many, many years of my life I looked at them and said something might just be wrong with them. But at some point you have to look at yourself with blame since you are the common denominator. Maybe all these people who looked down at you all these years are actually right? This self realization is the worst because now you start hating yourself and since your looking for acceptance you want to be how everyone in society tells you to be. You try very hard to change but you can't because you are who you are and that will never change unfortunately. 

You tell yourself that time may change your situation so you work pro actively for years on a solution, get help, and practice these skills that you have been developing to correct your problem. You then realize yoiu can't fix it because you are who you are and that will never change because you were just put into the same situation again that got you in this mess in the first place! Then you repeat this process for about 6 more years just to realize you can't escape you. 

Now that I don't want to repeat this cycle anymore I need to find an escape. Its easier for me since I don't ever remember having a "normal" experience or needs. I tried to be normal, I will never be normal, but I want to be normal. I had to be normal because time and time again I was told by people closest to me and others that I suck. How many years do you need to hear that before you start believing it? I'd say like 30. 

My back is against the wall everything's in slow motion I have had the time to think... I find peace in knowing that its almost over.  

I wish things could've been different, I wish I wasn't a disappointment to my family, I wish I belonged, I wish I wasn't me... but I have been the only one there for myself. I just can't hold off the world anymore. 

I want to do some good though and make even a little positive difference somehow so my life wasn't completely worthless. 

