Sometimes I just want to kill myself because I know all I'll ever be is mediocre - and some other ruminationsI have shitty poetry, shitty music, and the beginning to a shitty novel I just posted. It's amateur at best, but at least I fucking try. I won't give it up either, even if people downvote or ignore it. My friends and family seem to love it, but that's just because they're friends and family and see more in it than an outside observer. They cherish each fault, when an outsider looks at the fault and screams "bleeeghh!"

Right now, I'm imagining what would happen if I killed myself. I have the means and my parents are asleep. I'm not even that close to it, but the idea popped up in my head. My parents would awake to a corpse, hysterical, shocked, not knowing what to do. And that's what stopped me from trying right now. My parents and their immediate presence. But is that enough? What about when I'm off, all alone in my own apartment somewhere? It's fairly easy to kill yourself with things around the house if you're so inclined, and I can see myself doing it. But then I guess it's a matter of then my parents don't hear from me, or my work calls in checking on me, and I don't check back for weeks, and the cops open the doors, find my lifeless body, call my folks- and then the same thing happens- hysteria, shock, total and utter devastation. I don't want my folks or friends to go through that, so I guess I'll keep myself alive.

But I can't help but think, what's the point? I'd like to be great- to be a great writer, a great poet, a great singer and songwriter. But I know that it's not achievable for me. Plus, it's delusional to think I'd be good at something- that good- that I'd achieve fame and fortune. And then what, I have all this money, all these people caring about me, and I'd only affect more people when I'd off myself. Even that is sort of meaningless, though I admit, I would enjoy the attention and money. It's good to be liked. It's good to be able to do whatever you please wherever you please because you have the cash. But even that is just frivilous- what's the point?

The point, I've discovered, especially as a suicidal person, is to survive no matter what, and try to cherish the little things in life. The occasional upvote on a song of mine, or a poem, or a post- ice cream, winning a Starcraft 2 match, listening to Bon Iver. But is that enough? What is the culmination of a life merely set on enjoying simple pleasures? Is that a life well lived? Don't you have to accomplish something in your life to have your life be worthwhile? I don't know, guys, I'm just sort of ambivalent I guess towards it all. 

Also, I don't know what I am capable of career wise. I excelled in highschool, graduating 19th in my class of about 350. But in college it's been a bit of a different story. I've withdrawn from two semesters so far for medical reasons, and skipped another because I was in a hole of depression. I'm trying to get a degree in physics, but after 4 years I'm still only 3 semesters into the curriculum. I'm looking at Computer Science, but I'm not sure if I enjoy programming enough to pursue it as a career (though I absolutely loved my CSCI101 course in Java- programming included). I'm also looking at chemistry, which I enjoyed in college and in highschool. But I don't know what I really want to do. Hell, I could be content flipping hamburgers for the rest of my life for all I know. But then I wouldn't have accomplished anything, and when I'm laying on my deathbed, I won't have anything to remember, and I'll just be crying. I don't want to go out like that. I want to be proud of my life, but I don't know what that entails. 

I'm currently seeing a psychologist, and have another appointment with him on the 22nd. Hopefully he'll help. I also am seeing my psychiatrist soon, so maybe he can help as well. But I'm just sort of lost. Is life really all about simple pleasures? Or are there worth things achieving? Or is everything, ultimately, meaningless? Again, my ambivalence is apparent here- as I said I want to be happy on my deathbed. But is that really important? I don't even know if I should be thinking that far ahead. And if I'm just sobbing myself to sleep on the last night I have on earth when I'm 95 or whatever, what does it really matter? I'd be dead soon anyway. Just another mote among motes that turns to ash.