For those of you considering suicide, consider this.this is a letter to a friend of my son, his stepfather hanged himself in the garage, this kids mom was there when it happened she could not lift him high enough to prevent his choking to death...


***READ THIS, IS THIS REALLY WHAT YOU WANT TO DO TO THOSE WHO CARE?***


April 1 at 3:23am
please don't take this the wrong way. i just got a reprieve from cancer and I want you to know that my mother tried 3 times, i was there the second time and had to revive her...she floated up in the ocean the third time about a mile from my house.

i'll probably get in trouble for this unless you keep it between us. 

If you ever need someone to talk to about this awful subject I am here for you.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

and if this is hurting you in some way i am sorry. i want you to know that i carried a pain for so many years and never realized it...

and if you are beyond it now then, my apologies for intruding.

it's not a common thing and i felt that i needed to do this in a therapeutic manner and if i have fucked up here i am sorry.

your friend (this is why i friended you)

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 
XXXXXXXXXXXXApril 1 at 1:22pm Report
Certainly a thoughtful gesture, XXXXXXX. I appreciate your concern.

I realize that I do carry a pain around with me. I wish I could honestly say that I have moved beyond events of the past and have accepted things for how they are, but I'm not there yet.

It's a challenge that I hope to one day overcome. But I don't think I've even let the shit sink in all the way. It'll take time...

Thanks for reaching out. You're a good man.

XXXXXXXXXXX

p.s. the subject line made me lol
 
XXXXXXXXX April 1 at 3:20pm
hey man,

it took me two hours to finally send that first message.

lately when i reach out i get my hand bit.

my darling grand daughter Luna is being abused by my daughter mariah and her husband seth. i lived with them for a month and witnessed it everyday. i will not go into details here but it is pretty fucking horrible and in so many different ways. i was appalled. that is not the way i raised my babies.

on to the main subject, thank you so much, your response made my day.

my mom and dad were pill addicts supplied by the VA, dad was a disabled veteran. he would get boxes full of thorazine, librium, valium every month and mom took them too.

i used to wonder as a child how some of the shit that went down was happening. now i know. they were wasted. 

she tried once in arizona, she had just split, left us, went out there to kill herself, it was unsuccessful.

when i was 13 my dad woke me up at 5 in the morning, we were living in a warehouse used for seasonal migrant workers above a packing plant. the walls from waist high down were covered with the handprints of children.

mom was cold and blue, she had done it again. i sat on her hips and tried to give her tea in a spoon. she was unresponsive. i reared back and slapped her twice. she reached up and tapped my cheek.

i screamed call the fucking ambulance she is alive. she made it through that one and things got better for us.

when i was 21 she disappeared from my sisters home and floated up by the ormond pier after 3 days of being missing. her purse and things were right there on the beach. she had walked right by my house...

i later watched as they strapped my sister to a gurney and hauled her away for shock therapy, she was fragile and this had broken her again. my anger increased.

here is the important part. i thought i was over it. for 30 years i thought i was over it. at least mom no longer suffered.

i am an active and lucid dreamer and my father and i often got together in my dreams but mom was not there to speak to. perhaps she would be in the front seat of the car saying nothing but i never saw her face or spoke to her.

this effect was my pain reflected in my sub-conscious and i did not realize it.

inside, always, i raged at her for what she did to us and herself. it came out in drinking and blacking out, raging at those close to me and hurting myself and others. taking insane risks and tempting death.

in 2008 matthew died of a broken heart and alcohol he was Luna's dad. 

as a result of this i became close to his mother candace. she has a Ph.d in psychology and thru many drunken sessions of our crying and her expertise, a wonderful thing happened.

i let go.

for the first time there was mom in my dreams, i talked to her and touched her. the first time was not very pleasant but it opened the door to my healing and after all those years i finally forgave her and myself for what had happened...


my point is, please son, don't let it eat you. go talk to someone. pay money if you have it. but do it. rid yourself of that pain, it's easy, does not take long and you will be free.

don't wait 30 years like i did. please. it's a medicine that needs to be applied. i can see it in your face. as i have seen it in my own.


LOL..oh shit Evan's 13th birthday party at the condo, you got in the most trouble, that fucking cunt chasing you guys around outside...


LOL..i think i had more fun than you kids

Ride Fast my friend

