I need help.I don't have friends and therapy is too expensive. I need advice, someone to talk to, or even someone just to listen. I can't keep everything in anymore, I think I've reached my breaking point. 

A little background information about myself: I'm female, lesbian, in a relationship, I'll be 23 in three days and I'm employed full time, making decent money even though I don't love my job. I was a miserable child and an equally miserable, addict teenager. I've been clean for almost four years now. I was institutionalized at 13 and diagnosed as manic depressive and prescribed Welbutrin XL. I was also prescribed Risperdal, although no diagnosis accompanied that prescription. When I was 14, I attempted to kill myself by overdosing on Welbutrin and Ambien. I've been off medication since. I don't remember any of my childhood nor most of my teen years, although that's probably because I was high. I've never been happy. 

A year and a half ago, I reached my lowest point. I was sober, employed, doing pretty well but I felt empty. My existence was meaningless, pointless. Just the same monotonous routine day after day with nothing to look forward to. I wanted to just stop. I would fantasize about killing myself, and planning on how I would do it and researching effective methods, but I didn't necessarily want to die, per se, I just didn't want to be. I got better. 

I met the girl I'm with now in November 2014. I was head over heels from the beginning. I had never been in love before and I fell hard for her. She was completely different from any other girl I had ever met and our spark and vibes were just instant. Long story short, turns out that she was a player that cheated with me and then on me and then with me and then on me again. Multiple times, in various forms. Full sexual with at least one girl but multiple times, kissing at least two girls, flirty texts multiple times with multiple girls. I always forgave her and pretended to believe her when she would swear that it wasn't true. Always. I stayed and remained faithful. 

She was my only happiness, she still is. When we're good, I'm on top of the world, when we're bad, I'm underneath it. She's gotten angry and broken up with me for messages she found from a girl that was flirting with me (I didn't flirt back and ended up ignoring them after a while), multiple times she has gotten angry and broken up with me because of a girl that I dated before I met her, and have had no contact with since, because of certain friends who I now have no contact with, because she found a note I had written on my phone venting and saying how I thought her and I were unhealthy together, multiple times because I have confronted her about something that she's done, because l had another lesbian on my friends list on snapchat, because I was Facebook friends with a girl I dated when I was 15. Etc. I've left her once for cheating on me. 

We can't communicate. Every time I try to talk to her about something that bothers me, it's a fight, no matter how I address it. She'll immediately lash out and say hurtful things and then say that she doesn't want to be with someone who feels that way. When we're fighting, she'll compare me to her ex that she cheated on me with. She'll threaten to have sex with someone else. She'll say hurtful things, she's cruel. I've said hurtful things too, but generally only when I get so angry that I black out and don't realize what I'm doing or saying. She always seems like it's so easy to walk away from me when the very idea of it tears me apart. We fight a lot. 
When she gets angry at me for something, she won't tell me what it is. I never know what I've done until she'll tweet about it. She just becomes cold and distant. She gets angry at me a lot. 

When we're good, it's so good. We smile, we laugh, we joke around, we cuddle. She is my safe place. I get butterflies, it feels like my heart expands in my chest when I see her. She is my favorite person in the entire world and I love her with everything in me. I want nothing more than to make her happy, I want to marry her, I want to start a family with her. I want her. 

We've been good for the past few months. We've still had bad fights, but as for other girls, we've been good. We were on vacation last week and I wanted to record something that she was doing. I couldn't find my phone so I just grabbed hers and used it. I went to her messages to find my message thread so I could send the video to myself and I saw a thread between her and the ex that she cheated on me with. The one that she supposedly hadn't talked to in months. I didn't read them but she swore that it was innocent and that the ex just wanted advice on her new relationship but she didn't even offer to let me read them. Every bit of trust that we had worked to re-establish was destroyed in that moment. I remained calm and tried not to think about it because I didn't want to ruin our vacation. 

I couldn't not think about it. It's been weighing heavy on my mind since and she's also acted weird on and off these past couple of days although she said it wasn't because of me. I'm so paranoid now that whenever she's on her phone, I think that she's talking to that girl or another girl or doing something that's going to hurt me. I asked her last night why she didn't offer to show me the messages and she immediately got angry and said that I didn't ask. Then she said that it was always something with me, that I always had to find something wrong and that I was petty for bringing it up days later. And that something was wrong with me mentally because it's "like a switch". One moment I'm okay and the next I'm not. She said that she puts in 100% in our relationship and doesn't get shit. 

I give this girl everything I've got. I have literally put blood, sweat and tears into our relationship. I do my absolute best to be perfect for her because I just want her to be happy and I want us to be happy. We both had to work today so we didn't really talk this morning, when we did, it was argumentative. She texted me and I tried to explain why it bothered me and how it would have bothered her, had the roles been reversed and her reply was "Okay, I was telling her how I missed fucking her". I told her that I was through forgiving every single time she fucked up, and that I wouldn't do it anymore. That if she wanted to have exes in her life and talk to other girls in that way, that it was fine but I wouldn't be around. She responded with "I was texting her that I missed fucking her from the back and making her grab the sheets.". So I told her that I was done with, and disgusted by, her and to never contact me again and to find somewhere to stay. Then I blocked her number, blocked her on all social media and haven't talked to her since. I don't really want to end us though, I want it to work so bad. 

I literally can not imagine a world in which she does not exist. I don't want to go back to a life with no happiness at all. But sometimes she makes me feel lower than anything. Like maybe I don't want to try anymore, maybe I just want to give up on everything. Maybe if life ceases, I'll have some peace. Which is how I feel now. Maybe there is something wrong with my mind and maybe the switch does flip too easily, I don't know. I just want to make this right, I do believe that she loves me, I don't doubt that. But how do I help her learn how to? What do I do so that she only wants me? How can I handle things better? I just want us to work.