Fiancee feels cheated, I feel worthlessSo I'm getting married in two weeks and my bachelor party was this past weekend.  It was always joked that I would end up getting a lap dance at a strip club and my fiancee even joked that she would pay for it.

The bachelor party goes well and I'm fed several drinks (to the point of minor blood alcohol poisoning the next day, far and beyond the most drink I've ever been).

The planned events end and it is up to me for what to do next.  So I say "well why not a strip club?"  It's something I was always curious about since high school so I thought, it's now or never.  I really was just interested in the novelty of it.

The place is disgusting, seedy and gross, but my friends and I had a kick rolling our eyes at one another.

I finish my last drink of the evening (maybe number 15, either way far too much) and i'm told by my friends to receive a lap dance.  I stumble to the back and receive what I can only imagine is a typical dance, except the girl took my hand and placed it on her chest.  At no point through any of this did I feel any attraction to the women there.  Even this one girl was not of my choosing.

The next day I tell my fiancee everything.  Not out of any sort of guilt, but more because I wanted to share in the freakshow.  My fiancee who was on her bacheloette party says she was very good that it was extremely tame.  We had laid down a no "bases" rule beforehand, so the fact that I touched this lady's bare chest she feels as though I cheated on her.

I cannot explain to her enough that I was as far from attracted to the girl as possible but she still feels betrayed.  There is no talk of if splitting up over this, but she is very hurt and I feel like the biggest failure.

I can't bear the idea of hurting her, and I know losing me would hurt her more, but I cannot think of anything other than punishing myself.

I've never made an attempt before, but I did use to hurt myself.  I feel it would be putting too much on her shoulders to come out with this, but I can hardly function enough to think of anything else.

tl;dr drank at bachelor party, felt bare breast, fiancee feels betrayed, I feel worthless