I'm Filled With Hate, and Cannot DanceHave you heard the album No Dogs Allowed by Sidney Gish?

I just fucking hate everything, man. I like my assistant, I like a handful of songs, I like my dogs, I like my co workers, I like some of the people I work with (clients?) and I like my friends. I like my grandparents too. But I am in constant fucking anguish. 

I had this whole mopey speech typed up but I hate that kind of stuff so thats gone. This post is only here in case I die soon. By myself or something else. I just need some post somewhere to exist that lets people know that I am fucking miserable. When my friends check my reddit account I need them to know that I went out with a head full of hate. I go to sleep feeling sad and angry, the dreams give me a break most nights. Some nights I wake up sad and angry because my brain decided that I don't suffer enough during the day and that I need to experience visions of agony while I'm supposed to be resting. I wake up in the morning feeling sad and angry. I drive to work sad and angry, a lot of days I don't even listen to music anymore. Some of the people I work with are cool but they're starting to wear on me. I hardly ever even see my assistant anymore. Most of the people I work with I try to avoid. My co workers are all great people except for one (two). My boss is great and whenever she brings me distress it isn't on purpose.

My dogs fight, violently. It has fucked me up. I can't risk being with them alone because they will actually kill each other. I'm not strong enough to keep them a part and even if I CAN get them apart there's a chance they'll mortally wound each other with the first bite. 

I have to keep going because logically something good will happen eventually. But god damnit I don't like it. I don't like the way things have gone. I have to see it through to the end to see if it's all worth it but at the moment its absolutely not. I just want to yell and put holes in my wall. I want to smash all my machines and fucking stomp on all my work. I want to take a hammer to everything. I want to tear everything apart until there's nothing left. I hate it all. Money will never be an issue for me again. I can create almost anything. I haven't had time to work out but soon I'll have plenty and I'll be in great fucking physical health. But none of that matters. Because I'm not allowed to have what I want. It's written on the fucking fabric of space and time. "   will not get what he wants, no matter how hard he tries." I made a fucking BUSINESS for you. Just to get your attention. Just because I thought you'd like it. And you would've. But I'm too fucking late. You picked someone else. Fucking very funny. It actually is. Its funny in a dark sense and thats totally fine with me. But I'm the punchline, so don't blame me for sinking even deeper because as far as I can tell that's my purpose. I'm supposed to stand back up, get even stronger, and fail even more spectacularly than before. And I KNOW that I don't deserve what I want. Because when I don't get it I throw fucking tantrums online. I pout and mope and cry like a fucking toddler. I don't like how I act. I CAN help it, but I don't want to. I want you all to know how much pain I'm in. I know its shallow pain too. No ones dead, no ones even hurt. Everyone in this scenario is doing fine except for me. Because my stupid fucking desires don't play out. boo hoo. If I wasn't myself I'd look down on me with disgust. AND WHILE I FUCKING SIT HERE AND WHINE, some poor girl is reaching out to me. I don't know why. No, I do. But she shouldn't. I am fucking vile. I have the NERVE to sit here and REEEEEEEEEEE into the night about being shafted while ACTIVELY turning down others. That's how its always been. This is fucking divine justice. And its a very funny situation. And I'm glad its happening to me, because I deserve it. 


What's going to happen when I check out? Void? Afterlife? Simulation? What? I hope its a simulation. I hope I come out of a machine laughing. I hope I get to laugh. Even if its not a machine. Even if its some form of afterlife. I hope I get to laugh about this. I hope I get to laugh on my way out at least. That'll be the safest bet I guess. That way even if there's no after-event the last mark I'll have on this endless universe is laughing at how terribly I handled my short time here.