X-post from r/self - Reddit, I found potential suicide letters in my mum's dresser and need words of wisdom or advice.
I originally posted in r/self as I wasn't sure where the right place for this was, but someone suggested I post here for advice, so here goes.

I am 19 and live with my parents until next year. Throughout my life, my mum has stuggled with depression and suffered a massive breakdown when I was a child. She has been doing so well the last few years, and still has "down" periods, but her life is so much better and her depression is largely controlled by medication. However, today I discovered somethig very upsetting. I opened her drawer looking for something, and found a couple of letters. Now, a couple of years ago the same thing happened, and I found a letter adressed to my dad...I know I shouldn't have read it but I succumbed to that morbid curiosity. I snooped in something private, and regretted it, but I couldn't help myself. This letter was clearly intended for after my mum had died.

My mum is only 52, leads a very healthy life and has no underlying health issues, so it seems odd that she was writing this. After reading it I felt pretty shocked that perhaps suicide had crossed my mum's mind again after so many years, and this really threw me. I thought about it for days and felt so guilty but I never said anything about it and gradually forgot about it, rationalising it in a number of ways and putting it out of my mind.

So today, I wasn't thinking about anything like that when I went looking for a make-up item that I thought might be in this drawer. But, there they were. Letters to me and my grandma (I think there were more to my sister and dad but I didn't want to look further). Again, I peeked when I know it was private and I shouldn't have. But I kind of knew as soon as I saw them, and seeing one addressed to me I picked it up and began reading instinctively. This letter was dated September 2010, so this was written AFTER the one I found a couple of years ago, and was clearly intended to be after my mum had taken her own life as it said things like, 'I know you will feel angry, and hurt, but remember I will always love you'. This pushed me over the edge. It's so surreal to read something like that, intended for after her death. I can't even imagine what I would do without my mum. She is my best friend and we look after eachother mutually, possibly sometimes I take on the role of the mother more, but I take for granted how much I really need her around.

It upsets me so much to know that sometimes my mum is this unhappy, and actually thinking about her own death, and moreover preparing for it. This is the second time in the last few years I've found something like this and it kills me. OK, so she didn't actually do anything about it these couple of times but who's to say she won't feel like this again and something might really push her over the edge?

I know there were some factors, like her dad's decline due to dementia and eventual death in December last year, that could have been why she felt so low...but I'm so worried. She hides her depression so well, especially from me because she thinks I can't handle it and in a way I can't...what if this is on her mind more than I think it is? I know I shouldn't have looked, and that is the moral of this story I guess.

Reddit, thank you for reading this, it feels better just to get it off my chest. It would be great if anyone could offer words of wisdom, or share stories, or anything really.
