Just don't see the point anymoreHave been on the fence about it for so long. Every time I hear about other people talking about the subject of suicide they always go on about how much it will hurt the other people around them, but no one talks about the person that is actually hurting. No one tries to help them or anything, but just guilt trip them into not doing it.

A few weeks ago I took a handful of sleeping pills, but unfortunately it didn't work. All I did was passing out, throwing up and being extremely sleepy for a day or two. The only thing I could think of was, "Great, I can't even get this right."

A few weeks ago I broke down and talked with a friend about how I have been feeling and the things going on. Told him I have been thinking on killing myself for a while. He ended up calling the cops because he thought I was going to do something and to be fair I may have that night. The cops show up and so does the firetruck. Firemen take my vitals and chat with me about things. Cop ends up saying unfortunately i need to be taken to the hospital. Tells me I can go with him or a ambulance. I told him I have no money and had to give up food today so i could afford my medications. 12 hours at the hospital they send me home. So I get to walk 5 hours home since I can't afford any transport home.

Well turn time goes on and the bills start rolling in. First its $700 for the ambulance that I didn't call, request, or even see. Since they didn't take my vitals, transport me or render any aid at all, my insurance will not cover it. Then I get 2 bills from the hospital. one is the $65 ER visit co-pay and then a second $65 ER co-pay because the secure wing inside the hospital is considered a second internal hospital so I went to two hospitals in a 100 yard walk.

So now I have over $800 in bills for talking with someone and they got worried. I don't have $800. I can't even afford to eat and get my medications. I asked for hardship paperwork and filled them out, but was disqualified because I make to much money. I am on disability and have a fixed income. Every hardship paperwork only cared about what I made and had doesn't ask what your bills are.

So now I have no money, more debt and want to kill myself than ever. I bought a gun today and plan to walk into the woods and end it by the end of the year.

The only thing I have learned is to never open up to anyone, never ask for help and to help no one else ever again. If you ask for help all they will do is bill you and take more money that you don't already have. No one cares about you, just taking more of your money. Why bother being here.