i feel like i’m trappedhi, i’m 16 and i’ve been contemplating suicide on and off since i was about thirteen. this year it has been the worst urges in a couple years. i don’t know if i’m allowed to mention this here but my self harm habits have also been the worst they have in years. i was clean for around 2 and half years before relapsing this year.

to sum it up, i’ve been living in an abusive situation since i was born. my father is verbally, mentally, and financially abusive. it’s been hell all my life. i’ve had my highs and lows due to the fact i’ve made great friends and met my boyfriend and my mom and i have a very good relationship. it’s just been so increasingly hard lately, i just feel so tired and weak of going through the same thing day after day. i’m 16, and a junior in high school. i have so many dreams and goals for when i grow older, but i still feel like i’m 12. i still feel like the girl in sixth grade who felt so far away from being able to get out of this situation. i don’t feel like i’ll ever have control over my life, or be able to leave my cramped bedroom. i feel like i’ll never be able to leave my room in the daytime to get food instead of waiting until one in the morning when he finally goes to sleep so i don’t get screamed at.

i want to move out so badly. but everytime i try to plan or research or talk to someone, they always tell me to wait, or that’s its unrealistic. i told my mother recently, and told her i want her to come with me when i do leave. even she said it’s likely not to happen anytime soon. i cant keep waiting to leave this. i cant cope anymore. i used to have so much motivation and will to do better in school, work on my art, read, listen to music, be with my best friends, and just soak up any kind of knowledge that could make me happy. i’m so fucking drained, i feel like a corpse. i hate looking in the mirror because i hate acknowledging that i’m even alive, that everyday isn’t just the same thing over and over, confined to my bedroom.

i’m so scared to, because i don’t want to hurt the people who love me. i feel so lost, and everything feels out of my control and i feel like soon i’m just gonna do it without even thinking twice. i’m sorry this is so long winded but i just don’t know what to turn to anymore. 