Idealizing suicide from a young age (20F)This isn't a call for help. I have been through years of therapy and have learned how to cope with the thoughts that will never truly go away.

I have always idealized the thought of committing suicide, and have attempted twice in the past. Once when I was 16, and then right after I graduated High School at 18. I was in pain, suffered through years of emotional trauma and sexual assault as a child. My biological mother is a narcissist, with a very bad taste in men. She tends to latch onto those who turn out abusive but have money, then calls it 'love' and forced that love onto me. 

I was raped by her current husband when I was 14. I never told her until after my father took her to court to get custody of me at 16. She didn't believe me, called me a liar and said I ruined her husband's life. No charges were made against her husband, there was nothing put on his record per my request- I was angry at him for stealing my childhood innocence from me, but what good would it have to be angry? I stewed in that anger for years, self-hatred internalized and self blame rapidly consuming my every thought.

After my second attempt, I started to depend on the thoughts instead of the action. I've been in therapy for about.. 4 years now, and have been told that writing down my feelings should help- there are probably lots of posts by me about the topic of my biological mother. 

Recently, memories of my childhood have resurfaced after recent therapy sessions. The reason why I have never seemed comfortable around my older brother (24M), why I never got along with him well. Memories resurfaced and I could vaguely remember being in a hotel room with my family, I think I was really young, probably 8-9, when he grabbed my hand and forced me to touch him inappropriately. I remember yanking my hand away and then the memories fade out into fuzziness. 

I don't want to tell my father because it was so long ago, but the memories are eating at me and my head keeps telling me that the best way to go is suicide- but I know I won't go through with it. My head just tells me that it's a solution if things go wrong. If my dad reacted the same way my mother did, I could always kill myself and rid myself of the misery that my mind puts me through. 

This isn't a call for help, but advice is accepted. I'm okay, I'm safe. I have therapy and I'm on medication that while it helps with my severe depression, doesn't make these intrusive thoughts stop. I've learned to be at peace with the thoughts in my head, because at least I'm not going to go through with it.