Planning on suicide because life is boringIm 25.

Ever since high school life became this gray boring cycle of Work &gt; Gym &gt; Maybe meeting up with friends &gt; Sleep

Nothing is fun anymore, everything is just barely tolerable. I come home exhausted from a job I absolutley hate (Im a welder and a construction worker), go to the gym, meet up maybe with some friends but its all so tiresome.

It seems like nothing is fun anymore, everything I used to enjoy doing is dull or just pale. 

I used to enjoy video games back then but they dont entertain me anymore, I dont smoke, I dont drink, I dont masturbate.

The only thing that keeps me half alive somehow is music and playing guitar with my band.

Another issue that comes up alot in my head is the fact that I often miss emotional and physical intimacy to the point where I become frustrated and I can actually burst out crying mid-day. 

Last girlfriend I ever had was in high school, and we were together for 2 years before breaking up.
Ever since then any woman I tried to ask out/flirt with straight up rejected me or ghosted me for unexplained reasons, I tried every thing possible, being funny, smart, being myself, but nah. Nothing works.

My best explanation for this is that Im just straight up unattractive to the casual woman for reasons beyond my control (I guess its because Im 5'4 and balding). I work out 5 days a week for 6 years already, and the only upside of this is that I have 
a very muscular body but what does this gives me? Nothing. 

So I just stopped trying, and there goes, the same nothingness and zero dating life just like I had, but without a lot of headaches and emotional torment that it put me through.
And by the way I dont have social anxiety or any other mental blockages when interacting with people.

I have friends and a lot of female friends too, so no, there is no problem there. But if ilI ask out one of my female friends theyll reject me just like happened before with other female friends of mine in the past.


Im not depressed, i dont have problem sleeping or eating, just really burnt out and fucking bored.

Bottom line for all of this is that this life is not what I wanted it to be and things really turned out opposite of what I imagined them to be, I wake up everyday to the same fucking thing and its all so tiresome. I dont want to be bothered and annoyed by people anymore, and I dont want to deal with the romantic loneliness bullshit anymore, it has been on my shoulders for far too long.

 I have no more desire to continue to dwell in this boring mess, I live alone and since I dont believe in god, there is just an endless abyss after death for me, and no one would give a fuck. Not that I will have the abillity to care or anything, ill just be free of pain.

I plan on ending it all soon enough.