I don't want to kill myself, but sometimes I wish I could just die because I'm tired of struggling through life, and I feel so alone and don't know where else to turnFirst of all, this is going to be a book, so I am sorry.

I work as a lab scientist at a drug testing lab.  I review the data of the samples after they've been analyzed.  I can't fucking stand it.  The lab that I work at has a very low tolerance for mistakes, but yet they are very interested in productivity.  In fact, they make me feel like I am only as good as the number of batches I put out and my error rate.  They literally don't care about anything else.  And on top of that, they've created an environment where people like to point out each other's mistakes.  It's like a witch hunt, but I admit I'm guilty of it too; it makes you feel good to know that you're not the only one making mistakes.

I'm terrible at my job, or at least the company I work for makes me feel like I am.  I got in trouble recently for making too many grievous errors.  My supervisor asked why I think I make them and the only reasons I could come up with were that the place I am sitting is too distracting and that they make me worry about my numbers too much.  I've also been recently diagnosed with ADD (and been prescribed medication), but I didn't tell her that for fear that they will fire me.  I've been sitting in a different cubicle and trying to go slower, and that seems to be helping my error rate, but obviously it's not helping my productivity.  I was feeling good about it for a while, but after talking to a different supervisor this weekend, she told me an estimate of how many batches 3 of my coworkers are capable of getting done, and it was way beyond anything I've ever been able to complete even when I was going fast.  I've been getting 16-18 batches done a day ever since I slowed down, but she said that some other people would be able to get 20-30 batches done.  That's nearly twice as many as I am able to do.  I feel like I'm on the brink of being fired, and honestly why wouldn't they? At this point it's just smart business.  Why keep someone who can only get 16-18 batches a day if they can replace me with someone who can get 30 done a day?  I've thought about asking someone else that I know goes fast about how they do it, but that would be admitting to them that I am slow.  The supervisor who yelled at me originally said she would "protect" me from being fired if I stopped making mistakes even if my numbers were low, but I don't know if I can trust her.  What if the board of directors pressures her to lay someone off?  I would be first on the chopping block because I am sure I get the least amount of batches done per night (hopefully the least amount of mistakes too but I'm worried that's not going to help me).

Another horrible thing about my job is a rotating schedule.  There are three schedules (M-F, Tues-Sat, W-Sun) and we each rotate.  My two best friends work at my company, and since we all rotate we almost never have the same days off any more, so it's really hard to get support from my friends.  I'm in a long distance relationship too, so the rotating schedule makes it even harder to see my girlfriend.

I could look for another job, but I just feel like it's going to be the same no matter where I go.  And I don't even know if I like what I'm doing any more.  But I feel so stuck because I am in so much debt from going to college and master's school for what I do, that even if I tried to find a different kind of job I would like more, I wouldn't be qualified for it.  And unless I win the lottery or something, I can't afford to go back to school for something else unrelated.  But even if I did, I don't even know what I really like to do.  I enjoyed the biology classes I took in undergrad and the some of the ones I took in grad school (like the toxicology ones).  I feel like I'm not good at anything and I don't really have a passion.  I guess I like video games and writing, so I've thought about being a game reviewer, but again that's something I'm not qualified for, and I wouldn't even know how to get started.  And even if I did, it isn't like I would be able to review the AAA type of games I like playing anyways.  Plus, do game reviewers even get paid enough to pay off my student loans? Those are another reason I feel like I'm going to be struggling for the next several years, its just so much debt.

Like the title says, I don't know where to turn any more.  I've talked to my parents about this and all they say is that I need to leave the company asap, and I should find something I'm more passionate about.  But I find this difficult for the above stated reasons.  My girlfriend isn't able to help me that much either, and in fact can be a hindrance sometimes.  For example, I had a miserable day at work on Sunday because it was the epitome of Murphy's Law.  Instead of trying to make me feel better and supporting me, she got angry at me for not telling her when I was starting work that day (I'm poor at remembering things and I get reminded of this often).  She was mad at me until yesterday when I called her to work it out, even though I was already super depressed.  But when I told her last night on Skype that I was depressed, she just kinda brushed it off so that we could watch the movie we planned on watching (a movie that I didn't want to watch, mind you).  She's planning on coming out this weekend for Easter even though I work (I guess she's inconsistent, sometimes she's not supportive and other times she's very supportive, like when she comes to visit on days I don't have to be off so that I don't have to be alone on a holiday), and I made an off hand comment this morning while we were discussing our plans and she said "I don't even have to come out," which is her response every time we have a disagreement about one of her visits.  I told her I was very depressed, which was my way of crying for help, but all she told me was that she can't help me and that I need professional help.  I love her very much, but I was hoping for more support than this.  Is that too much to ask?

I started seeing a therapist a long time ago for anger related issues, but he's not much help on this topic either.  All he tells me is that I need to ask the universe about what I should be doing or some new age bullshit like that, and that I should work on my resume and find a new job.  One of the biggest lessons I've learned from him is to let go of the "shoulds" and judgments that I hold against myself and others, but that's only a temporary solution.  I can tell myself I am a "good, competent, magnificent person" all I want but that's not going to make me hate my job or my supervisors any less, and it's also not going to increase my productivity or find a job that I enjoy more.

I am currently very depressed.  I don't have much of an appetite, even though I've been trying to eat because I know I'm making myself sick.  I try to eat something but I can't get much of it to go down.  I'm just tired of struggling through life and want it to end, even if that means dying.  I don't really want to kill myself because of what it would do to my friends, family and girlfriend.  I'm also a Christian, so I am afraid of what happens to people who kill themselves too.