Born with nothing -- leave with nothingWhen I was 16 I was in the position in my life where I had a bottle of pills and bottle of hard liquor. The idea to fall asleep and never wake again seemed appealing. I thought of my family -- how I would be letting them down. How they spend 16 years of their lives raising me and that I would be throwing that in the toilet selfishly.

I told myself that I should give it 10 years, wait to see if things get better. Everyone told me it would. I'm now 26 and I don't feel my circumstances have improved.

Since then, I graduated college, got a good job in technology -- have good hobbies (I like gaming, reading, software development, hiking, talking with people, etc). I had quite a few people I would talk with throughout high school and college -- but none of them became life long friends. I have a buddy I see every now and then (maybe once a month) that I've known since high school -- but that's it. My best friend who I met about 7 years ago was recently diagnosed with MS and a rare form of cancer in the liver (a 17 lb. tumor). He lives with his girlfriend and I rarely see him anymore (between him having to work two jobs to pay for bills and spending time with family and his girl friend). So, I lost my best friend I could emotionally connect with. My brother who is 28 is busy building a life with his girl friend. I'm living with my mother and step father (who are in a loveless marriage where my mother is cheating on my step-father -- and I've confronted none of them about it). However, she openly lied about not cheating (when I have hard proof of nudes sent over the phone and scheduled meet ups).

The 3 friend circles I had in college disappeared. I was only in two semi-serious 2-6 month relationships -- where one person ghosted me and the other cheated on me then dumped me for him. I never really felt I've emotionally connected with anyone and every time I allow myself to be okay with the idea -- I have more evidence to not put faith in anyone else.

35% of people in my age group are married, 30% are in a relationship, some % left over are fine being single, and the other good portion are very damaged people. The advice I've been given has gone from "you are young, don't try -- love will find you", to "love will come when you least expect it", to "you have to do things to appear more attractive than other people", to "you need to lower your standards some", to "maybe in a few years, someone will value your finances". I feel all is bad advice.

I have lots of lady friends -- they all wonder why I'm single -- yet any of them I've ever expressed interest in had an excuse why they couldn't be in a relationship then or are in a relationship now. So -- I've basically accepted I will die lonely.

I guess the only empowering idea left is 'when'. 10 years later is a long time. I'm on a successful career path, I could have my own house, support myself in the next 2 years... but I'm asking for what? We all go away in the end. No one will remember who I ever was in 100 years from now. I don't know anything about my grand father. Hell, I don't even remember what he looked like let alone my great great grandfather. Did they ever think they were leaving a legacy or cared? Life is supposed to be about experiencing -- but maybe the ultimate experience is the last experience?

I've researched a few painless ways to go and the idea is more sweet than leading a life of loneliness. I think I'm incapable of love because all i've been around growing up were attachments. I never been approached once by a woman and I looked pretty decent and in good health. Life is really just feeling too exhausting to keep against the grind with no purpose.