Hello. My name is Christian, and I am going to kill myself this year. (long text)I came from a broken family. Mom was a manipulative, narcissistic, quick to anger caricature of a mother. She was the kind of mother who'd tell you she regrets having you to your face. The kind of mother who say hateful things about your father and in the same breath tell you you reminded her of him.

My father, while the better parent by far, was too much like me to provide any real help. My mother was right. We're practically the same person. Same mannerisms, same interests, we even look the same.

What happens when these two people breed at 19 and 20 respectively? With no money or any idea how to raise a child? You get me. A severally depressed, anxiety ridden, developmentally stunted, jackass with no morsel of self esteem, and a lifetime of negative experiences to wish for an early grave.

I've been depressed for a majority of my life. In fact, my teens were completely robbed from me as a result of it. My father kicked me out of the house at 18 for being disrespectful and I can't say it was unjustified. I was an angry little shit. but I was also very sad. Well, due to the stress of my life at the time, I developed TMJ. And then tinnitus. The biggest devil in my life.

Music has been one of 2 things I've ever loved. I make it in fact. and it's all I've ever really cared about. Now with Tinnitus, I can't enjoy music. not mine. not any. My passion has been stolen from, and I can't do anything about it. Having Tinnitus for this long apparently cannot be cured. And with this, my life cannot be saved.

If you check my post history you can see my battle with my mental health and happiness. And I'm here to say I've lost the battle. I've got a plan. right down to the exact spot I'm going to shoot myself at. Right down to that very shotgun model. right down to the alcohol I'll inebriate myself with as I wait for the train. 

I hope you all find peace and happiness and true love, and a way off this subreddit. Much Love to you all.