There really is no other solution other than suicide for meI've asked reddit multiple times how I can improve my life and whenever I read their advice, I just want to die. All the curiosity goes away and I slouch and get emotional. There is so much. I don't want to do any of it. It all hurts and takes energy. All the awkwardness and feeling uncomfortable. I can't talk to people because of my anxiety, lack of topics, lack of experience and me being an introvert and hate talking because it drains my energy. 

I'm lazy. I never pay attention in school and never make my homework. I don't understand anything thats being taught. I can't focus and I learn very slow. I'm stupid. School makes us have presentation and I always cry the days before because I don't want to. I hate my self. When I come home I have no hobbies. I'm so tired of all of it. I hate the setting. I'm so tired of this life.

I have no friends in real life and I don't want any because I hate myself. I cringe every time I think about me having friends. I cringe when I think of intimacy even though i crave it. It makes me so uncomfortable because I hate my face and it feels so wrong for me. 

No one shares my views and it hurts to be so alone. I'm often bitter and angry because I'm frustrated with people. No one understands me. I hate my family and live a double life. I hate so much but love nothing. 

I hate my body. I hate it so much. I'm so tired of my height and face. People don't care but then again why should they? I'm extremely uncomfortable with attention but part of me still wants it. The difference between me and lots of people here is I don't feel deserving of any help. I don't feel entitled to it because I didn't earn it. I'm a leach, a liability, a burden. Just by being here I cause pollution and cause animals to be slaughtered just to feed me, someone that doesn't even want to be alive. I just want to die so badly. 

Sometimes I wonder what if I eliminated all my insecurities and all my problems. What then? I'll realize that it was all for nothing because I have no goals. I don't want anything really. Maybe my goal is to die. We all have our dreams, mine just happens to be a little different and straight forward. We are all going to die anyway, so life is meaningless. Why should I not do it now? What if I worked on myself for years? - when do I enjoy life? - What if i die early from natural deaths like car crash or something in the middle of the process of working on myself? I would've spent my whole life suffering from anger, depression, loneliness, insecurity, anxiety, boredom and pain.