I done fucked up. [long rant]I don't even know why I'm typing this out for all the world to see. Maybe, for once, I want to be honest, to leave an account of everything that's bothering me. TL;DR: My life is a pile of shit and I probably will end it before nature does it for me. Sorry for the wall of text and any errors, English's not my native language and all that. 

Well, where do I start. I should probably not be depressed, or even suicidal. I'm nearly 25, living in some European country. I don't live in fear of getting shot on the street, I have a fairly decent roof over my head and I don't have to worry about getting sick and not being able to pay the hospital bill. I even have a couple of friends that are, probably concerned about me and would like to help me and I am currently in therapy for family problems.

But it doesn't look so bright down here, in a place where all dimensions collapse and fold in on themselves, where the pressure grows until there's no more space to exist. I'm a mute lump of flesh, just some pathetic worries wrapped in skin. I wake up in the morning feeling okay, maybe even enjoying some activities, but I end up somewhere entirely else in the evening. People say that I must be a strong person, to deal with these thoughts and still being somewhat cheerful. The truth is I simply don't give a shit about myself anymore and can't be bothered to be affected by my sadness. 

I've survived until now. I was born without having the chance to prevent that and was, for the first two or three years, probably treated quite well. I was deemed quite intelligent and people were expecting that I'd turn out to become something decent, an academic of some kind, someone to be proud of. Oh, how mistaken they were. 

My life has always been a string of "second-class" bad things. 

I used to take musical lessons from the age of 4 until I was 8 or 9. I resented it, not because I didn't like the instrument, but the teacher forced me to sit on his lap, with an obvious sexual subcontext. I was never raped, so I probably shouldn't feel as violated as I do now, but it still makes me want to tear off my fucking skin whenever I think about it. I went to school and was instantly the target of bullying, for some reason I still don't understand. It was probably not that bad - I was not physically harmed, they just made fun of me. I skipped a class to get done with elementary school quicker. I went to high school. The bullying continued. I made quite a lot of enemies among the teachers because I didn't give a flying fuck about my education, and because I couldn't be made to see the sense in homework. I still came quite far, but I dropped out when I was 16, one year before graduating. I was treated for depression as a stationary patient for 11 weeks. Psychiatry was pretty much useless, because I couldn't relate to the other patients and I only had the chance to speak to an actual therapist once a week, but at least I was away from home. 

My parents were confused. They probably thought they'd done much for me at that point - never mind all the things that went wrong, though. I still vividly remember one night when I was 14, feeling terrible after a fight with my parents and crying in my bed because everything just sucked at that point. My mother stormed into the room and demanded I stop making such noise at once, because she couldn't sleep. I've never cried audibly since that day, it's just become physically impossible. There was also the night when she came home drunk and screamed at me, then proceeded to smash a plate across my head before I could even start to defend myself. She never apologized, but told everyone she was sorry, but I also made her do it. I moved out to a friend's couch that very night. 
In the end, it was not a great environment to grow up in, but they probably have never been as bad as parents who were really physically abusive. 

The mother of a close friend - who I also found quite likeable - got a very aggressive and untreatable cancer about four years ago. It still effects me to some extent, but I don't want to show that, because my friend somehow found back into life, and it was her mother after all, not mine.  

I've been cutting myself and still do, but it's never been so bad I felt like I had to go to the hospital. I've drunk copious amounts of alcohol when I was really depressed. I've hurt myself so much under the influence that some people wanted to call an ambulance. I'm actually not sure if that was already a suicide attempt, because I don't remember that night at all. I've never been a full-blown alcoholic though and haven't been drunk since December 2012. 

So, in the end, it's not like I should be suffering so much, isn't it? At this point, this story probably sounds more like a tasteless joke than like the life of a real person, because how in the world could someone end up in so many fucking messes? It reminds me of bad fanfiction, of the type of overly tragic heroes that some younger writers out in their stories. I won't be angry if you don't believe what I'm writing, or only half of it, because I somehow don't believe it myself. 

I have managed to graduate high school in the end, thanks to a highly commendable social project for dumbwits like me. I'm currently enrolled in university and want to study astrophysics, because if I have to live, I'd rather figure out the mysteries of the universe while I'm at it. It should all be alright now, shouldn't it?

But it isn't. It fucking isn't. I am pretty sure I'm going to kill myself at some point in my life. Maybe not today. Maybe in one year. If it's not depression that will do me in, or the panic attacks, then it will be the fact that I utterly fucked up my life. I have gotten second chances. Plenty of them. But somehow I managed to throw them all away and I don't want to waste the state's money, or that of my family, by continuing this hopeless trainwreck of a life. That's just how it works in science. Sometimes, experiments just fail and theories have to be dropped.
And if a miracle happens and I don't get thrown out of university at the end of this year for failing too many classes, I still won't be able to hold down a real job, because I don't think I'll be able to work for 8 hours a day. I'm just not like that, what with my head always in the clouds and my constant thinking about everything but useful things. I get tired too easily, there are days where I just can't be bothered to get up... nobody wants someone like that. I probably wouldn't employ myself either, to be honest. 
And even then, I will grow old one day, and I'd rather kill myself than worrying every night whether I'll live to see the day. 
 
I'm only staying alive because there are two people left who I don't want to hurt, but they are also old, and are not going to be around for long. There's only one thing left for me to do: I want to, finally, make people understand what kind of place I have been living in. I don't want their sympathy or rational understanding. I want them to understand the emotions I had, the feeling of anxiety creeping up your throat and clawing its way out of your chest, the crushing weight of infinite nothingness. I just, for once, want more than professional interest in whatever kind of alien I am. I want to make them feel the hurt that will, one day, make me end it all. 

Sorry for the long text. Thanks for reading, anyway. 