I don't want to die, I just want everything to have been different.I'm 27 years old and I've been contemplating suicide for going on 15 years. I'm not sure if everything fits here or if I'm going to ramble; I just want to get it off my chest. 

I honestly don't even know where to start so I'll just start from the beginning. When I was about 12 years old my parents got a divorce. If I had to speak honestly I wish both of them would die. 

My mother is what I think to be suffering from borderline personality disorder; she is insufferable to talk to about anything. When I told her that I was attracted to men her response was "How could you do this to me?" When I try to talk to her about anything going on in my life she dismisses it and then turns the conversation to her and her problems. I didn't for a long time have a problem with that, but over the last few years as my depression has gotten worse it's tiresome to be dismissed and then be asked to fix her problems. 

My father is arrogant to the extreme. I lived with him for a while to try to start a new life somewhere else. I didn't really successed there. I'm fairly certain he lynched someone. He has a noose, with the hangman's knot and a tattered cut about 3-4 feet from the noose, which he hung proudly in his office for years. His solution to everything when I lived with him was to drink, and it lead me to develop a heavy drinking problem for about 5 years. He blamed me, just as he blamed my sister, for drinking. 

When my parents got divorced I spent the week days at my mom's and the weekends at my dad's. Something strange about when they first got divorced is that I can't remember my bedroom in his apartment. I can remember everything else about it just not my bedroom. I don't have any memory of it, but I think this period is when I got raped for the first time. I always felt uneasy around my father, like something was just right and it was more than the noose (didn't learn about until I was 18), it was more than his day to day behavior, it's always just been a gut feeling. One of the last things my sister said to me before she died was that she had the same uneasy feeling about him and how she had thought she had seen it happening. 

When I went off to college I had this feeling of freedom, this feeling I could change everything. It faded quickly. I failed a lot in college, in high school I never studied and passed with a 3.5, in college I studied but could never retain the information nor fully understood the concepts. I thought I understood them, but essays were always returned with poor grades. It really started to sink in there that I wouldn't amount to anything, and that feeling has proven to be true. 

Since college I've worked countless job, and I've walked out or been fired from every one of them. These aren't office jobs, they're low paying jobs with no prestige. Pick and packer, bus boy, substitute teacher, just to name a few. The degree I got is absolutely useless, what kind of company is looking for a Political Science major with a minor in Anthropology and no reliable work experience. I know I should of chosen a different major, something practical, at the time I had a delusion that a degree meant I could get a job I wanted. 

Shortly after I graduated was when I believe I was raped again by my father. Again I don't remember the act, but I remember what it felt like waking up. It felt like I had been suffocated, like my face had been held into the pillow and it was hard to breathe and my face felt sore. My anus also hurt, it was swollen and it just felt like I had been penetrated, at this point I had experimented with anal play and I knew what it felt like to have had something up there. 

I've never had consensual sex. I've tried several times, but I get scared and then push them away or say something repulsive to make them lose interest. Consequently, I've never been loved by someone else. I don't really even know if I do know what it feels like to be loved. 

I think about suicide all the time, at this point its just a passing thought most the time like I should do the dishes, I should load the shot gun and just end it. Not long ago I was drinking and ended up telling my dad I was going to do it and I got sent to a mental institution for 5 days. They did nothing to help me there. 

It's hard for me to make friends, I've become bitter and angry at the world and can't connect to anyone. I just end up pushing them away. 

I don't really want to say anymore, I could probably write a book on it all. If you've made it this far that cool I guess. I don't want to die but I really don't want to live anymore.

Edit : I'm just going to get more out. When I was in college I started to have flashbacks of my early childhood. One that stood out was a hand reaching out to my face and a voice screaming " faggot" I have 4 scars on the left side of my face, all of them facing the same direction and all of them in a position suggesting they happened at the same time. I confronted my mom about it because it sounds like her voice, but she broke into tears when I suggested it and told me I got them when I was an infant from scratching my face. I don't know what to think about them or the 'memory' they're just something that has bothered me for a long time. 

I have been in 3 car accidents. Two were my fault and the other wasn't. I can hardly get into a car without going into a panic attack. 

I don't know why I added those two things. They just weigh on me too.