Here's trying for random internet connections to make me feel less emptyEvery few days I talk myself out of suicide. 

I have no emotional support. My husband and I are former military and his enlistment turned him completely emotionless. He can't relate. I tell him that I want to kill myself every day and the only reason I don't do it is because of our children and he doesn't have a response. 

We fell in love because he was such a strong emotional support and truly empathetic, but now I just feel constantly alone and pathetic. We've been together for almost a decade.

On facebook I look happy and successful and it's funny to think that if I did it everyone would be shocked, they never saw it coming. I post happy pictures of cool places I take my kids and they're obviously thrilled. 

It's so funny to me because I tell my husband literally every few days that I don't want to exist anymore and he just doesn't say anything or says "I don't know what you want me to say." I tell him exactly how I would do it and I just get a blank stare.

I don't want attention, but maybe that's what he thinks? Maybe he thinks it's a passing thing? Or that I'm not serious? I think he just can't relate at all and if I'm not actively crying he assumes I'm fine. I'm desperately trying to not be so sad and hopeless and just "get over it."

I called the Suicide Hotline and the guy basically told me that other people have harder lives and my life isn't bad. He's right. I have an awesome life, which is why I hate myself even more for being so depressed when there's no actual ongoing problem. 

I don't have a reason to feel like this. I have a nice house, car, I'm financially secure, I have the freedom to do whatever I want pretty much. I can't think of anything to do that would make me happy. I tried traveling. It took so much energy to pretend to having a good time. I could recognize that they were fun trips, but I feel incapable of having a good time. 

I'm just sad. Maybe I'm lonely? I moved so much with the military and my husband's career that I don't have any close friends anymore, just acquaintances. It's so hard to make friends because I can't force myself to laugh and I'm uncomfortable to be around because I'm just not happy.

I think about leaving my husband. Maybe it's the shit marriage I'm depressed about? He's not a bad person, just emotionally detached. He's a great father, just a terrible friend. I used to be a happy person, before the military and before this marriage. Maybe I'm just mentally ill? I grew up to be crazy? I seriously don't know.

I've gone to therapy and I'm normally so relieved to talk to someone that wants to have a conversation that I actually get mildly happy just from the session and then the therapist thinks I'm fine and don't need to be seen. Then I go home and life feels so dark. 

I tried meds. They worked temporarily but then it always felt like I just grew a tolerance to them after a while. I was taking Zoloft 100mg for about six months.

For some reason I'm able to suck it up in front of my kids and they are really happy. That's the only thing I'm confident about; I'm a good mother. I don't follow through on suicide because I know it would devastate them, but God I wish I would get killed in a car wreck or something that wouldn't be so traumatic for them like suicide.

The only comfort I get is thinking about ways to die that would look like an accident so I can cease to exist without my children blaming themselves. Then I feel bad thinking about how they would fair being raised by my husband.

I am starting to notice patterns though with these feelings. It always, always happens whenever anything from the military is brought up. Letter from the VA? Crying for hours. Military recruitment commercial? Now I spiral into thinking about the military obsessively for the next couple of days. Other things trigger it too. Almost anything really. I've become extremely dysfunctional.

I don't know how to fix this.