I have attempted three times.I have been a type 1 diabetic for 24 years, I am now 30. I attempted at 12,17 and 28.  


The first time I just wanted to be normal and be a normal kid so I didn't take my insulin, spent two days in the hospital on a drip, throwing up anytime I swallowed water and convincing doctors I forgot to take it.  


Second my father blamed me and my condition on his separation. I took a lot of insulin, freaked out and ate my way out of it without letting anyone know.  


Third my wife told me she wanted a divorce because of my depression and not seeking help and all the other shit that comes with be depressed/anxiety. Took 120 units of nova rapid and took a walk for two hours, decided I'm being stupid and went home got arrested and then checked myself into a hospital for three days.   


My mother used to bring me to people in old folks homes who lost limbs to diabetes and explained this is how I am going to end up. The doctors at CHEO would tell me by the time I'm twenty I would lose my legs. There is sooo much more, its endless and continues everyday of my life. I can't get away from the past because its mostly connected with my condition and every time I go to take a shot its like being reminded of everything...  


Everyday, every moment I think of killing myself. The burden of this disease eats me every day. 34,000+ needles in 24 years. I have not taken care of myself for 16 years. I do not test my blood sugars I just inject what I feel and I'm physically healthy, in fact more so than I have ever been in my life.  


I don't know what to do anymore, I'm afraid of everything and I don't know why. I am always anxious and suicidal. I could take a huge dose of insulin at any moment of my choosing but yet I don't. I have a 2y 10m old Daughter who I love completely, ive been taking care of her as a stay at home father for the last two years and holy fuck have I done a great job. Taking care of someone else is sooo fucking easy I wish it was the same for taking care of myself. Everyday I feel like I'm running from killing myself but its there everyday "just kill yourself" I'm running out of juice. Tired of the insults from people who think they know what I deal with every moment. Tried talking in a Type 1 support group but their stories are even more depressing. People who have 5.1 AIC "super amazing" and they are having kidney failure or losing limbs... here I am 16 years without testing my sugars, never going to doctors. I have been trying to kill myself for sooo long and here I am, healthiest diabetic that doesn't do anything but inject.   


I don't know how much longer I can keep going. thinking of checking myself into a hospital to get better but I am afraid ill lose my daughter and then I will truly have nothing to hold on to.