I can't do this anymore. I can't keep hoping. (Very long story follows)I can't keep hoping that life will get better. My entire life has been one of pain and heartbreak. 
My parents hated one another but got married cause I was 1 and my mom was pregnant with my sister, a fact they both resent me and her for. This is even after the fact that they split up when I was 2. My dad is an extremely abusive person both physically and mentally. Self entitled to everything in life because of his family's money and that he was an only child who was babied by his mom. After that I lived with my mom, who was not fit to take care of me for both health and mental reasons but I still loved her cause she was my mom and all I knew.
One of my first memories is being taken away by cops and put in the back of a car with my dad who I had no memories of or didn't even know. My mom lied and said it was only going to be for a few weeks then I would come back. That never happened. It was when I landed in Connecticut that I met some of the worst people in my entire life, my new stepmom and stepbrother. 
The first night I was there was the first night my stepbrother raped me. I was only 5. This lasted until I was 12 and they got divorced. My stepmom even walked in on it one time and blamed me. When my dad found out, he beat the shit out of me. But those beatings were nothing new to my sister and I.
Nothing was ever good enough for him. He had no reason to be angry or abusive he just was. If he was an alcoholic or something maybe I could've forgiven him but there was no reason. He beat my sister and I for anything and everything. When he wasn't hitting us, he was telling us how we ruined his life and that we were worthless.
I did my best to shield my sister from his wrath and my stepbrother as much as I could. It was my duty as big brother to protect her. However, there was no one to protect me. 
My mom tried several times to get custody but she was poor and couldn't afford the same legal help as my dad. No one would believe us about the abuse so we always went back to our dad. The only person who believed us was my paternal grandfather. He was one of the greatest men I ever knew and stood up for us against my dad.
By the fifth grade, I was already beginning to fight against depression. I weighed less than 50 lbs in the fifth grade despite being one of the taller boys in my class. I wouldn't eat, I wouldn't sleep and it only got worse. I was afraid to tell anyone that I wanted to die cause they wouldn't believe me or be angry. So I suffered until one night while on the way home, I tried jumping out of the car. I wanted the suffering to end.
I spent the next month in a pediatric mental hospital. It was one of the worse places ever. It was cold and unfeeling. They numbed me with medicine. The only good to come from it was people finally believed me about the abuse, although I never told them what my stepbrother did.
From there I went to live with my mom and things looked better until my grandfather died. He had been diagnosed with dementia and didn't recognize us at the end and we only got to see him once after we left our dads. When we tried to go to the funeral, my dad and his mom wouldn't tell us where the ceremony was and I never got to say goodbye to the greatest man I ever knew.
Things seemed better until I got to high school. I was still battling depression but I was starting to get better. I started dating this one girl but it went south quickly. She was controlling and manipulative. She said she loved me and I latched onto that so I stayed. She would constantly accuse me of cheating or threaten to kill herself if I left. I knew it was unhealthy but I stayed because I wanted to feel loved and I thought I loved her.
I went to a college closer to home rather than my dream school for her cause she didn't get into college. However, I got caught up in drugs as a way to self medicate my own depression and how she made me feel. She left me for that and spent the next two years torturing me. She would text me for booty calls or to just taunt me that she would never come back. I tried to kill myself several times during this time and was hospitalized several more times. No therapy no medicine would help.
Two month after one of the times we hooked up, she texted me to tell me she was pregnant and had an abortion cause she was disgusted at the thought of having my child. I spiraled out from her. I turned back to drugs mainly amphetamines and ecstasy because they made me feel happy. I would go days without sleeping or eating. I would hook up with random girls just to feel connected to someone but it never helped. I pushed people away and was self destructing and close to death. My best friend tried to help me but all he could do was watch me waste away.
Then I met her. She was a coworker at the restaurant I worked at. I was currently in a shallow but abusive relationship with another girl, but the first time she looked at me I smiled for the first time in months. I couldn't explain it. She had done nothing but she made me happy. The more we became friends and hung out the more I liked her and wanted to be with her. She knew nothing about my past or life but she accepted me for who I was. She made me smile and laugh. I felt happy with her and it was effortless. I left my girlfriend and asked her out.
The day she said yes was one of the best days in my life. She was my dream girl. The longer we dated the happier I became. I felt love, true love, for honestly the first time in my life. She helped me get clean and finish school, she even encouraged me to get my teaching certification. I was getting help and things were looking better.
After 2 happy years together, I asked her to marry me and she said yes. I was the happiest man in the world. We had little money but we lived comfortably and began saving up money for the wedding. We began making deposits and planning the wedding. We set a date, May 31st, 2017.
Everything seemed perfect. We were happy and looking forward to our future. We wanted to travel and see the world together. We rarely fought and even when we did we always managed to work things out.
Then 3 weeks ago, she tells me she doesn't know who she is or what she wants anymore and can't marry me. She said she doesn't think it would ever work and that she has to leave. My entire world crumbled before my eyes. The woman I loved, who saved my life, who I wanted to share the world with, left me. 
I lost everything, my fiancée, my best friend. 
For the last 3 weeks I've tried to fight against this but my depression is back and it's worse than ever. Before I was used to the misery but this time I was happy, I was doing well, making this that harder. I can't eat, I can't sleep, I can't function at work. I'm in constant pain. I just want it to end. I want all of this to end. I've tried to be strong. I've tried to have hope. But hope is worse than this. Last week I tried to hang myself but the rope came undone when I went unconscious. Those few moments when I went unconscious and didn't feel anything was the most peaceful feeling in the world. When I came to and realized it failed I was crushed. 
Now all I want is to just die. I want that peace back. I don't see a way out of this, I just want to stop hurting.