Why am I a psychological masochist?I haven't seen my psychologist in like 9 months and I've been meaning to ask for his insight, but I assume this is a great place to ask since there's a lot of first hand experience here. I just wonder if it's common.

I get a sick pleasure from being depressed. It's very bitter-sweet. I obviously feel like shit and get thoughts of hurting myself or just feel like giving in and spend all day in bed with that literal heart-ache...but at the same time a part of me welcomes that feeling, and although I very willingly go through treatment in the form of medication a part of me doesn't want the depression to stop.

Now I'm BSc in psychology and want to minor in neuroscience. So my immediate hypothesis is that when I'm depressed my body tries to combat it by releasing chemicals...probably endorphins, or possibly dopamine or adrenaline to try to "cheer me up". Which makes sense to me, because that means when I get depressed I'm getting a "high" so now I associate depressed feelings with positive feelings as well...Which obviously conflict, but explains the feelings I get.

Another I think co-existing hypothesis I have is it also has a social psychological reasoning. I think it makes me feel 'different', a way to sort of define myself. Especially in the last couple years it's who I've grown into, so specifically 'curing' it is like changing who I am. Also it's an excuse or way to get attention. Now I don't really want a pity party for myself and I've never really liked attention...but sometimes it feels nice to use it as an excuse to break down and not have to be strong in front of others.

I don't know. Just something that I think about sometimes and would like some insight. Whether hardcore knowledge or speculation, all is welcome.

Edit: I'd also like to point out when my depression is the least, when I go for weeks or months with it barely showing up do to my amazing girlfriend taking care of me, I find that's when all my other emotions go ramped, like anger and jealously. I think I like being depressed because sometimes it's nice just to be numb to all feelings. and although you're always gloomy, and almost never genuinely happy, you're mind is so much clearer and emotions don't get in the way of decision making and stuff. Which considering I've always been a man of logic, I find this to be very important to me. To have a clear mind.

Edit:Edit: On the same note, I notice when I'm in a rut I'd much rather listen to super depressing songs rather then upbeat happy tunes that would surely help lift my spirits...Odd creatures we are.