I just don't think I'm fit for this world.I apologize in advance for the lengthy post, but I would really appreciate somebody's help. Let me first say that I am a 19 year old man currently in college. I have been having on and off suicidal thoughts for a couple of years; usually I get past them, but lately I feel myself getting closer and closer to actually killing myself. I spend hours thinking about what to say in a suicide note and I get this feeling that just ending everything would leave me with no more pain. There has only been two things I've ever been super passionate about in life those are being a great dad and being a great husband. I have never been ambitious, I don't care about achievement, or money. I coasted through school because I didn't care and I was smart enough to get b's with absolutely no work. I'm doing the same thing in college right now. I have no clue what I want to major in or do for the rest of my life. I'm currently unemployed and I have never held a down job down longer than 3 months without quitting. I'm not motivated about bettering myself and I don't really take pride in hard work. I feel like a lazy parasite who only survives based on  the support of others without any independence of my own. It takes months for me to do anything in my life such as schedule a doctors appointment or getting car insurance. I hate myself for it, but I also kind of like having no responsibilities and nothing to worry about. I have really bad anxiety new work settings, new people, they all terrify me. The anxiety is worse when I'm around men. I'm a little bit more sensitive and emotional than most of the men I know and I get such a huge sense of inadequacy when around them. I'm fairly short, small, and I have no common sense or knowledge of stereotypical "man" things. I get terrified of looking like a fool in front of people and I shut down. This fear keeps me from doing so many things. I feel like I've fallen short of everything my family, friends, and loved ones have expected of me. My father was a great tennis star and beautiful singer, my grandfather was a brilliant band instructor and composer, and my other grandfather was a literal genius who worked for NASA. I will never stack up to that not only because I lack the skills and talents, I lack the drive. I don't want to end my life because I'm sad or my situation is bad. I know things like that change. I just feel fundamentally wrong, like I will never be more than a parasite on society unable to do my part. My girlfriend is loving and supportive and she would be devastated if I did something like kill myself as would my friends and family. I also know I that I would miss out on having the family that I've always wanted and never had. But honestly how good of a father or husband be without being able to support his family. I could write a ten page essay on how I feel, but I guess this is as good a place as any to cut off. Again I would really appreciate anybody's help.