Rage, sorrow, thoughts of killing vs suicideI don't normally bother with this shit. I don't know what to expect. I'm currently blaring music via headphones at full blast into my skull, just to drown out the people around me. 

I live with someone I love deeply, with every fiber of my being. I can't imagine someone better than her. But there's a problem - her fucking friend. F for Fiancee &amp; B for bitch room mate. B does nothing but complain, looks for any possible fucking reason to cause problems, and when she comes at me, F just sits there. F just lets B scream and be a fucking bitch to me. 

I try to bring up that she's not helping by sitting there, but then she cries and starts acting like she was the problem, not B. I tell her my deep sorrowful rage towards her friend, nothing changes. 

Recently I was screamed at, once again F sits there. I tell her via text (cause I'm afraid of even talking) that my depression is worsening and I'm feeling suicidal because of her "friend". I haven't said a word. I tell in text that I want to cry, but I can't. B comes out talking like nothing happened, and F talks to her playing along with her. 

I feel like I really am meaningless. I feel broken. I feel like my F is just gonna continue to let it all happen, not do or say a damn thing. I want to yell, but I can't. I want to rage. but I can't. I want to MURDER THE FUCKING BITCH, but once again can't. I want to KILL MYSELF, but I can't.

I want to defend myself, I want to feel like I'm safe in the home I FUCKING PAY FOR. But nah, too much to ask. 

I want her to be nice, not look for the dumbest fucking shit imaginable to bitch at me about. But nah, too much to ask. 

I have threatened to leave TEN TIMES so far, but I guess no one really gives a shit. 

If I talk to F, she'll just act like I'm blaming her directly, WHEN SHE FUCKING KNOWS THAT IS NOT THE FUCKING CASE. I bring up suicide, she brings her suicide thoughts ABOUT ME. What the fuck am I even here for? For F to switch it around as if I'm the bad guy? For her B friend to treat me like absolute garbage while the woman who is suppose to MUTUALLY SUPPORT ME DOES FUCKING NOTHING ABOUT HER FUCKING TOXIC DEMON FROM HELL OF A "FRIEND"? 

I am so desperate. I do nothing in the house. SCREAM. I do everything in the house. SCREAM. 

I'm going to go to a therapist. But if it gets me nowhere again. Maybe I'll finally prove that I am a psychopath on the extreme end or I'll just off myself or I'll continue to be a fucking carpet that is destined to be screamed at for no fucking reason. 

And just in case - seen those dumb "suicide awareness" things. Woot, people are aware, like that means anything. Suicide Hotline? Most people don't give two shits, they are mostly there to get paid, and if things go south, they tell them "alright I'm calling 911 cause you won't listen" as if that'll actually fucking help. So please, don't bother with that shit with me. I never saw the point in talking with someone who is paid to pick up a phone, might as well talk to telemarketer.

&amp;#x200B;

I once again have no fucking idea why I'm bothering to post this.