20(M). Here for a friend and i need advice cause I'm genuinely fucked i guess...Hey everyone... 
I'm 20(M) and I'm here for some advice regarding a friend of mine. 
Now a little context...
I decided to get a degree in animation and hence took admission in a college for the course. I met a lot of people. Good people, great people. And also a lotta not so good people. Its been 7 months and my life has turned upside down literally.
I met a girl and we immediately hit it off. We have the same interests and somewhat similar thoughts. Both of us have been through a lot and i was always willing to help her. She was a real good friend. Until she fell in *love* with me. 
She had never experienced that before. Infact she was always Adamant that she'd never fall in love with anyone. And yet here i was.

She called me one night. She said she hadn't slept for four days because the thought of confession was killing her and she did confess...
I personally didn't have the same feelings for her. I still don't and i explained that to her. I explained to a degree that she calmed down. 
Next day, she told me she had cut herself up. Not a simple cut. She started above her palm and cut till her bicep. She told me she lay in the pool of her blood for an entire night. Just crying. And it was because of me...
I feel like a fuckin monster. And i am still traumatized.  She used to cut herself before that. But nothing to this degree. There's still a huge scar on her hand. 
I was fucked. I still am.

Later on, she started acting weirdly. Literally.
A few people *influenced* her against me. 
Me talking to other girls became a Problem. 
People have always talked behind my back, and suddenly, she started to believe all that Shit. 
*Oh he's talking to that girl who's in our group. She's a bitch. He definitely loves her. He doesn't deserve you.* And she always used to burst that anger on me. 
She later confessed that she was wrong and she shouldn't have believed that. But ofcourse this statement was a temporary phase.

She started targeting my friends. *Why do you go out with him everyday?*
*Why does he talk to that girl and not me?*
*Why doesn't he pay attention to her?*
*What does he see in her that he doesn't see in me?*
She's jealous of the girls i meet. She's jealous of the boys i go out with. 

We had a college trip and we talked in like 3 degree temperature. She wanted a reason for rejection. And tbh, i never reject someone because of a *reason.* I told her that i just didn't feel the connection required for a relationship. And i explained this to her. I never left her through her phase.

She messaged me a few weeks ago.
Told me that she wants to change how she looks or how she sounds. Cause according to her, those things are more important. When i asked about the cuts she replied *I dont think I'll ever stop that.*
She justifies her behaviour by saying *I'm tired of being worried about you.* And it just fucked me up even more. 
Recently (like 4 days ago) she targeted one of my closest friends and talked aggressively with her. 

I even had a dream where i saw her jumping off of a cliff. When i consulted a friend he said, *considering her... This might actually happen.*
And he was right. If she does decide to commit suicide, I'll be blamed for everything. 

I talk to her, she has a Problem. I don't, she has a problem. I help her, she has a problem, I don't help, she has a problem. I try to save her, nope. I don't try to, still nope. I've done everything in my power and I'm just too tired now. Not tired of her, but I'm at the last straw of my strength myself.
I never imagined myself getting caught in a situation like this. What did i do to deserve this i do not know.

The way she cut herself up still fucks me up everyday. I haven't felt so disgusted in my life and I've been through a lot myself. But thats not the point.

What should i do? I've decided to email a few suicide prevention sites. I'll explain the situation to them... Also, as i said, she doesn't accept help. So I can't *physically* take her to a therapist. She did take treatment from one... But she decided to stop.
Ironically, her sis is a soon to be psychologist. 
She hasn't cut herself up recently as far as i know.  But her attitude and sadness and the approach towards life that she is taking is... 

Please i need advice... 