That Time of Year Once MoreI have these moments where I get so depressed that I barely do anything. It used to effect me a ton as a child. My grandmother, whom I've always lived with, would yell and prod at me to get up after days laying around in my room. These depressing feelings still gets in the way.

I think about my life up till now. I remember this woman during my school days who once said, "if you don't start taking your lives more seriously, you'll look back to moments like now with regret." At the time, I thought she couldn't have been more wrong. But I was the one who was wrong. Because I do regret the decisions I've made.

Of course, it isn't over for me. I'm not some elderly woman looking back at where it went wrong. I'm actually a young adult, and I do know where things went wrong for me. Rather than following my own path, making friends that I had more in common with, I decided to force myself into a group of douches that didn't give one damn about me. They were all about appearances, and I was some nerd who only wanted to talk about video games. Innocent in comparison to the morons with their SoCal crap on. We lived in Pennsylvania, on the opposite side of the fucking country, yet they were draped from head to toe in Hollister gear. They were essentially putting it on in place of a personality.

There was one kid I was friends with for a few years till then (this was 2011). We had drifted apart. Not out of spite, but because we traveled in vastly different circles, so it made visiting each other a chore an a half. He committed suicide during a time when I was working up a nerve to break the ice with him again. February 28th, almost 6 years ago now. I found out he was dead a day after everyone else did. In the crudest way imaginable, at that. It totally  fucked with me.

I feel really depressed. My home situation is crap, and I'm in the process of moving out. I might have to sell everything I own to get the money I need to find a place. But if I continue to stay here, something drastic might happen. I'm not afraid of what they might do, as much as what I might do. It scares me.

I'm torn between simply wanting to die, and actually living my life to see where I end up in a certain amount of time. I have a plan, but this bipolar crap really gets in the way. If I can get over that, and follow this plan to the letter, I should be where I want to be in life. But whenever I hear stories about suicide, or in this case, when it's the time of year where I'm reminded about my friend's passing. I keep thinking about how easy it would be to do it.

I have no reason to believe that someone would read this and give their opinions on it. But if they did, I'd appreciate the perspective. More than anything else, I think that's what I need.

Thanks,
Bye!