I'm sick of it all.Fuck the throwaway. I don't care who knows anymore. My roommate's a Redditor, maybe he'll read this.

This all sounds utterly pathetic when I write it out. I’ve spent the past five years doing absolutely nothing of any worth to myself. Haven’t gone to college. Haven’t advanced my life at all, aside from moving out of my dad’s house. For the past two and a half years I’ve worked a job I despise; it’s dismal, dead-end work that doesn’t pay anywhere near a livable wage. I don’t know how much of my misery is caused by that place and how much comes from other things, but it’s the absolute worst place for me to be for my mental health, and I have no choice but to go. It’s that, or quit my job, and I live in an area with next to no jobs, and I have no transportation. Quitting my job is tantamount to suicide, and I want so badly to do both. My life is utterly pointless; I go to work at night, spend 8 hours there looking like a disheveled corpse, then come home, sit at my computer for a few hours, sleep, and repeat. Nights off, I just sit at my desk, doing whatever I can to stave off the ennui, which isn’t much. The only happiness I feel anymore is chemically assisted. I have no family anywhere near me that I care about, barely any friends left, and anything I can do to get myself out of these circumstances takes time on the order of years. I’ve spent too much time doing nothing but existing, and I’m tired of it.  It feels idiotic, having such petty material concerns hurt me so much. But I'm sick of struggling, sick of having to try to make it on my own merits. I have no merits. Nothing of any worth to offer. Somewhere along the line I fucked up, or got fucked up by my circumstances, and I'm just... tired. I can't keep doing this. I’m tired of dragging myself out of bed and going to work when I genuinely wouldn’t give two shits if the building burned down and everyone in it died. I’m tired of lying to my roommates and telling them I’m alright, that it’s just work stressing me out. I’m tired of making Tumblr posts like this one, and having people I don’t know pretend that they care about me because it makes them feel better about themselves. I’m tired of cars missing me on the road, I’m tired of fantasizing over and over about dying because it feels like the only thing I can do to get out of this rut immediately. I’m 22 and ever since I was 18 or so, I’ve felt completely out of place in the world, like there’s some secret to not being miserable that I’m missing. 

My greatest wish, and this is no joke, is to be miraculously killed, right this second. My life’s never felt like it’s been in my hands. Neither should my death be. I don’t have the guts to do it myself.