Twenty years is too longI had this whole rage typed up, filled to the brim with curses and hate.  But it didn't seem to help so I tried another method, slowing down, taking the time to actually touch on all of the things that got me where I am right now.  

I have been clinically depressed for over 20 years.  Starting at the age of 13 and I will be 34 this year.  I wasn't medically diagnosed until I was in college, but that is mostly due to the fact that we never talked about anything in my family.  Maybe that is why it is so hard to talk to anyone about anything real that is going on in my life.  

I can never really let anything out or cry in front of people, it just feels wrong.  At work I used to cut myself or poke myself with needles to keep the tears at bay.  At least back then I had a job.  I finally got fired for my attendance since I had to leave one day after literally ripping chunks of my hair out.  It still hasn't grown back fully in that spot even though it has been almost a year.  

I haven't been able to find another job.  I had to cash in my 401k to have money to live.  Now I have less than $70 to my name and was really counting on getting a refund since I paid in over $4000 off the 401k money in taxes.  Today I filled out my taxes and found that because I cashed in my 401k that they penalize for that and I will not get a refund and that I owe my state over $1000.  I haven't paid my electric bill since I don't have any money and was really counting on that refund to get caught back up.  

I hate money.  Back when I had TV, I would see commercials for those bridezilla shows, where the brides would complain about a beautiful wedding that cost over $500,000.  And I would think to myself, I could live for ten years on that money, better than I have in the past ten years, and they throw it away for one evening that they don't even enjoy.   I feel like I am being petty and jealous, but I can't seem to change the way I feel.

I don't understand the world, I don't understand the point of all of this.  I have tried therapy and medications and all of that, many times over and none of it seems to work.  The pills help for a month or two, and then they stop, even after upping the doses and trying all the different kinds.  I can't even remember the names of all of the different anti-depressants that I have tried.  The last ones I was on completely messed up my sex drive and even after stopping them it hasn't come back properly.  

I feel bad for my long term boyfriend since I never want to have sex anymore.  I truly wish he would find someone else to be happy with.  I have told him as much, but he refuses.  I am so conflicted, I have sex with him to make him happy, but it makes me feel awful.  I want him to be happy but I hate the way I feel afterwards.  

He had a child with another woman while we were broken up for a while.  I didn't find out about it until 2 years after he was born. I resent the fact that I didn't know about his kid when it was a baby.  I might have been able to bond with him and be able to accept him into my life.  I hate myself for not being able to accept it now.  I hate myself for not being able to give this kid some amount of affection.  I know that it is not the kid's fault and he doesn't deserve it, but I can't figure out how to change.  I hate myself for resenting my boyfriend because I feel like he ruined my chance to have children, or at least I did when I thought I might want them.  Now I realize it is probably better that I not have children.  I can't even take care of myself properly, how could I possibly have a child to take care of.  But what is the point of life if I don't have something to pass on?

I have nothing notable to pass on, why keep fighting everything to stay alive?  I will make no great discoveries, write no best-selling novels, or compose awe-inspiring symphonies.  How do people find happiness in such a lack of purpose?  

I hate not knowing why we are here or what is the point of all of this pain.  I hate knowing that I will never find out the answer.  I hate the voice in my head that whispers that I will get to find out when I die, making death that much more appealing.

It gets worse everyday.  Especially now that I can feel my body breaking down.  It feels like I am a walking cesspool of infection.  I get horrible skin infections, but have no insurance and can't afford to go to a doctor.  So I take care of them at home, the best that I can, but more often than not, I am wishing that the infection just spreads into my bloodstream and kills me.  

I am not a religious person, but I believe that there is the possibility of something being out there.  And every night before I go to sleep, I can't help but pray that I don't wake up the next morning.  I beg and plead for my death, to allow my death to be a miracle for someone else.  Let the kid dying of cancer live instead of me, they would at least appreciate life in a way that I can't.  And yet every morning my prayers have gone unanswered. 

I don't want to place the burden of a suicide onto my family, it isn't fair to them, but how is continuing to live in pain that will never subside fair?  I see people say that things will get better, how, when will things get better?  Even when things weren't as bad as they are now, I wasn't happy.  I don't even know how to be happy anymore.  It has been too long since I knew what that felt like.  