I had to make a throwaway... I need someone to hear me out.I've always had to fight to get love. I grew up that way. With my mom... She always picked her new boyfriend or husband over me. And as much as I love her... I resent that she doesn't remember my childhood because she was too focused on every other guy in her life.
But then she met a man who was so abusive. So severely abusive. He threatened us, hurt us, he was a SICK fucking killer. (Literally...) He killed his brother. He was my stepdad. I spent a lot of my childhood scared to death of coming home, but being too much of a loser at school to take comfort in the trust of friendship. To get the emotional support I needed as a little kid. I started going to therapy...but it never helped. The therapist was sworn to secrecy. She could never help. Maybe she failed me by not reporting the abuse. But going home was frightening. I would run as fast as I could to my room and just stay there. I would pray he didn't see me. I rarely left unless I had to. I immersed myself in books as a result. Probably why I'm so obsessed with Harry Potter. It's the series I found myself reading again and again and again. My only escape from reality was those books. They became my life because mine was too frightening.
My stepdad cut a hole in my wall when I was a kid... He would watch me at night. Daytime, too. Once when I was young I decided to touch myself. I was a kid, and I was curious. Turns out it's not that all that rare for a kid to do this unconsciously. Well, I was doing this, and heard a noise so I looked up, and my stepdad quickly closed the hole in the wall. I don't know if I could ever see a guy the same way. I've never trusted men in relationships. I try to, but I can't. 

Maybe it was a defense mechanism against him, but I would repeat this sentence to myself in a psychotic state. I can't even remember the sentence anymore. But I DO remember that I had to say it a certain way, at a certain speed, with the exact words. And if I didn't do it perfect, I'd have to do it again. And if THAT was wrong, AGAIN. And again, and again, and again. Well, I had a lisp. So did I get the sentence perfect? No. Not once. Never did either. I would end up falling asleep SOBBING the words out to this sentence I couldn't say. I'm not sure if it was my fear of him or not... But looking back now, I have a feeling it was. I was later diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder in high school. 

I think my stepdads abuse is the reason why the only man I've ever truly been in love with was an awful person. This boyfriend treated me like shit. Didn't give me the love I deserved. He abandoned me. Never put me first. Slept with other women and gave them his heart. But somehow I loved HIM more than any of the men that treated me well.
No other guy has ever earned my trust. Any good deed they do, I assume is to hurt me. I have this terrible paranoia. If I hear people laughing when I walk by, I think it's about me. If someone tells me I look nice, I run into a restroom to see whats wrong with me. If a guy tells me he likes me, I assume he's a sick pervert who just wants sex. Then I abuse myself by sleeping with men that don't deserve me and the things I have to give. 

I do thoroughly believe that I am a sick person. Mentally. I am wrong. I am fucked up. I am sick. I don't think I've ever deserved the chances I've been given and I REALLY believe that my endometriosis is a part of my karma cosmic punishment.

My childhood wasn't enough of punishment I guess. My stepdads brother tried to kill me in elementary school. One of the scariest moments of my life. I never saw him again. Years later (quite a few really) I found out my stepdad killed him. Not in revenge for me, but because he wanted something that their parents left to the brother.

But his brother wasn't the only problem. My stepdad used to choke me. Hurt me. He would beat my mom. He'd hit me, he'd hide drugs and alcohol in my room to make my mom believe I was the problem in the home and that I deserved nothing more than a cheap bed in the basement. This went on until I was 17 years old. 

There was 2 years that I moved in with my dad but that wasn't much better. My dad had an alcohol problem and couldn't deal with anything. When I was 15, I decided to kill myself. I didn't have friends. I hated my life. I assumed god had abandoned me like he had Jesus. So I decided to do it. Took a bottle of Excedrin. But I woke up the next morning. I was paralyzed. Was finally taken to the hospital and ended up with pneumonia. I had an inhaler for 6 months.

When I got home from the hospital, my dad told me "Anyone who tries to kill themselves deserves to die". This set me off. I slit my wrists. Deep. Hard. I was bleeding so much. I still have deep scars from them that day. I called my mom. I told her to pick me up. She said she would in a few days. She said she left my stepdad and that we could be happy together.

So a few days later I moved in with her. Things were good for a while. But then she said she loved him and that he was moving back in. Things were back to how they used to be. Hiding drugs in my room, not letting me come home at night. I was 16 and dating a boy named Ian at one point and had to stay at his house and explain to his parents that I wasn't allowed to come home because my stepdad would hurt me if I did.
This same year, my dad tried to commit suicide. Then my sister...A few months later, my mom made an attempt as well. 16 years old and everyone in my family tried to off themselves.

I will never be able to lead a happy or normal life.

I currently live in a studio with my sister and he girlfriend. (Which I never agreed to, her girlfriend just chose to move in one day and refuses to move out)

Today the girlfriend was trying to help her friend who wanted to commit suicide. My sister said that they should just do it. They had nothing to live for. I told her that she was a sick person for saying such an awful thing, given our history, and she laughed and said "And the best part is? I don't give a fuck." Needless to say, I've been sobbing now for a good while. No one is available to talk and all I can do is keep remembering things from my childhood and sob some more over it again and again. This is my life.

I'm hurting. I can't sleep at night. My sisters girlfriend turns on the lights while I try to sleep and I end up sleeping in my car some nights.

My boyfriend can't be there for me, he tells me to pray to god. As if that makes up for my childhood. God abandoned me as a kid, and I will not pray to him now.

My friends are all busy with their families and boyfriends. I ask for help on facebook and get called an attention whore. I give up. 

I want to kill myself. I think about it every night. Without fail. I can't imagine myself and picture a future for me. I think it's because I don't have one.

I need someone to talk to. I need help. I need someone to NOT tell me "it will be okay."

It doesn't matter if it's okay momentarily later, because I am hurting NOW!