Increasingly suicidal thoughts over the last few months.I don't know where to begin really, so this probably won't be too coherent, but I'll give it a shot.

I am incredibly unhappy. There is not one thing in my life that brings me happiness, not one thing that when I wake up in the morning I think to myself, *Yes, this is worth getting out of bed for today.* Every moment of every day just seems like I'm killing time until tomorrow, and the same again the next day, and so on. There is no point to anything, at all, no reason behind anything, no reason to get up in the morning, no reason to carry on.

I don't have any friends. I thought I had friends, but recently have come to the conclusion they mustn't have really liked me. I was always the one who initiated contact  with them every single time, so I thought I'd stop for a while to see who actually talks to me....it's been nearly 6 fucking weeks and only one person has bothered to speak to me. ONE FUCKING PERSON! and even that was only 5 days ago, just over 5 weeks after I stopped. Even the one true friend I thought I had, who followed my to the same University across the country has fucked off with some new girlfriend and I haven't heard from him in weeks. This is the same group of people who pretty much forgot my birthday. It was about 4pm on my birthday when in the space of about 20minutes all of my social circle text me to wish me happy birthday. Obviously one of them remembered and let the rest know...you can hardly call that subtle. Oh, did I mention that I had a completely different group of friends a year before that who I no longer speak to because I'm a self-sabotaging prick who doesn't deserve friends. The loneliness is crippling. Yes I've never had a girlfriend, but I couldn't give a fuck about that, I just want someone, or a group of people I connect with, but it's hard to find people you connect with when have no passion.

I'm currently a student one year away from graduating from University with a useless degree. The only reason I'm there is because it makes my parents proud and delayed getting a job for 3 years. I couldn't give a fuck about the course I'm on, it doesn't interest me at all, it barely did when I enrolled. I don't have a fucking clue what to do after I graduate. There is not one job I can see myself in that will make me happy. I have no dream of what I want to be, no burning life passion I long to fulfil, nothing, just emptiness. It is from this that my first serious thoughts started. I jokingly said to myself that in a year after I graduate, I'll enter the real world, won't be able to find anything that makes me happy so I'll just end it all, but then tonight the thought came into my head that if I'm going to end it all in a year, then this next year is going to be a waste anyway, so why not do it now? I just want to curl up into a ball and cease to be. Not to die, but to have never existed, I haven't contributed one good fucking thing to this planet or anyone on it. 

Just what's the fucking point? Seriously. Nothing makes me happy for any length of time. I'll do something, it will be the best thing in the world, I'll get excited about it, and within a few days I'll have lost total interest.