Just some things...I'm not here to threaten strangers with suicide. What would be the point of that? I just want someone to understand my story and what brought me to this point.

When I was in first grade, I had some behavioral issues that I believe were the result of the way my divorced father raised me and my genetics. So anyways, after I attacked my teacher a few times(she was a bitch), I was expelled and had to go to another school. They could have just put me in a different class and given me counseling, but instead they decided to put me in special ed. They put me in special ed despite the fact that I was more advanced than the majority of my peers in every subject.
Up till 4th grade, I had the same classroom with the same 3 teachers and the same (literally) retarded classmates. The schoolwork was a joke. I learned nothing I didn't already know. They actually got angry with me when I completed my math workbook in a couple days and they refused to give me anything more advanced.
In 4th grade, they put me back in regular classes with regular children because I didn't appear to have any problems (even though they never dealt with my anger issues or anything. Fear of my father was the only thing keeping me in check). I tried to get along with the other kids, but by that point, I had already spent too much time riding the short bus and hanging out with a bunch of tards. If you treat someone like a retard, they'll come out retarded. I'm lucky I'm as normal as I am(which isn't very normal at all).
So, I found myself without any friends. Don't get me wrong, there were people I hung out with during recess, but they weren't really my friends. They were people who tolerated my presence because they realized I wasn't going to leave them alone.
Now, I'm 24 years old. I've still never had a friend. I've become more and more "normal" on the outside while internally my thoughts have been becoming increasingly more and more violent and psychotic. I hate people so much that sometimes I can't even remember where I should draw the line between fantasy and reality. I still have unresolved anger problems.
I feel like I'm the only one who realizes how arrogant, ignorant, and inconsiderate people are. People are hypocrites! People stomp all over my feelings as if I don't have any, and then they have the audacity to tell me I'm not empathic enough? What the fuck is that shit?! Has nobody heard of reciprocity?
No matter how hard I try to modify my behavior, I never have real friends. I have two choices. I can choose to be myself and have no friends (to be thought of as a special ed kid who is beneath normal people), or I can choose to put on a social disguise and have fake friends (People who think we're friends, but in reality, they don't know anything about me). That's not exactly what I consider a fulfilling relationship.

To other people I'm retarded. But I'm not. I'm just a normal person who is suffering due to some environmental problems that effected my development while I was growing up. I'm not retarded! In fact, I'm actually reasonably intelligent. My hobbies include programming, learning foreign languages, playing turn-based strategy games (chess, stratego, go, dungeon crawl: stone soup), and playing guitar.
Nobody cares enough to give me a chance. Nobody cares enough to even see if there could be a connection. No woman will even have coffee with me. Sheeple hate non-sheeple and everyone else is too cool to hang out with a person like me.

Anyways, I skipped a large part of my life.
I was always depressed, even before I knew what depression was. I always hated and feared my father, even back to my earliest memories (when I was 3yo). Eventually, when I was 16 I managed to get in contact with my mother. This was probably a mistake. My whole life up till that point, all I wanted was to live with my mom (or at least visit her if nothing else). My father wouldn't allow that before, but now my mom was dating someone with money and could afford a lawyer. My dad feared legal action and agreed to let me stay with my mom.
Well, my mom has psychological issues of her own because of the way she was brought up. My half brothers are similarly afflicted (It's a great circle, isn't it?). Things didn't work out there and eventually I ended up homeless. After spending a few months living outside in Washington(which is a fairly cold state) I called my dad and he agreed to let me move back in with him. That was another big mistake. It only took a couple months before we got in a huge fight and I ended up homeless again. Luckily I had a decent-paying, full-time job working in a factory and it didn't take long before I was able to get my own apartment. Eventually I lost my job and the homelessness cycle began repeating. Since then I've been homeless several other times and have lost many other jobs.

I fell into drug addiction and hung out with very sketchy people. My last group of "friends" all went to prison for an attempted home invasion robbery of a medical marijuana dispensary provider. One of them even got shot in the heart by the home owner. He lived to tell about it, but he got his leg amputated(he was also shot in the leg and ankle). There was this moment where a swat team jumped out of a truck and pointed guns at me and my "friends" screaming at us to get on the ground. I was tempted to charge towards them so that they could put an end to my pain. The only reason I didn't do that is because I didn't want my death to be on anyone else's conscience.

Eventually, I got sick of everything and attempted suicide. Obviously I'm here to write this message so you know I failed. As if it wasn't bad enough that I'm a failure at life, but now I'm a failure at death as well. The people in the hospital and the in-patient treatment program brainwashed me into believing that life is worth living. That suicide is inherently bad. Is it really though? I mean, lets think about the types of people who commit suicide. Mentally unstable, emotionally damaged people. Is it really safe for someone that unstable to be a part of society? Do we really want those genes to be part of the human organism?

Because of my inability to make any real friends, I started involving myself with extremely anti-social behavior. The worst part being my addiction to porn. Now, you're probably thinking that porn isn't a big deal, but that's because you don't know how deep the rabbit hole goes. You see... I used to have normal fantasies. Fantasies about having a woman to love and care for. Someone I could share my feelings with. Someone who just accepts me the way I am. Eventually, I began abandoning these fantasies when I realized how far-fetched they really are. Now I fantasize about downright psychotic things(and being aware of this doesn't help me to change it). I masturbate to videos of women being tortured. Screaming, crying, bleeding... I can't even fathom how much money they must be getting payed for that to be worth it to them. It's sickening and I know it, but nowadays it's the only thing that gets me off. I regularly have fantasies which involve abduction, rape, and murder.

I don't like where my fantasies are taking me and I feel powerless to change it. There is only one 100% guaranteed solution.

I know what you are thinking before you even begin typing your response. "There's medication and therapy for that!". No. No amount of medication in the world will fix my problems. No therapist in the world is going to help me. I've been there and done that and it really just makes me more depressed because it's a constant reminder that I'm nothing but defective product.

All I ever wanted was for anyone (male or female) to just accept me for who I am.