I don't think I've ever wanted to be alive.I usually just scroll through Reddit, I've never posted anything. But for some reason it feels like a good place to turn right now. This is probably going to be pretty incoherent.


So I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 12 - 13 years old I think. I wouldn't say I've ever been depressed because I've still functioned pretty well in my everyday life. I've always done well in school and I have good friends. Sometimes it takes some time for me to kind of get comfortable socially when I start a new job or say a new school in the past but that's just my personality. I can hold up a job and I'm pretty independent. To be honest my ego has been fed for a long time by my family, friends, boys, just people I meet in general. I always get complimented on my looks and my way of being so I've never had any confidence issues. There's no substance abuse, self harm, violence, trauma or anything like that in my life. 


To put it briefly, I've been pretty much capable of just going through the motions these past 8 years or so, but I've done so with no joy or excitement at all. Nothing in this world makes me excited about my present or my future. I have no hopes or no dreams about what I want my life to be like. There's nothing I feel passionate about. It's come to a point where I feel like I just don't have any energy left in me to keep going like this. 


At the start my thoughts weren't suicidal. Instead I would just hope to die in an accident, like every time I crossed the road I would just hope a car would hit me, that kind of stuff. I felt like me dying in an accident would be easier for people to accept. They would be able to come to terms with that some things are out of your control and accidents happen etc. As much as I didn't want to be alive, just thinking about how my loved ones would suffer would be enough for me to think that I would never be capable of commiting suicide. I love my parents and my siblings more than anything and they have done nothing to deserve that pain.


But as the years have gone by, and as I've grown more and more tired of living life for the sake of others, I've started to truly contemplate suicide almost on a daily basis. The voice in my head that used  to ask me to think how my choices affects others is being drowned out by a voice telling me that I'd be dead anyways and I wouldn't have to see them suffer. It's gotten worse the past couple of months as I left home and moved  to the other side of  the world for a relationship. I was meant to move to another country with my best friend to start studying, but whilst travelling I met this boy and I decided to see things through with him instead. I know you should never expect another person to make you happy, but he was the first thing I've ever been close to being excited about so I felt compelled. He loves me a lot and this could be a forever thing, but the whole thing feels pointless now as my feeling of hopelessness remains. You're in a relationship with someone because you see a future with that person; but I can't see a future for myself in any way, shape or form. Sometimes I wonder if I would have been happy if I never met him and went to university with my friend instead, but I quickly realise just how ridiculous that thought is. This state of mind has been with me wherever I've been in the world and whoever I've been with, so it's silly to think that any external aspects could change that. I know things have escalated as well because I not too long ago I found codeine in my boyfriend's house (his dad is a doctor) and I took abunch of it with alcohol. I had no idea if it's possible to OD on codeine and if it would even be enough but I still actually gave it a go. 


So I'm on the other side of the world and I need to make more of an effort here than back home. I have to pay rent and bills, I have to cook and shop for groceries and so on.  So I've used up a lot of energy in a short amount of time. Life was more manageable back home since I was staying with my parents and really didn't have to worry about anything. Sure I still had to go to work but I didn't have to worry about feeding myself or paying for utilities. But this would have happened anyways back home as soon as I moved out from my parents' house, I can't run away from being an adult person forever. But as soon as I have to make an effort to keep my life going I just give up, because I just want to cease existing. 


I made plans to study where I am now, but to be honest, if I can't die, then all I want to do is go back home and just lie in my room and waste away. It wouldn't make me happy, it's not what I need, but it's the only thing I have the energy to do. My parents would probably rather take care of their daughter than see me die. My family has always been worried about me,they've noticed that I have a tendency to be quite sad. They have no idea just how deep my despair is, but they  probably have some sort of inkling. My parents sent me to a psychiarist, but once I found out how expensive he was I insisted that I didn't need it. We've got free health care where I'm from and that includes mental health, but as you can imagine it was absolutely awful so I didn't want to go. I've gotten pretty good at pretending that I'm fine in front of my parents.


I feel like if I lived way back when in the stone age or something nature would have all ready taken it's course. If survival of the fittest was still a thing, I would've been dead years ago. I'm just not fit for life and I shouldn't be alive. But we live in a time where you have to stay alive regardless of how weak you are and I feel trapped.


My family and some of my friends are the only things stopping me from doing what I really want. Especially my mom and my best friend. It would absolutely shatter them and they would never be able to recover, I know this. I am so close to the edge now though that even the people I love the most can't stop me.


In the midst of all this, I feel like an absolute piece of garbage. I have absolutely no reason at all to feel like this. I've been fortunate in my life and I cannot understand why I feel this way. I wish I could trade places with someone who would make actual use of my life.


I really hit a wall today and I am at a loss. The mere thought of having  to wake up tomorrow and go to work and pretend to be a normal person is unbearable. 


I don't know what I'm hoping for but does anyone recognise this? An inherit feeling of not wanting to be here? I don't know what to do with myself.