Help me, Please.Hello, My name is "flow" i live in a rich third world country where is visiting a psychologist is like visiting hell.. i really wanna express how i feel since i cant go to one


Im 18 now i just graduated high school and i skipped first semester and told my family i got accepted second term .. 3 years ago my friends ditched because i tried to warn them of one of our bad friends .. i became depressed for a while and i was fat and i started working out cuz i wanted to change i reached my weight goal and felt never happier before and i started going to the gym and had a goal of being bodybuilder i was so happy i knew what im gonna do for the rest of my life ..until 5 months later i started gettin injuriess and stopped trainging and went to physio therapy for 3 months its helped but didnt work .. and after 2 years i got diagnsoed with fibromylagia .. and my mom had cancer but shes cancer free now .. and since then im anxious about my family health alot i and mine and i developed hypochondria.. i changed high school and one of my old friends was in the same class and hes rlly social and i couldnt make any friends at all .. i usedd to sit in the bathroom or pretend im sleeping on the desk but i talk to many class mates and later i started hanging out with them in school and last year on high school i started going out with them and one of my old friend was their friend and he came several time and i was so uncomfortable untill i told my friend a month later and he told him not to hangout with us .. and during high school i was so sad about my body and tried my best to heal up but i couldnt do anything ..    and after i graduated high school my cousin came to my house and i once talked about my fear of mental illness .. and he started making jokes and makin fun of me like talking to me then saying he didnt say anything he kept doing it till one day i couldnt take it and i threw a bottle of water to his face  and he shat up but later he did the joke again and  he left  my house and sent me message telling me im psycho and he ever told my brother to do the same joke but my brother told me and told him to fk off .. ..i was so nice with him rlly nice but he grew up with restricted parents and my parents was so open to me and let me do anything .. i could see his attidue of the year when he see my parents how they act with me and he get sad and try to make problem with me to fulfill his sadness wich is rlly bad cuz im rlly nice to him and my parents too ..he told me once hes depressed and i caught him watching video about someone whos bipolar .. wich made me think he is bipolar due to his parents problem and his depression .. he was rlly mean to me i dont care if hes bipolar i was treating him nicely and i have a friend who has bipolar and hes rlly nice to me .. 

so now .. i cant find joy in life i cant  sit with my parents cuz i dont want them to see the sadness in me and make them sad .. i have muscle pain but not that serious and i dont care about it as much as my feelings .. and im rlly anxious about anything and i have rlly bad hypochandria and i cant forget that i cant go to the gym .. and i sit on my computer all day play games.. and my parents are prob depressed because of me .. and about my parents they are rlly nice parents never said no to anything they accept everything  they worked hard on me .. but no point .. i grew up to be a bich who sit all his day on the computer and scared  of gettin mental illness and going crazy ... and with no goal .. no point of life .. i  was reiligious .. im not anymore i started questioning everything in life even about god .. 

im horrible person rlly horrible i cant belive im doing this to my family they always ask me why im tired .. and i tell them " ididnt sleep well today " while its depression on my face nothing else .. 
sometimes when im on airplane i wish if it just crash  and wish if i get hit by car .. and  ive had suicidal thoughts lately .."why i dont just slip my wrist and stop this stress and make everyone happier like i didnt exist " i know my family wish if i was another kid not me cuz im a loser .. today was the worst day of my life and i dont wanna do something make my family sad .. cuz i always have this in my mind .. when my parents dies ill commit suicide 

im just not me ..if i meet the person i was 3 years ago he will prob spit on my face and tell my to kill my self ... my grades are good i can go to anything i have enough money to join any college .. but this feelings this hypochandria .. this hate to my self rlly low self steem ..everytime i see someone who was fit  i just tell my self this couldve been me and get rlly depressed .... and when im with family i think of what if i was in good shape now and didnt get injuried an prob all my family wouldve loved me better and the people around me .. and i remmember i saw my old friend goign out of the gym .. it made me so sad telling my self " wow he ruined my life  and he has the life i wanted now .. just wow how the universe is stupid  " 

im going to study in canada in a month looking for new hope and new life ..i hate the place im in cuz there is so much past i cant handle it and the people are shitty too.

tl;dr : 18 yo male  changed from rlly happy and social and out going person .. to sad awkward alone, i feel lost and suicide seems easier than before ...I JUST WANNA LEARN HOW TO LOVE MY SELF and forget about the past srsly sick of hating of my self and getting "what ifs" and hypochandria is killing me I WANT CHANGED BUT I CANT THINK OF A WAY 