I think it's time to bow out.This is a throwaway. My life has kind of been shit from day one. I was born with a disorder that goes hand-in-hand with epilepsy, meaning that I'm legally unable to drive myself anywhere. On top of that, I was born to extremely abusive parents. No joke, extreme abuse of both myself and my loved ones went on for eighteen years of my life. Now that I'm out on my own, I've found that I am extremely lonely. I used to have friends in high school, but every connection lacked any sort of emotional depth. I would try to get to that deeper place, but surprisingly, all of them just wanted to get shit-faced. I'm not interested in that because of my own family's history. They all faded away once graduation happened. Now that I'm on my own in the small town I grew up in, it's a lot tougher. Nobody lives here, absolutely no one. I would drive out to find people if I could, but I can't. Just so I can get this out of the way, because I've seen these offers on similar posts when I've tried to help people feel better on my normal account when browsing this subreddit, online friends are fine, but I also need that eye-to-eye connection, you know? Someone who I won't feel like is miles and miles away. However, that's not to say that those offers totally suck, because they come from an amazing place. On top of that, I haven't been in a relationship in almost a solid decade. In my last one, some really horrible shit was taken from me that I can't get into, so I don't know if it's because of any physical appearance issues or if I just send out "abused puppy" vibes or what. So to review: no friends, no family, no relationships, life-altering medical condition that makes it difficult to fix these issues, etc. That would honestly be enough to make me consider this, but I fucked up my legs a year ago. I thought that once it was "healed", it would be fine. However, both of my kneecaps have been in excruciating pain on-and-off for months now. I've visited doctors and hospitals in the area about it and every single person has told me "just put ice on it". That would be fine, sound advice if I wasn't unable to walk on-and-off, making me concerned. So not only am I not feeling good emotionally, but I'm also in an incredible amount of pain on-and-off. It feels like life has no more to offer me.