My mom is facing a probable cancer diagnosis. If she dies, I'm done.I can't stay alive much longer.  I can't do this again.  I can't be the sole caretaker for a terminally ill parent.  It was bad enough when I was my dad's secondary caretaker and he wasn't all that sick (his death was unexpected and pretty much unrelated to his cancer.  Plot twist,  guess.)  All I do is cry.  

If my mom is diagnosed with the cancer she may have (ovarian) it's basically a death sentence.  Few people survive it, and those who do are young people who caught it early through some twist of luck.  

The guy we were referred to won't take her as a patient (which is generally code for "I don't think I can cure you and I don't want you fucking up my success rate") and now we're waiting to hear back from the person he passed us on to.

I can't do this.  I can't.  I'm financially and emotionally dependent on my mom.  I also have chronic health problems and pain that will make it damn near impossible for me to take her to and from appointments daily and wait for hours during treatments.  I have a giant fibroid that makes my nonfunctional for at least a week out of the month.  

I'll be homeless without her.  Ironically BECAUSE when she dies, I'll be cut off from my disability payments, as she has some money in the bank.  Which won't last me long and I'll have nothing left by the time I reapply for disability, and if they re-approve me, the process takes YEARS.  And you can't reapply until you have nothing to your name again.  I could live by myself on my disability income in theory (assuming I didn't want things like electricity, running water and food) but once that's gone I'm on the street.  

And even if I can somehow keep the apartment (which is rent-stabilized in what's now a very expensive area, so once I'm booted out there's no going back), why the fuck would I want to live?  My mom drives me crazy but she's the person I know I can count on.  Most things that are fun for me are fun because I do them with her.  Learning to more or less enjoy my life without my dad was hard, but this will be impossible.  I don't have friends.  My girlfriend and I don't have a ton of common interests.  I love being around her but I don't really like doing the things I enjoy alone.  I stopped doing a lot when my dad died; once my mom's gone I won't have anything left to enjoy.  

I can't afford a therapist, and even if I could, therapy has never helped me.  