Sometimes it never gets better but try to avoid this before it’s too lateImagine yourself in a situation that you can’t decide which one is easier, keep living in a situation killing you slowly or committing suicide. 
First I’m gonna explain my life. I’m in a country that I’m not a citizen in and because of that I have no rights to stay or to get a job or to do anything. I ran from my own country because I got raped, humiliated, beaten, threatened. My family said I needed to get help from a psychiatrist/psychologist or whatever and I needed to be cured because of being gay. Nobody gave me a job, my family didn’t support me emotionally or financially, once police officers came to my home because neighbors complained about me being gay, I got beaten by some people four times, my cousin and my brother abused me dozens of times when I was kid, I got kicked off from some restaurants, hairdressers, markets many times, got raped three times, and so on. So that’s why I came to this other country and I asked for help, I went to many organizations, I talked with many people. Nobody can do anything right now and I try to survive by doing some things that I don’t wanna do. I slept with guys to eat and stay with them. And now I can’t do it because of some reasons. There is an organization and they told me they can help me in 2 months, but I only have one week to stay in the place that I’m staying and also I have no money. I don’t have anything atm except my phone and some clothes. I sold my other stuff to buy some medicines and food. I was saying “at least I’m alive and nobody is telling me I need to kill myself”. It didn’t last long. I just wanna die and escape from everything but I am not dying... I am thinking of killing myself but I’m afraid to do it and I don’t wanna suffer while I’m dying. I just wanna die instantly. But it’s not happening. People say I should think about the things what I got or killing myself is not a solution. I don’t want a solution, I just wanna relieve and get rid of all these things. And also I don’t have anything to lose. No family, no friends, no job, no money. Anything. I don’t even have hope. What’s gonna happen? Am I gonna find my place in this world and people who’re gonna be my family? Maybe, but I just have one week to find these. So I’m waiting for a miracle. Anyways, I’m writing this because I know there are a lot of people like me, even worse, but if you’re reading this and if your life is getting worse, please try to find help and hope. I wasn’t expecting to be in this situation, but here we are. Always try to have backup plans, never forget that everything is possible. Even I can’t believe that I’m living this. Just be happy and make plans, if they don’t happen, make another one. Live the moment but never forget yoir future. There are millions of good people, I couldn’t find one because I didn’t have enough time and couldn’t search enough. But you have time, please find them! Everything is gonna be fine, you’ll be fine.