I deserve to die and I’m meant to dieKinda of a long story but I have no one to vent to.

Ever since I was in high school I was in a gang. I stole, I lied, i ended peoples lives, sold drugs and kidnapped people. I would sell my friends dope and watch them die just because I wanted more money. I would steal money from my parents, sisters and other classmates . I would slowly start to see my friends disappear one by one. I would lead girls to isolated areas to knock them out and throw them in a trunk never to see or hear from them again. I met a girl that I fell in love with that made everything worse. She gave me kokain and I was hooked right away. Doing anything to get more. I was reckless with my actions. Getting in fights constantly, yelling and abusing my family, abusing my friends. Soon all I had was this girl. We were gonna get married, have kids, get clean and leave this awful town forever. Week before we were gonna leave a rival gang jumped us. The girl of my dreams, the girl I loved more then anything in this world, my future wife was gang raped in front of me. I still hear her screams begging me to help her and make them stop. They had me pinned to the ground and made me watch. After they were done with her they shot her in the head. I screamed and cried uncontrollably as they beat me half to death. I had passed out and woke up in a hospital hand cuffed to a bed. The cops had me for murder, possession of drugs and attempted murder. I was only 17 and my mother made me plea insanity. I’m 23 now I’ve been back in society for 7 months. I have no job, I now live with one of my moms ex boyfriends, my family won’t talk to me and I’m all alone. I deserve all of this. I regret everything I’ve ever done. I wish I could go back. What I was meant to do in this life is done. I was meant to cause pain and suffering weather I wanted to or not. No one will read this and I’m alright with it. I just needed all this off my chest. I deserve to die and I plan on making sure that happens. If there is a hell I for sure have a spot reserved in it. 