No Friends, No family, No money, No education, Just moved to different country. No body gives a shit if i live or die. What do i do?? PLEASE PLEASE READ AND HELP. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO DO.I'm 18 year old immigrant to the united states. I moved here from India with family, which includes parents and a brother, when I was 17. My mother used to love and take care of me a lot in India. She was the only person i loved and had in my life but I was still grateful that I had her at least. But then ever since we moved here, she now doesn't even talk to me forget about caring or loving. She'll walk in the room talk to my brother give him money, so that he could fulfill his 'needs' more like luxuries and won't even look at me. We are living in a small 2 bedroom apartment so it's not like I even have personal space. I loved her with all my heart, therefore, my heart is completely shattered. I always disliked my dad, as he is the worst gender biased person ever. Give all money, freedom, and luxuries to son (my brother) and don't let me step out the house or wear any full length piece of clothing without first answering a hundred questions and then listening to their 'taunts' before and after. Which is why I have no friends or anyone else. He plus my grandparents were like that in India too, but I had the strength to face that because my mother was by my side, or I thought so. But ever since coming here, because my father literally sits home all day and we are living in an environment where women have a voice and wear and do whatever they want, thus, he has increased his restrictions and the force to suppress me by asking more questions, yelling, cursing and verbally abusing at the top of his voice while my mother stands there and watches the show. I've tried talking to my mother a million times since the past year. I cried my heart out to her, expressed that I love her, begged her to care for me and that i'll be fine with fake care too just act. I've straight said these same things on her face honestly like every 2-3 days for an year, so much so, that i've cried and have streams of tears running down my face every single time. But there was not one instance that moved her. I go to a community college which is mentally stressing me out, I started working and have a trash body which physically makes me exhausted, and I come 'home' and this takes an emotional toll, dragging the soul out of me. Additionally, I've tried talking to my brother about this about 10 times too, but he sexually abused and did things i did not consent him off 3 of the times and other times didn't even care enough to say word, just nodded. So now i'm scared to even lay on the same bed after the lights are off, leaving only the living room couch as the place to sleep for me. I have no idea what to do. My only way out MIGHT be by transferring to a far off university, but who is going to pay for the fees and living expense? and i'll probably have to go through hell to first even tell that i want to move out. Then, I can not transfer to university for the next at the very least 2 years anyway. So i'm stuck here for the next 2 years. But I don't think I have the strength to see this for even the next 2 days. Being an Aquarius and a feminist, freedom and independence are really important to me, thus my environment is suffocating me. I do not know what to do, and how to make this situation better. I love my mother, but my mind hates her because of the things and way she's been treating me since the past year, but i still can not let go of the love. It hurts more everyday, as I cry and explain her that it is hurting me and she does literally nothing. There have been 3-4 times when I told her while walking out the house that she won't see me again as i'm going to attempt suicide, and I didn't see even the slightest change in expression, let alone any concern. I'm too much of a coward to attempt suicide, even though i honestly have tried to. So i can't die either. I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. I know dying is the best and my only option but i haven't been able to do that either.