Friend attempted suicide 1 month ago and still feels suicidal. Need advice on helping him open up.Hello, SuicideWatch. Thank you for existing.

My online-only gaming friend is in the Marines. He's in his early-to-mid-twenties. He's had a girlfriend for... I wanna say a year and a half? He is away all the time, first it was boot camp and now he is stationed overseas. He doesn't tell me much about their fights, but I know they happen. Seems she tells him she can't deal with the distance, but at the same time is completely unavailable whenever he tries to get some phone time with her. I have very few details and so my theories are to be taken with a grain of salt. Still, the feeling I am getting is that she doesn't have the guts to leave him, and he is making her feel like his whole world revolves around her, so she just counts on him being away to not have to deal with the relationship. Looks like a case of the "she's just not that into you", whereas he would give his life to keep her—and recently, he tried to.

He has always had a tough time talking and opening up. He says it himself, he shuts down when things get back. He isolates himself and doesn't reach out to anyone. Recently he admitted his suicide attempt to me. I was already suspecting something like that had happened from his odd behaviour. We talked about it a little, he was willing to answer my questions. I asked whether he was glad he survived, or whether he wished he had succeeded. He said sometimes he doesn't know. I asked if he had planned it for a while or if it was impulsive. He said it was mostly impulse, that it was a buildup, and his trigger was that he and his girlfriend fought. I asked if he thought he might try again under similar circumstances. He said he isn't sure. To me, all this screams "I'm going to try again".

Being across a whole ocean and a whole continent, there isn't much I can do about it. I can't really watch over him. I know he has a lot of counselling from the Marines' ressources. I know they are probably going to send him home early. I asked if he would make a pact with me. I said: "If you find yourself about to do something you can't take back, can you promise me you'll give yourself just 12 hours to see if you don't feel any different?" He said yes to that part. I asked if he could promise to try and contact me before going through with it if there is a next time, and to give me just a few hours to reply in case I am sleeping or at work (different time zones), but he couldn't agree to that. He says he just knows he shuts down and doesn't reach out when it happens. I've seen him struggle against those instincts over the last weeks and overcome them and manage to let me in on the situation, and that's already HUGE. But I worry that he might try again, whether while still overseas or when he comes back.

Please, SuicideWatch, do you have any advice for me? I feel so helpless.