Please just listen, it's all I wantI'm still so empty and I'm hurting, I can't tell mum cause I can't tell anyone anything, one of my best friends is such a dick but I can't not be friends with him cause Ill loose other friends like my other best friend and be lonely in sport. lonleness is my biggest fear which is why I have (a friend name)as a friend because he was being bullied and he was lonely but today my best friend was saying all this really mean crap about him which pushed me over the edge. I'm just waiting till hpe is done so I don't have to be friends with him. 

 I feel like all my friendships are hanging by a thread, my other other best friend can be really selfish and close-minded and won't listen to any if my points sometimes, (this best friend) is such an asshole to friend 1,  friend 2, friend 3 and I. the rest of my friends are really nice but I feel like I'm not close with them.

 I find it really hard to talk to people as well cause the people I've already told didn't know how to react or brushed it off so it left me really insecure. then every time someone asks if I'm ok even over text I always say yes even though I'm trying to scream at them to tell them to help like something is controlling me. 

 people keep telling me I'm short which was never a problem until they pounded it into my head 30 times a day. 

I have no arches on my feet so it's painful to walk,  I have disgraphia, attention inattentive disorder, I'm short, I'm dumb, I have clinical depression and I'm over weight so I won't fit anything and feel really insecure in dresses or singlets.

people tell and send me some really nice texts but I forget about them and I always feel lonely and that I have no friends.

I've tried forcing myself to be happy but it was so hard and exhausting because I had to keep fighting against the negative part of me.  and I dek if I'll ever be happy again or achieve my goals. I want to get a job but I'm to young. I'm so sad, empty and hurting all the time. I used to be able to pretend to be happy around my friends but it seems impossible now. 

I try to be supportive to my friends but I really don't think I matter or make any impact on their life even if they say "thank you that means a lot" or "your my best friend" or "I don't know what I'd do without you". 

school is killing me cause 4 more years of this crap that I barely understand terrifies me. every assignment I don't get and I feel so dumb when I get a C- or a C and people say that it's good. especially when I try my best and I think my assignment is decent it hurts and feels like a smack in the face. I don't get any history and I know I'm going to flunk the test, same with science.

I don't even find any joy anymore, I'm so sad, anxious, depressed, empty, hurting, helpless and I just want a bus to hit me so my family doesn't have to deal with the fact that I was suffering and I want them to be ok. the main reason why I'm alive is cause I don't want to hurt my mum cause I know it would destroy her along with my sister. I love my sister so much and I want to hang out with her but she finds my presents annoying. and at night I want to talk to mum but she finds me annoying as well even though I know she loves me.

I just want to stop crying and feeling empty. it's been happening for 2 years now and I'm in grade 8 term 2. only half of the terms I have to spend in that hell hole. I'm scared that even if I do get the medicattention that I need, I still won't be happy.

I should do this more often, it may only help the tiniest bit, but that's all the help I'll probably ever get.