I just want to dieEverything is just so hard all the time and Im tired of people just telling me it will get better because how am I supposed to believe that? When I was 8 I would cry myself to sleep cause I wanted to die and now Im 20 and nothing has changed. I had an entire plan 2 months ago but on that decided to move across the country back to where I lived before so I could get better and it only keeps getting worse. Im more suicidal now and my depression just keeps getting worse. Im tired of all the shit in my head, ive been diagnosed with too much shit.  Depression ,Social Anxiety, Borderline Personality DIsorder, ARFID and ANorexia and Im tired of it all. There is no better. Honestly ive had most of these problems since i was so young, there is no getting better, its just a life of constant hell. I want to go buy a gun and just end it all, and hell I live in the south its not that hard to just get a gun. I only havent since ive been back because im back with my parents and I dont want them to find me. But at the same time I keep thinking yeah ill destroy them but ill be dead and a dead person cant care or see the aftermath. It just hurts so bad all the time and no matter how much therapy or psychiatry or pills or weed nothing helps. And ive been sober for like 20 days and it sucks so much ass, just so I can get a job. Ill never be able to actually do hat I want in life cause anxiety and depression. Its a field where there are no stable jobs and I have to constntly be looking and I just cant do that. Yay for the life oF an artist. And fuck its not even what I actually want to do, but ill never be able to do this or that. Ill always be miserable and stuck working retail or some shit with a schdule just cause I cant do things without a schedule. And then ill never fucking be loved and im pathetic and thats all I want but im fucking unloveable and ill never have a stable relationship. I just think about suicide most of my day every single day, for so many years now. I havent even cut myself in maybe 2 months now cause I dont want to, I just want to kill myself. Cutting wouldnt be enough. I can barely get out of bed ever, I only shower maybe once a month and brush my teeth even less, my room is a mess, everything is a mess. thanks depression. Im fucking disgusting, im pathetic, im helpless, im hopeless, im useless, i absolutely hate myself. I cant do this much longer, I have to get out soon. Ive tried so hard for so long and I just cant anymore. I cry so much. Im so horrible to everyone I know eventually because of my mood swings and Ihate it I hate who I am. It sucks but i truly am nothing more than my mental illnesses. Im sorry this is kinda all over the place im kinda just throwing all my thoughts down as they come, adn there are alot, I know theres more I want to type but I didnt imagine even typing this much would be so exhausting so quick. Guess Ill edit if I think of the rest of my bullshit. I dont even know exactly why IM posting this, theres no changing anyting, itll happen soon enough. I guess just thank you for listening.