NoteI've been feeling especially depressed lately (including a resurgence of suicidal thoughts), and as an exercise I wrote up a suicide note. I don't like being depressed and I want to beat it. I almost posted this in /r/depression, but I figured they would just point me here anyway. What I really want to know is - What the hell is wrong with me? All my life I've always felt like people were giving me the run around or talking me up just to be nice. I really feel sort of trapped in a world of dishonest people who would rather spare feelings than tell the harsh truth... Anyway, here's my note. It comes off a little melodramatic, but I guess they all do when you haven't actually done anything.

&gt; If you are reading this – I am dead. You may be asking "why?" and this note is intended to answer that question. For one, I have failed to achieve anything that I have ever set out to achieve, all of my accomplishments are hollow and void of any meaning (What good is a degree if you can't use it, and what good is simply graduating if you didn't try your hardest?) It makes me less than human – the lowest of the pond scum – to simply go on existing in this way. Women don't want me, they never have, and it would be foolish of me to expect them to do so later on in my life, especially given my financial prospects and my living situation. Employers don't want me, and they likely never will, as my skills and personality are not conducive to the 9-5 work for the man world many people choose to enslave themselves to. To my friends – I don't want you to blame any of this on yourselves. Go on with your lives, have kids, make money, and most importantly be happy. I know I could be fun sometimes as sort of a novelty, but overall my existence was only a burden to those I cared about. It is a better thing for me to rid them of that burden than it is for me to selfishly continue to go on in a meaningless sub-human existence simply for my own purposes. As for disposing of what remains of me – I do not want a funeral. I do not wish to have a memorial service. I do not even want people to gather in my name in any way. Simply go about your lives as if I had never existed, and give my corpse to science. I am a leech. Vermin. A horrible pox on the house of humanity, and I must be dealt with accordingly. Goodbye. 