I have lost all passion for life..The only thing really keeping me going is my son and my relationship. For years I have tried to find a way to look at the brigutside of life. I tell myself that things could better and will. Lately, I've been feeling like I've been telling myself this too often. 

My son is 15 and very social and bright, he has been getting into some mischief. What teen doesn't though huh? Lately I've been catching him go into my room to steal weed and pills. His mother and I who are friendly, but we have our disagreements. Recently found out that he was sleeping with his 14 year old girlfriend at various friends houses. This was greatly dissapointing and concerning for his mother and I both. That's really all that's going on in that department, basic coming of age stuff. 

The relationship with my wife/ex-wife has been a struggle for the last decade. We have both been at fault for the fighting and arguments, as well as the drama. Things got really bad when I was at this company for 5 years doing IT and sometimes working after hours and weekends as needed. Overtime too, for sure, but it was really just me anyway. She decided that me working so much was my way of wanting time apart, which was far from the truth. I was working so hard to support my family, she was not working during that entire 5 years and it was hard but I didn't want to let them down.

She had an affair and it went on for a year to the point where she was gone for 9 months. She demanded a divorce which I wasn't ready for and had to do anyway. It was hard and I went into a serious depression which lead to the loss of my job. I attempted suicide in the shower with a knife and my best friend broke the door down to save me. After that he stayed at my house everyday for three weeks to make sure I don't try it again.  I did nothing but smoke cigarettes and lay in a couch with the sounds of Star trek the next generation in the background and silent movies and movies related to loss  and death. My friend made sure I ate and even called my family  and tried to get me help. During this time an Asian movie called "Last life in the  universe" which was about a guy who just wanted to die, but Everytime he tried he got interrupted. Until he met a woman who made him think life was worth living. I thought this was the movie I would die watching but didn't.  

Management at my work was understanding for a time. That ended quickly and I was laid off with severance and given a letter of recommendation a month later, no real explanation and just said it's been coming. The week before my boss was telling me that I was doing much better and good work etc, should have read between the lines. I found another job quickly even without any college education or certs at the time. I have experience and currently enrolled in school but that's besides the point. The point was I had a clean slate and I could "reinvent" myself.

I finally found another job and I felt ok. I was ready to move on, and it was ok for a while. I really felt I was moving on. Then suddenly the wife shows back up, wants me back and I refused but she wouldn't take no for an answer. She stuck by, tried to iron out the wrinkles in our relationship and wants to get remarried. It took a few months before I began to really believe anything, but in the end we did reconcile and moved on. 

Few years later we move and she gets a job and is about to graduate with her degree by the end of next year. I wait about a year before I start school at 36 to ensure the full-time work and school isn't getting to her. About the time I begin school and have been at my new job for over a year,  she dissapears. I came home and found that everything of hers was gone, she blocks me and ignored everything for a week. 

Then calls, for the last few months she has been severely depressed and moved to her mom's. She needs to do it alone and failed to mention she wasn't doing well. I get upset and tell her this isn't how you don't his, I was seriously thinking she was having an affair again and with the same guy. So for two months we do this and she refuses to really talk and leaves me with all the responsibility of bills and rent and even tells me to just refinance the cars with my bad credit and leave her out of it. Once again my NEW job sees the stress and depression eat me alive.

I try and kill myself again by taking a bunch of Norco. I wake up in the tub with my wife frantically speaking to me to vomit and her fingers in my mouth. This is the first time I see her since everything happened, she stays with me and says she came by to see how I was doing. We talk and she wants to try and do this thing part time. Some days at her mom's and some days here. Well she cuts that shirt and does the whole "I need to be alone". I tell her it's over I'm done I'm over everything and everyone. I just want to die and not because of her or anything else, life is a fucking cruel joke and I want no part of it anymore. 

I hang up and ignore her for a week and she keeps calling. I try and move on and my job works me to get better. She calls and I pick up because I need to talk to her about bills etc. I am refusing to do this alone and she actually understands and says she intends to help and make amends. It's a start I guess but she makes good on it. Things go ok and she texts me about wanting to talk about bills and wants to come over, sure I guess. At this point my son is completely over it and doesn't want her back at the house. 

She got into therapy and according to her she wants to make things right with us. I tell her I'm done playing by her rules and she really needs to prove to me she wants us back. She says she does and will move back AFTER she gets better. Which I am completely dumbfounded by, of course I want her to get better. She is the love of my life. Does she have to live somewhere else to do this, I dunno and that's what pisses me off. I deal and support her either way but it's still frustrating. 

Two months later my new job lays me off after nearly two years. Because I'm not a cultural fit, it took them two years to figure that out. So now I am unemployed and dealing with all of this. Now my depression has been going on for years. I have lost my father, brother, cousins and even found my wife's brothers body. After he had accidentally over dosed on prescription medication. We have been homeless and I worked shit jobs instead of accepting my fate.

I cannot do it this time, I am 36 years old and next year I'll finish my degree in cybersecurity. I'm looking for work but I'm still alone despite the wife visiting and spending weekends with me. Lately I have just been telling her "why do you keep coming? You're just going to leave again".  Anytime she goes out of town or do something I feel would lead to another  episode. I get worse and frankly I want it to stop, I need it to stop it at least... I did. I feel like due to my decreasing health and lack of enthusiasm. This is as good as it gets and the world is a shitty place that doesn't need me anymore. 

I cannot find excitement in anything anymore and the future doesn't seem so great. Even with the education and possibilities of success and life. The moment consumes me and the depression ravages my mind. Anytime I find any semblance of a stable mindset, the dark thoughts begin to take over like a cancer. I don't feel like therapy would help, and talking with a shrink wouldnt help for the times I am alone.

I am starting to think my son needs a better role model in his life. I also think my wife doesn't really know what she wants and I will always be at the bottom of the list. Inused to be social and I used to have lots of friends and interests. Now I can barely see in front of me and my mood shifts more often than I would like. 

I don't trust people and making new friends has always been problematic. Meeting women is tedious, and quite frankly I don't really care abut making a connection. I am not in the right set if mind to bring someone new into my life and I doubt I ever will. I am not over my wife, we obviously have issues of our own to workout. I don't really know why I wanted to share this with anyone. I guess if anything does happen to me. I at least got it off my chest.