I've tried.I've tried everything. Therapy, positive thinking, trying to change towards a more outgoing perspective, attempting to be more confident, hell, I've tried half the shit people on reddit tell me I should. Don't be such a whinny, little bitch is all that I hear. I'm a loner. New people make me uncomfortable. I always fumble my way through conversations, even at work. I hate myself. No matter what I do I'm still not good enough for myself or anyone else for that matter. Rank 1 in class? Could do better. 28 ACT? Could do better. All-State Musician? Could do better. Maybe if you did better you'd have friends maybe even a relationship. Wouldn't that be nice. What do your friends have that you don't? One's a fat fuck that consistently ruins your plans, but he's a social little butterfly that is happy with his new gf after breaking up with one that lasted 3 years. I bet you love hearing just how wonderful sex is and how you're missing out. Fucking failure. You're other friend? He's smarter than you and you know it. That lanky fuck runs circles around you in the classroom most days and no matter how hard you try, you'll never catch up to his prowess. Even now you try and impress those reading, how appalling. From me to me, just end it already. Even the girl who loved you, ah yes, past tense. You even ruined that for yourself somehow. And now you're all alone. Frightened, looking for help. Desperate enough to come here. You write the thoughts that are true for those who have come here to read but you wish they weren't. Pitiful. You're not a mans man, you're not confident, outgoing, intelligent, funny, attractive, moral. You're just the embodiment of disappointment. You know your parents don't care for you, right? No one does anymore. End it. Spare me your suffering. You won't let the bastard inside you see the light of day while you get squashed under the heels of everyone. You're pathetic. Really. I wish I could have been the dominant personality. It's a shame that you were conditioned into being such a LITTLE BITCH. Quit writing. Put your phone down and do the world a favor. Stop wasting resources that others can use to do something actually useful.


With all my love,
You.