I want to kill myself but for some reason I can't do it?I dunno, maybe my conscience kicks in when I take out a knife from the kitchen draw to cut my throat, or when I get in the lift to go to the top floor of the tower block to jump off, or when I gather as many pills as I can find into a pile and go to swallow them?

Fuck knows, a long story of my shitty life short. I'm about mid 20's, my 26th birthday was a week or so ago. And I don't even know why I'm still here, I've been procrastinating committing suicide for probably about 10/11 years, I've just never got around to it. I had a fucked up childhood, my parents are divorced, my dad's now a trans gender, my mum's a slag. Neither of them really give a shit about me, or the rest of my many siblings. He just fucks off abroad to his next woman for months on end. He used to beat the crap out of my mum through out my childhood, my mum was, still is a horrible bitch to me and all my brothers and sisters. School was shit, I never went to college, I don't have anything to show for myself. I can't hold down a job without being fired, I got into trouble with the law a lot over the years. I guess that's how I take out my anger, on authorities. I've got kids I don't even see and another one on the way, all different mothers. I fucking hate relationships as well, some how, some way, some one always takes me for a fucking mug, a dick head. I just wanted to me happy in life, I never wanted anything major. I wanted to be normal. I guess I've always felt like I'm not normal, not like anyone else. I don't to drugs, I don't drink. I've lost all interest in my partner, I have no social life, no sex life, no friends, no family. I'm stuck in this tiny flat with a stupid bitch who keeps arguing with me, they always make me feel depressed. Hah, so much for fucking loving me, I'm like their slave. Do this, do that, while they just sit on online games doing whatever probably fucking about behind my back. Fuck it, I don't care any more. Writing this it just making me feel worse so I'm just going to cut it short here and go neck myself or something that'll do me in fast.