I'm ruining my own lifeI was born into a good home, with good parents, no disabilites of any kind, and everything that I could of asked for. And I managed to ruin it all. I can't do anything anymore without thinking about how much I had and how terrible of a person I am. 

I've caught myself doing lots of things that are harmful to people in the past. I can't find a single good excuse for anything I did as much as I want to say it wasn't my fault. In fourth grade I stopped talking to people. Sometimes everyone all together, sometimes I would only not talk to certain people, I would do the bare minimum to get by a conversation, but I didn't mind who I was talking to. I stopped talking to my best friend once, nothing happened between us, she got upset and I totally just rubbed it in by talking to someone else. 

I used to fake illnesses too. Not serious illnesses, I never pretended to have a sickness that required a hospital visit, and I had my share of pretending to be sick to get out of school. But I took it too far one time and convinced my friend that I had tourettes. I would move my head and arms around whenever he was near, and I couldn't figure out why because I wanted to stop doing it but I kept moving around like now I actually wasn't doing it on purpose. I stopped and pretended to forget it all, and basically have no memory of any tics. And got away with it. 

I'm really good at lying, and I used to see that as a good thing, I could trick people to give me what I want, and some of the things I did were pretty horrific. I told people I had depression and that I wanted to commit suicide. They gave me sympathy of course, and told me that they loved me and wanted me to stay. I took it and felt good about myself. Went on my way and never thought about it again. I also used to write notes to myself and leave them on my desk. Example: I would write "you suck, go kill yourself" on a piece of paper and then leave it on my desk, I would take it, "read" it and then tell a teacher someone was being mean to me. Too work much went into it. 

The worst thing I've done was during an online friendship. Two best friends, lets call them Mike and Joe, I was in the middle and talked to both of them, they didn't pay much attention to me though. I'm not sure if this was jealousy or just pure hatred, but I decided to tell Mike that Joe said that he sucks. I tricked Joe into saying something bad, took a clip and then showed it to Mike, telling him that Joe said it about Mike. Mike believed me, and stopped talking to Joe. Joe never found out why, which made him fall into a depression. Joe met another friend and I absolutely dispised him. I yelled at Joe and his new friend, and stopped talking to him. And when Mike tried to talk to me the next day I told him I faked it all and stopped talking to him as well. I think they got back together, but no doubt they hate me too.

And some of these were recently, I can name off as many as I want. I developed a hate for everything and I realized how wrong I did. And now that I'm stuck in this dumb place that I pretended to be in I totally deserve this. I don't want any sympathy, I don't know what you'll have to say but anything could help because I'm really now sure how to change, I'm afraid I'll be like this forever.