I have no friends. Being lonely hurts.I'm a freshman in college who's on winter break. I literally have no friends to talk to. Had many friends in high school, but never good ones. That's why I haven't kept in touch with anyone in high school. Honestly, as much as people hate this, I wish I was popular. I wish I had a lot of friends and was well-known. That way I could have something to do during winter break and the summer. In high school, I was known as the quiet kid. But my social skills have improved since then, although I'm not entirely extroverted yet.  I guess a lot of people knew me in high school (a fair amount), or at least people knew who I was. I was smart in high school, got A's and B's. I’m currently enrolled in a private university studying Mechanical Engineering. 

I'm literally in my house all winter break long right now. What do I do? I'm honestly trying to improve myself with /r/selfimprovement. I'm reading a lot, playing the guitar, working out, and overall paying more attention to my self-image. But, some days I just stay in bed all day and browse the internet. Or ever worse just pull an all nighter just watching movies all day. 

I don't want to make to seem like I'm isolated from society. I have a HUGE family, lots of cousins, aunts, uncles, etc. Therefore, most of the holidays and breaks, I just hang out with my cousins playing video games, going to the movies, playing soccer, or doing some sort of social event. But, I'm not happy. I love my family to death, but we have nothing in common, we just hang out because we're cousins and thats it. Like I mentioned earlier, a lot of people knew me in high school but that's because they were the friends of my cousins. I would hang out with my cousins a lot, therefore I would meet their friends. 

Somedays, I just daydream of becoming a celebrity, or a pro soccer player where I'll feel like I'm wanted. Where people from high school would be surprised of what I became. Or they'll say, "Wow, I remember that guy." But, daydreaming is far from reality. I use social media, but I don't have a lot of followers/friends. I have less than 100 followers on Instagram and that says something to me. It says that I'm not popular and I'm a loner. I barely get likes on any of my post. I know you may get annoyed that I'm craving for likes, but seriously, I'm not. I just want to feel wanted. Some days, I just scroll pass Instagram looking at my high school classmates and I get depressed. Most of them have tons of pictures with their friends and living their joyful life - and I'm just sitting here at home or at my college dorm. It really gets to me. 

My college roommate probably doesn't even like me. He has his own set of friends and I meet every one of them because I'm always in our dorm. I don't think he wants to hang out with me because I'm not cool enough. My other college hall mates are very nice to me and always ask how my day was and they're always really excited to see me. But they *rarely* ask me to hang out or tend to leave me out of things. They rarely invite to me dinner, therefore I eat all my meals alone while listening to music. 

You don't even know how many times I've cried myself to sleep thinking about how lonely I am and that I'll graduate college as a loner again. I don't want to graduate college without making good friends/life lasting friendships but people never want to hang out with me, and it really hurts. I don't even have friends to go to the mall. A few months ago, I went to the mall alone and I saw one of my cousins there. We talked and then he asked if I was with anyone. I said no and he jokely said, "Wow, loner!" I know he was joking but that really got to me. I drove home just staring mindlessly at the road thinking if I should just slam my car onto the side of the road and kill myself. Yes, I have suicidal thoughts from time to time, but never went to the doctor about it. 

I just want to feel wanted by other people. I want to have friends, not be a loner anymore. I don't think I'll make it pass the age of 20 at this state, honestly. Yes, a lot of people will miss me, but sometimes loneliness just gets through you. Please give me advice or tell me it gets better with your own personal experience. I need help.