That entitled affluenza NEET-lyfe (wall of text)I'll just start off mentioning that I don't know what I hope to get out of this, and don't even know if this belongs in this subreddit. Of course, I have thoughts about suicide, but don't even believe I could put forth the effort to even act on it. At this point I've convinced myself that this reality is Hell. I've already died or commited sucicide before and this is my punishment. Trying it again would just demote me deeper into a worse circle of Hell (a la Dante's Inferno). Obviously ridiculous, but its a theory that keeps me grounded. Ha.

I'm 27. Living that NEET life, being a lonely scumbag only child. I've had one job in a warehouse back when I had turned 18 that lasted around 6 months. I enjoyed it, independence is going to be great!. Gave me some purpose, and was a nice work out everyday. After a bit, I was Pressured by my parents into quitting seeing as it was blue-collar labor and beneath me and apparently embarrassed my family. They're very wealthy and think they're better than everybody. I used to think so too.

I've never studied. Apart from homework worksheets when I was a little kid. High school was pretty boring for me, I can't remember any  instance where I've ever read a book or done homework. Constantly failed tests. Only ever brought a travel neck pillow to class so I can nap. But in the end, my report cards always placed me in the honor roll. My parents were always telling me how intelligent and better than all the other kids. So smart apparently, that it took me until graduation to put 2+2 together and figure out that they were shaking down or paying off my teachers. I can't see any other way that I even graduated.

Going to state college was the biggest slap in the face. Being forced to be around other kids who were actually trying was good at first, it gave me the push to actually try myself. Which would have been good, if I actually knew how to do anything. School has always been a day-care with one activity: nap time. Took me until midterms and thanksgiving break to fail out. Guess not even my parents can pay off college professors.

Spent the next year trying to find a job. Taking my parents advice, at first, I strayed away from anything minimum wage so I wouldn't embarrass them. Obviously not finding jack shit. They weren't having any of it and not believing me. "This town has so many offices! Get hired in a cubicle doing data entry! Even without a salary they'll start you off at 20/30 dollars/hr!" That turned out not to be true. Towards the end of that year, the next thanksgiving, I was filling out applications to every minimum wage job in my town. Never got a call back. After bouts of crying and pleading, and since I couldn't get into a regular college, they agreed to enroll me at the local community college. Before I could be placed in classes, the guidance counselor office made me take a test behind a computer to figure out my math and language skills. I remember there were problems with fractions and algebra stuff and the biggest reality check in my life. There was a word problem about recieving a check in a restaurant and figuring out how to split it with other people and figuring out the tip. My brain shut down, "what the fuck? just give the waiter your credit card and let them figure it out". At that moment I realized math is something that regular people need to do in the real world, not just at school.

My world came crashing down and I haven't been the same ever since. Sitting in front of this guidance counselor explaining how this lack of a skill set was going to be a problem (I could tell he was really trying to help and give advice about getting into plumbing in a trade school) but my head got hot and my ears started ringing louder and louder. Last thing I remember after leaving was going to the bar, getting hammered and crashing my mom's BMW. (No consequences, it was stolen by black people)

I got cut off at that point, my parents took everything away from me, threw away all my stuff and took away the credit card. The next couple of years are a black hole. I got into drugs. Only ending a couple years ago. Fucked over most of the dealers in my town to the point where it's a bad idea to even show my face and I can't even find anybody to give me a pill. (An effective way to get clean if you manage to not get murdered! Rob your dealers houses and develop such a terrible feedback that you get black listed!)

And cue to the passed couple years and to where I am now. I stay home all day everyday in front of the computer. I jerk off constantly and chainsmoke. (My mom gave me back an AMEX that I'm only allowed to use for one pack of smokes a day) I have a deal with my local store that I get charged for a pack of Marlboros, but in reality I get the cheapest tobacco, and me and him split the difference. (I keep ~1 dollar, he keeps ~1 dollar) By the end of the week I have enough dollars put together to buy a cheap bottle of whiskey or vodka. I use that buzz at the end of the week to get my anxiety to pass long enough to talk to women smoking outside of bars to get laid. Luckily I still have expenisve enough clothes to trick them into thinking I'm not a scumbag.

I still half-try though. I've filled out applications to every minimum wage job in my area, and I repeat the process every 6 months. "Now Hiring" signs pop up and come down, and never once am I considered. 

The last 2 weeks have convinced me I'm in Hell though. I FINALLY got a call back. I answered an ad on craigslist for a moving company in my town, but apparently only their office is located in town, the warehouse where the trucks are located is in a town a 15 min train ride away. Commute would have been ~1 hr walk to my station, 15 min ride, ~1 hr walk from that station to the warehouse. ~4 hr commute everyday that's not so bad, considering. Aced the interview and they were excited for me to start the next morning. One problem though, train tickets are 2.50 for a one-way. I had to talk to my parents and told them I found a job but they flat out refused to give me any money at all. I begged, I cried, I'd be able to pay them back at the end of the week, but they wouldn't have any of it. Missed the first day of work and lost the job, that was last Monday.

To finish off the story, there was a new posting on craiglist this morning. A pizza place in my town that I've applied to 3 times before. I replied to the ad, saying I'm interested and that I've applied before and they have my information etc. Got emailed back "[my name], stop contacting us. Goodbye." What did I do?

And now I'm here. Holy shit it's dark outside, this took me so long to type. Another day wasted, another useless day. I'm sick of these days. I have nothing to contribute to society and even if I want to, the universe won't let me. I'm trying to think of ways to make the end of my life as messy as possible so as to screw up my parent's equity for this property. Maybe even setting the house on fire and burning it down completely with me in it, who knows. But yeah right, I'd never do that. I would never hurt them like that, even financially. I've stolen from them, sold their shit before but they won't kick me out.

Obviously I'm not going anywhere. And who am I kidding anyway? Let's say I got a job. Minimum wage would only bring me like 800 after taxes. One bed room apartments in the ghetto in this place according to craigslist start at 1,100/month. Wouldn't be able to move out anyway. Let alone eat. (HOW DO POOR PEOPLE DO IT???)

I just want this Hell to be over. Nobody deserves this.

Footnote: rereading this makes it sound like its my parents fault my life is shit, and I've probably convinced myself of that too. Might be true, might not be. Hard to take responsibility when I've never been allowed to take responsibility. What the fuck is responsibility anyway? Why the fuck did I even bother typing this shit?

Footnote 2: Didn't know where to put this in the wall of text, it's probably not even relevant, but going through my parents safe, I found that they updated their last will and testament. I'm not getting a penny anymore, they're giving everything to my baby cousins, or their parents if they're not yet legal. It was always a thought in the back of my mind that I might inherit everything and live a nice life but apprently that's out the window :P