I am the Defiant One.What have I done to deserve this? What have I done to someone that I have to feel this way? If there is a God He will have to beg me for forgiveness. 

I wake up every morning like I just ran a marathon, exhausted, tired, worn, beaten. The whispers that taunt me, mock me, begin to scream usually 6 hours after I wake up. The more I go on with my day, the worse it gets. I grow tired, it gets worse. I begin to see illusions, monstrosities, become paranoid. In the corner of my eye I see them follow me. 

Life is like a constant state of sleep paralysis. Why me? Faces in the clouds, demons on the street, hellfire in my mind. When I finally get to sleep, it doesn't end. Sleep is the demon's realm. It's lucid, I can do as I please. The only peace I have is soaring through the green and purple skies, carefree. I imagine if there is a heaven that it would be just like that. Then *he* takes over. I lose control, I lose all power, I plummet to the ground, he begins to spawns more monstrosities to hunt me in my dreams. All while laughing and mocking me. It tries to convince me to harm other people. It tells me it will go away if I take the life of someone else. It seems to target children specifically. It's not sexual, it's purely violent. Last night I had a dream where I threw a baby across a room, slamming its head into a wall and *IT* made me feel a great sense of relief. *IT* made me feel free and redeemed. With *IT* I mean *the voice*, not the act of doing it. *IT* is actively rewarding me and sending dopamine through my system whenever I commit evil deeds in my nightmares. 

So here I am, it is trying to convince me not to post, that I will be locked away, that I will be lynched for what it tells me I am. But no, this is my body, my burst of strength. It's not going to take this away from me. *IT* never told me to kill myself. That is MY choice and mine alone. Why? For the greater good. How long can I contain the beast, how long can I continue to battle before he takes over or I give in?

Your children sleep safer with me gone. It is simply the logical decision. 