I'm 26, male, virgin, never had a real relationship. Contemplating suicide, what should I do?When I was 3, I was diagnosed with autism because I constantly pinched the other students in my preschool class. Afterwards, I was immediately sent to a special ed school starting in Pre-K. From Pre-K to 3rd grade, I attended a special school for children with autism. The problem: I was significantly more socially adept than the other students, and thus ended up in a situation where I did not develop properly.

At 8, due to years of being in the school with children whom I was much higher functioning than, my parents had me re-evaluated. As it turned out, I actually had ADHD, not autism. And that's when I started taking Ritalin. Problem is, the Ritalin gave me tardive dyskinesia, an illness which I still struggle with to this day.

Anyway, due to my new diagnosis, I was transferred to a school for children with mild learning disabilities at the age of 9, for the 4th grade. Problem is, the damage had been done. My time at the autism school caused me to develop massive social issues, and my awkward tics caused by the Ritalin made me stand out. After years of being viciously bullied, I was transferred out of this school after the 6th grade, and developed massive trust and self-esteem issues due to this experience that continue to hold me back even to this day.

Starting from 7th grade, I was transferred back to the autism school, where I would remain until graduation from high school. Much like before, I did not like being around my autistic peers; it was a depressing environment that honestly felt like being in a mental institution.

After that, I went to university. I did not fit in, and often felt lost in the crowd. I had been far too damaged at this point to fit in with typical college students. I often avoided conversing with people, because I always felt like the best I'd get from them would be pity, and at worst, they'd hate me. I almost never talked to girls; as I knew I'd get nowhere considering my lack of experience. And the few times I did, I'd always say the wrong thing due to my nervousness.

And now, I am 26. It has been over 4 years since I graduated university. And throughout my life, I have had nothing to show for it. I have gone insane to the point where I spend hours playing online games and even steal money from my parents in order to cope with my hopeless state of mind. But at this point, it's too late. I'm too inherently socially adept to relate with the autistic crowd on a mutually beneficial basis, but I'm also too damaged to relate to the typical crowd. There is nowhere for me to go; I'm already 26, so it would take a miracle for my situation to improve significantly. At this point, what option is there left for me other than ending my own life?