Don't know what to doI've posted here a few times before..

It is my junior year of high school and I just want to graduate, go to a community college first and then hopefully transfer to a better university. This year I'm in all honors and a couple AP courses.

I have extreme anxiety and get no sleep. I haven't been to school in 8 days for no reason, but I want to go. The school calls my house twice a day asking where I am. I haven't really done any school work this year but I have As / Bs in all classes except for Physics and American Studies. I was supposed to do a 5 page research paper over the break but I didn't do anything, and late work isn't accepted. Also, a egg drop project was started and finished during my absence from school.

I got a C (I think) in Physics the first quarter, and it will likely be an F this quarter, which ends next Wednesday. American Studies I got a D first quarter and it will be an F this quarter. Midterms are 10% of our grade and start next Thursday. 

I emailed my guidance counselor today asking if I can meet her tomorrow during first period, but she hasn't emailed back. I want to try and switch into a regular physics class to save my credit. I also want to change AP American Studies into regular American Lit and US History. I don't know how this will affect my grades or if it is possible anymore. I also am going to have to retake gym next symmester because I was absent to many times and lost credit, but I have an A in the class. I'm really not sure how hard it is to get into a community college, or if I can do it without all honors classes and really shitty grades. 

I feel ashamed and pathetic for not going to school for no reason for so long. I am afraid of going back after being absent so long. If I do not get 5.5 credits per year I will not go onto senior year. That will be humiliating and I would rather drop out. I can't get any sleep. I don't want to face my physics teacher tomorrow (I want to try and go to school tomorrow).

I have had this severe anxiety my whole life and I am sick of all of this worry.