How can I get through this?Hey guys.

There have been multiple times throughout my life that I've flirted with the idea of suicide. However, I've never actually viewed it as my only way out until a few days ago, when I ran into further legal troubles that I thought would disappear.
I have fucked up one too many times, and squandered the opportunities I've been given to lead a good life. 
It's not even the legal implications that have made me seriously consider this. Obviously that has a lot to do with that, but it's mostly how this will affect my loved ones. I can't stand being a disappointment again. I don't want to admit to everyone what has happened, and have them deal with the further consequences of my stupid fucking actions. I've found myself googling the most effective method of suicide more than I have what I can do to fight this.

I have two beautiful, smart sisters, and one of the most special and unique brothers, as well as a fantastic mother who I can't stand to see disappointed in me again, after I promised her I wouldn't bring these problems around again. My girlfriend is such a big light in my life, and I have yet to tell her about my first problem. My friends would all take a bullet for me should the time come.
 It is because of these people that I'm holding on to a sliver of hope, and I really want to get out of this place. I would hate so bad for my death to ruin their lives. I can't stand the thought of my little siblings who have not even left Elementary school having to be told that their big brother has killed himself. 

I've been in the process of writing my note for the past few days now. But I find myself wanting to put the notebook away and try and fight this. I just have no idea how. I've seen the typical response of "Don't do it, people love you," or "Things will get better" or any of that. While I appreciate all of that, that doesn't give me any concrete solutions. I don't want to be a sad memory of suicide, regret, and consequences. I just can't stand this feeling anymore. It truly is unbearable, and if it was not so I would be much more rational right now. 
I've never reached out for legitimate help until now, in my 20th year. But you guys are smart, helpful, and authentic, and I need some help here, more than I ever have.