At the end of my ropeI feel like I have a fairly typical story. I have always had self-confidence issues. I was bullied since I can remember, at school and by my older brother. My mother favored my brother, while my father has tried his best to stay completely fair, but that always left me feeling like there was never anyone in my corner to support me. My father has PTSD and went through a deep depression when I was growing up, and he and my mother have always fought. Fighting was a consistent thing, and we all learned to bottle up our feelings until they exploded into screaming matches. I was molested by my brother and another teen when I was 7, but I don't remember the entire incident and blocked a great deal of it out. 

I have struggled with anxiety and depression since I was a child, and developed an eating disorder and self-harm habit when I was a teenager. My brain has linked together the concepts of sex and love, and I find it incredibly difficult to understand that sex and approval are not linked. Even as a child I was somewhat afraid of men, and almost expected that I would be abused again (though I didn't understand "why" as an 8 year old), even by my father who never laid a hand on me. I was re-traumatized nearly half a year ago when I remembered my childhood molestation, and since then my brother has gotten married and had several good things happen, which I feel extremely conflicted about. When I told my boyfriend about what happened, he was understanding and supportive, but as time goes on I feel like he has begun to trust me less, and we have been fighting more. I don't like who I am, and i don't know how I am supposed to change either my core personality or how to stop being effected by my trauma(s). I've been in and out of various forms of therapy since I was a child, and despite the progress that I have made, I feel like it's simply not enough, not for anyone else, and not for me.

I feel like I've just been damaged to a point where I cannot integrate with the rest of society. I'm feeling a typical sense of futility towards life in general, mostly toward myself. I don't feel like I am presently suicidal, and this is not the most suicidal I've ever been, but it's the most I have been in quite a while. There are good things for me to hold on to, and if I did kill myself it would devastate my father, my boyfriend, my niece, and my best friend. But I feel like that's the only reason.