22, sad, grieving, lonely, and wants to be done.I'm too depressed to even try to make this a detailed post, but I'll sum it up.  I'm 22, almost 23.  Nobody has a clue when they look at me.  I look like a bright, put together, happy enough person.  I workout, care about my appearance, yadda yadda, nobody knows how dark and sad it is inside of my heart.

I was always one of the good girls.  I went to church, tried to be happy, tried to do well in school, be a good sister, etc. etc.

That didn't stop my mom from horrnedusly verbally abusing me for years, telling me how worthless I was, how no decent guy would ever love me, calling me every name in the book, etc.  It didn't stop her from physically abusing me, either.  I moved out the day I turned 18 and reconnected with my dad, who she had torn me away from.  Because of this, she decided that I was never allowed to see by little brother (then six, now 11) again.  On top of that all, she continues to stalk me and badmouth me, spreading lies to my friends/anyone I try to potentially date, regardless of me filing complaints, taking her to court for a restraining order, etc.  She is very mentally ill, an alcoholic, and obsessed with ruining lives of anyone she believes has falsely wronged her.

I spent the last four years in an off and on again, unhealthy relationship, and I think I just stayed because I finally felt loved.  I spent the last five years reconnecting with my dad, who was the best dad I ever could have asked for.  I went to EMT school and was halfway through paramedic school, when seven weeks ago, I walked into the apartment I had shared with my dad, to find him dead from an unexpected heart attack.  I think that's the first time I actually wrote the word "dead".  It feels weird and it feels real and I hate it.  I've spent the last seven weeks planning everything, holding the funeral, trying to protect his estate from my mother who is doing everything she illegally can to get her hands on things that aren't hers, I'm just done with it.  So, so done.  My heart is broken and I can't even get thirty seconds to grieve without having to deal with the red tape and evil true colors that come out in people with this happens.  My ex and I had broken up around three months before this happened.  I called him from the hospital that night begging him to pick me up, and he said he couldn't, because after four years with me, he was now engaged and expecting a baby.  I asked the guy to pick me up from a hospital when I didn't have anyone else to, because I was too upset to drive, not to sleep with me and tell me he loved me and get back together with me, so I thought that was ridiculous.  Yesterday I found out that the baby is a girl.  It was just weird.  I'm not in love with him anymore and I don't want to be back with him, so I'm happy enough for him, but it still hurts.

On top of it all, I screwed up.  I have someone I've been friends with for almost five years, (met during an EMT shift) who I have amazing chemistry with.  He's the only person who has ever "gotten me".  He's a bright, beautiful, almost seems non human person who it just amazing.  I could continue to go on into detail about the mental connection and how intense it is, but I think it would just make me more sad.  We were both stuck in miserable relationships, and we were both probably emotionally cheating, but we managed to never touch each other or act on how we actually felt so that we could stay friends.  (I know, I know, we shouldn't be friends at all, but we are.)  We live on different sides of the state now, but in the last month, have managed to see each other twice.  We both dealt with a loss and both just needed each other and after almost five years of playing as close to the rules as we could, we caved.  He's been stuck in this relationship for six years, and I get that you can't just walk away after all of that time, because I did the same for four years, and it just blows, for a lack of better words.  You can call me a homewrecker or a slut or whatever you want, but I didn't just decide "oh hey I'm going to go find a hot guy with a girlfriend so I can sleep with him", it was five years of fighting a deep mental and emotional connection between two friends who care about each other and always knew there was something more.  He left yesterday and is back home with her and my heart is just sunk further than it already was.  I'm in love with someone I can never have.

I know this post may not sound like a big deal compared to some of the other ones, but the one person who loved me and had my best interest at heart, my best friend, my dad, is gone.  I can't even get out of bed sometimes, like I'm doing right now.  I have shitty, self absorbed friends who say they're there but aren't (except for my best friend and the other person I mentioned above who I can't even talk to when I want to sometimes)  The doors are shutting on my future because I can't make it through school (plan was to finish paramedic, work while finishing my BA, and go to law school).  I have guilt over my dad (finding him, wondering if my CPR was good enough, not finding him sooner, being a cause of stress in his life, etc. etc.).  People keep saying things will get better, but they don't understand that I know it could, but I have no energy/desire/will left to put in the work to make it better.

On top of everything else, my cat ran away and my fish died yesterday.  These are kind of whatever issues, but it was just like the "haha, you're falling apart" from the universe.  I don't know if I could actually go through with suicide because I'm a Christian and worried I won't go to Heaven, ever see my dad again, and be in the hell I already live in for eternity.  Also, this may sound weird to people who don't have dogs, but I don't know who would take care of him or how I could leave him.

I'm sorry if this post seems petty, or like I'm whining, but everyone's worst of the worst is different and this is mine.  I don't want to be here anymore.  