ive been diagnosed with an incurable illness and its the final push i need to leave.a year ago, when i was 16, i was diagnosed with a fairly severe form of ehlers danlos syndrome. there's no real treatments for the disorder itself, only the injuries that might result from it. there is no cure, and any children i might've wanted to have in the future have a high risk of also having this disorder. 

ive been severely depressed since i was around 10 and never thought i would live past 18, but i never quite found the courage to end my own life. I've made attempts in the past but (obviously) had no success. 

i could write a whole essay with reasons on why i feel so inclined to just end my life but in the simplest terms this is why:

1. I'm guaranteed to be in pain for the rest of my life. EDS is a progressive disorder meaning it's only going to get worse with time, and considering how severe my condition is currently I'm fucking terrified to imagine just how bad it could get in even just a year or two from now.

2. at this stage of my life, I'm already physically impaired and won't be able to financially support myself throughout life, and since i live in the US i can't rely on government disability to support me, either. my relationship with my parents is incredibly toxic and relying on them for financial support is also out of the question.

3. as a result of my condition, I've developed other medical issues as well that just amplify the problems i already have to deal with. ex: chronic fatigue, problems with my immune system, POTS - each of these on their own may be manageable, but together make just going about my day to day life very difficult.

4. living with a medical condition (or multiple) is extremely expensive if you live in the US, and on my own, I'm never going to be able to afford normal living expenses on top of medical expenses. ex: appointments, hospital visits, physical therapy, medications, mobility aids, preventative care, etc.

5. i have an extremely toxic family situation. i don't speak to my father at all anymore and my mother is narcissistic and controlling. i won't go into detail here simply because it's a lot to unpack but it contributes to the already high amount of stress I have from everything else in life. 

6. in the past year since my official diagnosis, I've: 
dropped out public school and graduated online due to absences for medical needs.
quit working entirely (previously worked a "part time" job 30-40 hours a week) because I'm no longer able to maintain any amount of workload.
stopped painting and creating art (my favorite hobby, what i wanted to pursue career-wise) almost entirely due to the amount of strain/pressure it puts on my body.
stopped hanging out with friends entirely because of my pain.
stopped eating a lot of foods because the problems with my immune system cause increased allergic reactions to foods that previously caused no harm to me. lost a lot of weight.
etc.

---
that was longer than i anticipated. to counter that, here's some reasons why i don't want to die.

1. my cat has severe separation anxiety and he freaks out when i leave the house for any amount of time and I'm worried if I'm gone forever he won't recover. 

2. funerals are expensive. my mother already hates me for the financial burden i am to the family and this is just one more thing to add on to that.

3. I'm already hypersensitive to pain from my body having to deal with chronic pain for so long that I've been avoiding it purely for the reason that it's probably gonna hurt a lot and I'm gonna hate it.

4. I recently started talking to my best friend from 4 years ago this year and it'd make me feel worse knowing I'd just die not seeing him one last time.

--

final thoughts:

i feel trapped and there is no good solution. I'm in immense amounts of physical pain daily and i can't fathom having to go through this everyday for the rest of my life, especially knowing its likely to only get worse from here.