Im down to a two year planI'm irrational, I'm 16, but I've had one hell of a ride. When I was young, I had everything a kid could want, two parents, nice family, a house, a future, went to a good school, and stupidly over-religious. But, as I came to realise, my parents were fighting: my dad was hitting my mom. So she sent him away, but after my sister left as well. A few years prior to that my cousin raped me and my family blamed my mom for telling the police, so I don't talk to them anymore. My dad's side also doesn't talk to me, it's been a decade now. My cousins are grown and mutually we are strangers to each other. I spent Thanksgiving alone watching other people on Snapchat with their family while my mom was working. As I got older, I realise my mom was fucking nuts. She thought a dead singer was trying to propose to her on Facebook through the use of multiple accounts. Shes threatened to kill herself if I don't do the dishes. It's fucking bad. I'm in a support group, and luckily I still talk to my sister. One thing I had to hold on to was my school work: I'm a good student, and I don't allow myself to fail. Well now my school is tightening it's grip on its students: we're being graded on writing our homework down in our planners and whether we have a binder that's specifically 3 inch depth. So I've lost that. I've lost control over my schoolwork. I look to the future, and I've got $660 to my name, no car, no family support, and somehow I'll have to make it to college. I could bum cash off of my landlord, but my sister already did that so why would I further burden my landlord. Truth is: my years up to highschool may be really shitty, but it's the future that's even scarier. I don't have a plan right now as to how the hell I get out of this situation. I don't think I need one, as I don't see why I would want to keep on living past high school: when I leave for college I know my mom is going to go homeless or crazy or both. My current plan is that I'm down to my last two years, but I'm not scared, I have two years! I can live up life and not worry about tomorrow because I won't have one in a while. I'll feel release, whether or not there is a God. Death used to scare me, but now it's like sleeping; and I'm tired. 