I Tried My Absolute Hardest, Right to The End.Heyo everyone

I think I'm mainly posting here just so there's something chronicle my being here. As the title suggests, I've tried my hardest to keep going but I think this' the end of it all. Since I was about 16-ish, I've known that I'm just hanging around till I go - now I'm 22.

From around 8 till I was 19 I was sexually and emotionally abused by many different people, including family and friends. I had the *grave* misfortune of growing up in an extremely rough part of town, where getting beat was just a part of daily life. At 17 I attempted by ODing on medication for my epilepsy, despite being in counselling for 2 years by that point.

Finally getting out of my abusive home, I moved to university where I became a hermit for a year, completely isolated from the world and people. Where I grew to be 22 stone and cut every day, leaving my body covered in scars. Knowing that I wouldn't be able to continue my studies, the university sent me back home.

Upon returning, I sought CBT *(Cognitive Behavioural Therapy)* to help, through them I was diagnosed to suffer from PTSD. During that year, I managed to go down from 22 to 17 stone. And I reapplied for a different university, getting in I moved out again.

This time I tried my hardest to counter anxieties and socialize, which I did. I also took the time to focus harder on my studies. I also continued with weight loss. Just before the turn of the year to 2018, I engaged in a long-distance relationship with someone and we spoke every day.

Mid 2018, my long-distance partner cheated on me with her best friend. Having sex. Shortly after I received my grades for that year, a 1st *(equivalent to A\*)*. Still distraught by my ex-partner's actions, I had to look for a job to pay for upcoming medical bills. Though in England, the NHS at this point is an awful experience and I'd have to wait a number of years to get the treatment I desperately needed.

Around this time, via flashback, I rediscovered that when I was young, around 10-12, I had attempted suicide then by attempting to sleep with a plastic bag over my head.

Finding a job at a fast food place, I worked 6-7 days a week to gain the funds I needed. Which I did, paying for initial treatments and now I'm just waiting for a follow up medical then the ball will really get rolling - in February.

Jumping to day, I'm sitting at 12 stone 6lbs. Working 6 days a week between university and work. And I'm miserable. Every second is pain, emotionally and physically due to my anxiety causing chest pains - and anti-anxieties seem to have no effect.

Spending every day alone, I don't have the energy nor the time to socialize constantly. Constantly in pain, I've tried my absolute hardest to get here. My plan is to use something like Helium or Nitrogen and a Exit Bag. I've tried my hardest and kept going for a real long time. I had so much love and affection to give people, but all I ever get is shit and hate in return.

I may go alone, but I won't be in anymore pain.