Just another suicidal postHello guys. I'm in my early 18's, finishing one of typical schools in my country.
There are two reasons why I'm writing this: dissatisfaction with my life and existencial crisis because of that. Let me explain it more deeply.
I have no "real" friends, but I have a gf. I had wanted a girlfriend for a long time  because the feeling of loneliness and the desire to be loved by someone was very frustrating. So, I had problems making connections with women, so, that's why my self-image was really not ok. Right now it's a little bit better. 
I had hobbies connected with computers: programming, gaming. Also, I enjoyed reading books. Now I don't have any. Sometimes I try to read something, but it is really difficult to finish a book for me right know. 
Because of the fact that I didn't leave my home and could't find a person to talk about something interesting, I started to feel really bad and making questions like "What's the point of the existence? What should I do in order to be happy? What I need to do?"
And the following two-three years I had been trying to find the answers. Now I'm convinced that there is no meaning at all. We're all just animals without a purpose. There is no point and I know that I can create a meaning for myself. But it doesn't work like that. You cannot create a something from nothing. It's all just illusions. I cannot. 
I tried and failed. I cannot try anymore. I don't want to enter the university and I don't want to earn two dollar an hour for a hard work in shitty mcdonalds or similar company. I had suicidal attempts, but I did not pushed myself harder than I should. I am afraid of heights, pain and so on. It's hard for me to finish what I'm thinking of. I don't care about anyone, I don't like anyone. I have depression which i will not cure because of the laziness and lack of motivation. No reasons to wake up in the morning, nothing which makes me feel good. I don't feel anything at all. And I don't expect anyone of you to give me the right advice, I've read many posts and topics. You can't help and tell anything I don't know. And this is a very shitty situation. 
I have serious problems with my memory and focussing on the things. alcohol &amp; stuff made the situation worse.

Sorry for my mistakes.
