I'm a zoophile.I don't know exactly how to type this out. Even thinking about this for too long gets me lightheaded. I'm an 18 year old male zoophile. Its slowly killing inside. I hate myself for it. I've tried to kill myself once but it didn't work out. Now I cant stop thinking about trying again with a noose. I'm sorry this is really scattered but it's just so hard for me to talk about. 

I have a therapist that I've talked to for depression before but he doesnt know I'm a zoophile and I don't know how to tell him. We're friendly with eachother and I don't want him to think i'm a freak. I want to tell my friends but I dont want them to look at me differently or leave me. Right now they suspect that i'm gay but it seems like theyre not even sure of that anymore. I've gotten on top of my dogs before. more than once. I didn't penetrate them but I dry humped them until I finished. I know i'm disgusting and even I know i deserve to die. It's horrible what I did. I knew I couldn't live with myself with the zoophilia alone but the fact that I acted on it makes me feel like I can't even trust my self. I'm not even sure I deserve to be helped.

I don't see any other option anymore.I have so much more to say but i'm honestly feel like i'm gonna pass out. I might update in a bit. I just need to submit it before I stop myself and to let myself breathe. I think its important me to get more out.

EDIT
Update: Ok so i'm looking at this now and I see how lengthy it is. No one has to read, i'm fine now. It was mostly just for me to get everything out.

Thank you guys so much. I know it sounds a bit silly to say that comments on the internet helped you this much, but you guys really put me in a better place. You guys gave me enough hope that I may even be able to tell my therapist about it. Like I had said before when I had first posted, there's more that i'd like to say. Even if you won't be back here to see it I would still like to at least get it out.

The first time I had ever been aroused by animals was some time when I was 11. I became a bit fixated on animal mating videos. It went further when I was looking at normal porn, on a pretty sketchy website, and found zoo porn. I watched it and that was the most excited I had ever gotten. In the end though I cried and felt so ashamed of myself. I looked for anything that would tell me that it was normal of me to do that. Eventually i found articles talking about how teens will experiment and that being aroused by something doesn't mean that it will be like that forever. At around 12 I ended up humping my dog. Predictably, when I had finished I felt ashamed of myself. I promised myself that I would never do that again. Though I still looked at the porn until I was 13.

For 5 years I had avoided the porn and had not touched a dog inappropriately. During those 5 years I did get excited by dogs for example when playing with my dog. I would just stand up, walk away, and sit down until my body had calmed down. I was in complete denial that I had any attraction to dogs what so ever. I would tell myself things like "This only happened because she rubbed against me" or "I wouldn't have gotten hard if she didn't sit on me." It wasn't until I had started dealing with depression that I started giving into these urges again.

So more recently, last summer, was when my depression had gotten to a point that I would barely leave my bed, eat, drink anything. I was constantly crying and looking for a way out. I would try to find ways out for hours at a time trying to figure out how I could do it. Even my friends had started to get worried when I wouldn't respond to their messages or go out with them. I was just wasting away and that is when my mom had noticed. She got me to go to the doctor and we were referred therapists.

Fast forward to months of therapy and I had attempted to kill myself by hanging but couldn't get the tie to stay. I had skipped school that day anyway( which I had never done in my life before this) and I was planning on skipping tomorrow too if this didn't work. So since I was running out of time to do it that day I cancelled the automatic message I had for the police and learned to tie a noose. I tied one out of the power cable for the ps3, a pretty thick and durable wire, and decided that I would do it the next day. 

What stopped me was my mom calling me early the next day before i could go along with my plan. She had heard from my school that I wasn't there twice in a row. She was extremely worried and when i told her how I was feeling she fell apart. I can't really handle typing this part out so we'll move forward.

My therapist had said that he believed that my depression was biochemical and had put me on medication. I was making good progress after being on the meds for a while. I was starting to be happier. After some time after this I had given into my urges and humped my new dog. I felt bad about this but things only got worse as this lead to me going back to the porn. This obliterated any of the little bit of self-worth I had gained from speaking to my therapist. I had begun thinking about suicide again. That's the state I typed up the original bit of my post in.

I just thought about it so often that I would never have a normal life. I would never have a family and I would live alone for the rest of my life. Not even having a pet because I would be forced to experience all those thoughts that I try to avoid. I would be pelted with so many questions and I would probably hate myself then too.

I know now that I shouldn't hate myself for things that are out of my control. I didn't ask to have these urges. I just have to learn to control them and to like myself for the things I can control.

I just wanna say thanks once again to everyone who helped me. Believe it or not but I had a plan to kill myself on this day before reading all your comments. Thank you all. I promise you I won't act on this again. I'll PM one of you who offered if I feel that I need it.