toes on the ledgeRelationship ended one year ago this week. She left me high and dry in a time I needed her, just as we were getting close to making it a forever thing. We've been dating again, but she belongs to the world, and one person is not enough for her. We got in this huge fight over nothing last night. 

I could go on and on about the screwed up story of my ex and I...... I just don't have the heart for that story at moment. 

I've thought about suicide for about as long as I've known about death. Never truly wanted to do, but when things get dark for me the urge is strong. The scary thing at this moment is that I don't know if I'm going to do it or not...... it's like a new level. I'm sitting here typing with lethargic fingers hoping something changes. Hoping for an ego boost.... something.

I've had a good life. Never had money, but had a lot of fun. I'm a weird fucker, and have a hard time opening up to people, but folks like me. I'm good looking, and healthy, but I just don't see the point anymore. Why keep trying.... I can't get back the place I used to be. I can't keep treading water the way that I am.  


Bizarre as it is I'm a goddamn personal trainer....... I'm supposed to be meeting clients in a couple of hours. How in the fuck am I going to be a benefit to them with all this shit in my head? The guilt, man. There are so many people out there who think I'm the bee's titties, and in turn I secretly despise them. I don't know how to change these negative traits. I've tried...... I'm so tired of trying. I was the fucking guy who worked so hard to do what's right. Always doing what's right. Do the right fucking thing. That's what life is about...............................   


A lot of people lean on me. They spew their shit, and I listen. I really try to help. But inside I feel like soggy bread. I don't love my family. Sometimes I wish they were dead so I didn't have to worry about them. I can't talk to them anymore. I moved across the country, and now I don't feel like I belong anywhere.  


I know there are people who really honestly care the same way I do. Maybe it's just better to give up at some point. Trying to move right now is like sipping through perforated straw. I think about all the phenomenal humans who have chosen to die, and I wonder if it was good enough for them isn't it good enough for me.