The world is giving me signs to just kill myself.I have been having a terrible night. A friend called me to hang out and when we did, she pretty much ignored me the whole time and was texting with her awesome fun cool friends, laughing and having a good time with them, I was pretty much ignored. On top of that my dad was giving me shit all day today and treating me like a 12 year old (I'm 24). Now because I am feeling like shit about myself I decided to call the crisis line. I got a counselor after about 25 minutes of being on hold and she was terrible. She didn't want to listen and just made generic and actually pretty mean comments about me like "I don't know why that would upset you" "That doesn't sound like much of a big deal". Seriously? 

Then when I told her I was feeling suicidal she said "mhmm...yeah" and then she told me her shift was over and I pretty much told her she's a terrible person and that she should quit her job if she's going to say the wrong things to people in distress and she didn't seem to care and hung up on me. 

Then I called back right a way and got put on hold for an hour. After an hour, the phone rang and nobody picked up and ended my call. Now I'm on hold again and doubt anyone will answer. And if someone does, I bet it'll be another shitty counselor.

I am feeling very suicidal right now and I feel like the world is just giving me signs to just do it. The people in my life are treating me like I don't matter/exist and now with this whole crisis line thing, I feel like it's a sign that I should just end my life. I really don't feel like I'm worth a fuck and people keep saying terrible things to me and acting like I'm not even a human being. I really just want to kill myself right at this moment. Honestly, everyone would be better off without such a burden in their lives. People only keep me around because they feel sorry for me and I am wasting their time.

I hate myself so much and I can't take this pain anymore. I feel that very soon I'm going to just finish off my bottle of pills and go to bed.