The mind and the brain aren't quite the same, but they both want out of this placeI'm not brave enough to kill myself. I'm not man enough to kill myself.

I don't understand it. I know that I will just be gone. I'll just blend with Earth. I'm not scared of Hell. I'm not scared of the unknown. I'm not scared of possible pain that will come with whatever method I use to kill myself. 

The things that do scare me won't matter when I'm dead. I won't even know they are happening, or not happening. It won't matter that no one will notice I'm gone. It won't matter that no one cared enough to try to stop me. It won't matter that no one recognizes that I am a unique and incredibly special person. It won't matter that I won't be remembered....

I know that everyone (or almost everyone) participating on this sub thinks they are better than me. I don't know why anymore than I know why people in real life don't recognize my worth. I know that none of you even give enough of a shit to tell me why you think I should kill myself, or why you think it doesn"t matter if I kill myself. WHY DO YOU THINK YOU ARE BETTER THAN ME?  Why is it that people on a fucking suicide sub have zero empathy for another human being? I'm fucking angry at all of you. I HATE YOU.

THE WORLD DOES NOT FUCKING REVOLVE AROUND YOU.

I AM JUST AS IMPORTANT AS YOU.

I think my desire for success is what is stopping me. That is what I fear. That my life will have meant nothing. I"m supposed to be the person that helps the world slide into Anarchy. But how can I change the world when everyone pretends I don't exist.

Maybe I have to give up the dream that I matter.

Maybe by ignoring me you are helping me find my destiny. Maybe I really have no place on Earth. Maybe I was meant to be ignored, so I can stop fearing going through with death. Maybe going to a support board full of selfish assholes is what will make me finally shoot myself.

I always thought shooting myself would be a horrible idea. I love guns, and they have such a horrible reputation, for no reason. But it has to be the easiest way. It is quick and peaceful, or slow and painful. There is no backing out from sucking on a shotgun.