Life is a burden and the only way to bear it is through illusion or distractionI just vented my frustration about being alive on a paper, because apparently it helps: It doesn't. No matter what happens in my life, ups or  down, I cannot stop thinking that life is suffering, unfair and we're useless. I know you can find a purpose, but that mean that you don't have any in the first place, you need to create it, like a sort of distraction to occupy yourself during life.  If you put your goals aside, if you think just a sec, you realize how pointless everything is, including you. 

It's weird cause I think there are things that are enjoyable, but most of my days are spent crumbling under the weight of responsibilities.

I also think that it depends on your personality. My life is decent from the outside, but I'm just born neurotic and very sensitive. No matter what happens, I'm physically tired and apathetic from depression and stress makes me physically ill and in better cases, just saturated and cynical.  No professional managed to helped me. I'm just going to live like that and from what I can tell, it gets worse. Tbh, this makes me wanna remain childless. Giving birth to a little fragile mini-me in this world, hypocritically waiting for him to be happy, no thanks. 

I think that some people like life because they're not overthinkers  and "in the present", which unlike the industry of self-development want you to believe  is not something you do on command with exercise like " try to think positive thoughts". I just can't this bubbly. I wish I could have a religion to guide me: " I'm suffering but if I hold on, I'll go to heaven!". I tried but I'm too skeptical for that. I'm really scientific and the theory saying that we're meant to survive, not to be happy, that's why our brain do weird shit like anxiety, really struck with me.

 I am extremely afraid of the unknown, so I can't kill myself and I'm empathetic: my mom wouldn't get over it. I just secretly it to die in an accident. Those reason are also a burden? I feel trapped in life.

So I just carry on living, but I don't enjoy it and I can see it getting tougher but all I cando  is just deal with it. BUT, I feel a bit better than 1 hour ago, because of this community, I know that other people also think, that life is shit. My only "escape" is to, one day, live far from everything and everyone, in the nature with a dog. Yeah that's all I want. A dog.