can anyone relate? male, sexually abused when younger, can't find a girl, never couldI've been contemplating or just thinking about suicide since around the 7th grade, i knew what had happened to me all along, i say that because some victims don't. The sexual abuse isn't the whole story though, and I'm almost 20 now. All of my friends have at least "lost it" and all i can think about is who the fuck would want a damaged person like me, i can't even force myself to act happy some times when I'm around my best friends. I'm not saying everyone who has been sexually abused is fucked for life, but personally for me that's how i feel it is, and I've been to the hospital before, i don't want to go back, it was a joke. No help at all, just bills for my poor parents who don't know what to do to pay. That brings me to why i haven't yet killed myself, i don't want to hurt anyone, and im not even sure if i really want to die, i just know i dont want to go on like this. Can anyone relate? did u ever find someone? The breakdowns are becoming more and more frequent, theres been at least a few times where i have locked myself in a friends bathroom, without their knowledge, because i dont want anyone to know im in there curled up in a ball like the mental patient i am. 2 of my friends know about my childhood, and my parents, thats about it. i want to talk to someone but i dont think anyone i know can relate to being molested, let alone just wanting to die, how do people react to that? Im trapped in a bad place, no one really knows, please fucking help me.

EDIT: and tell me honestly if this just sounds like im bitching, i know i have seen posts on suicide watch that aren't worthy of suicide. i do have friends, im so thankful to them for that, if only they knew.

EDIT 2: thank you so much everyone!! ive found that its worse when im by myself, and i think theres a possibility i could be bipolar, but its better to know these things so i can know why i feel so chaotic a lot of the time. I'm slowly trying to get help, i can't go back to a hospital though, especially not the adult wards, fuck that, theres way worse shit out there than me. anyway, getting off point, thank you all for typing these long paragraphs for me, i know a lot of you may have been abused too, and i know many of us are in the same boat. we have to remember about those who care about us, because if we don't talk to them about how we feel, we never see how a suicide could effect them. now i know, and i don't think any of us want to cause anyone that type of pain.
all this being said, if anyone else wants to use this thread to get this stuff off their chest or ask questions like i did, go ahead, take over :)