Pushed away the girl I loved. She was the only person that made me happy. Since then, it’s been a downhill. My weight makes anything near impossible. I’m put down everyday, I’m just struggling with life.Hello, I’m a long time lurker here, and after an argument I just had with my mom, I feel I need to share my story and convey my emotions. It’s gonna be a long one, sorry. Thank you to anyone who does infact take the time to read my story. 

I’m going to start by saying I’m 18 years old and have been battling depression for the past 2ish years. I’m a pretty big guy for my age (18st, about 250lb). I grew up independently cooking for myself and being young obviously cooking meals for myself which just weren’t healthy at all in large portion sizes, which have lead to me being the weight I am now. I remember the days in school when I used to run 1000m and enjoy all types of sports and now I can’t do any of that at all. Towards my GCSEs in school was when the depression started, I had ‘friends’ who would bully me, make jokes about my weight, thinking I was okay with it, I wasn’t. It hurt inside. 

I started skipping school and sleeping a lot, that was my life for a good while. However, I started speaking to a girl in my year, still not sure how that happened; maybe she just felt bad for me. We were just friends, but spoke to each other everyday. We’d FaceTime each other for hours and just talk, watch films together, anything really. This was the first girl who’d actually taken the time with me and the first person I’d ever really spoken to about personal things, like my relationship with my dad. I ended up falling in love with this girl because of how she treated me, the only issue... she liked my friend. She’d speak about him when we was on the phone together, and I was jealous. I could never say anything though, we were just friends in her eyes. As much as I loved this girl and how she listened to me, I couldn’t tell her how I felt and ended up pushing her away, the biggest mistake of my life... She was the one person in life who made me happy and I ruined that. 

This happened a week after I finished school ready to start the next venture of my life. I had the whole summer to enjoy myself but began to just stay in, isolate myself and eat. I did this for 6 weeks. It was coming to the end of summer and I had to apply somewhere, whether that be a job, an apprenticeship or college. I waited until the very last minute and then joined college. In all fairness, college was great. I met a bunch of new friends who I related to and enjoyed my time, but the stress of assignments due in quickly added to my depression. I finally spoke to a new friend who had faced depression in the past about how I was feeling, who convinced me to speak to someone. I spoke to a mental health nurse who was supposedly helping me. She’d speak to me over the phone for like 10 minutes asking how I was each week and had booked me in for a session with a therapist, the only thing being there was a huge wait, like 4 months to see one, so she advised I’d be put on anti-depressants. I was on 10mg of Citalopram for 4 months. I feel these were good for me, I felt good and they were helping especially with the stress of college. I was able to finish my college course with a pass and enjoyed myself over the summer, it was a good time. 

I have now started my second year at college, being unable to find a job or an apprenticeship, being rejected at every chance I saw, this was my option for the year. I decided by myself I should come off my Citalopram and did so without consulting anyone. This was a bad decision. Everything was fine for a week or so and then everything started coming back. I feel depressed again and I’m stressing out over little things. 

My weight doesn’t help either. I have to catch a bus into the city where my college is, which takes like 20 minutes and then a 10 minute walk. This is fine, but whatever I am wearing and whatever the weather, I sweat abnormally either due to my weight or some issue that I don’t know of yet. It’s the most embarrassing and uncomfortable thing, I constantly feel like crap turning up to college or just walking around and being sweaty. I could try and lose the weight but through my depression, I’m just not motivated even though I know I need to lose this weight. 

The depression has gotten to the point where I’m now experiencing suicidal thoughts. I can’t live with how unhealthy I am. It kills me everyday. I need a solution which is ultimately to lose weight but I just can’t... I honestly feel like I’m going to kill myself soon either by eating myself to death, or actual suicide because of this. I just don’t know what to do. 

I thank you for reading my post, didn’t really know what to write or how to write and lay it out, but however jumbled up my post is, it was good to write this for my sake, as someone that rarely speaks about their issues. 

I’d also like to thank everyone hear that offers their voice and helps out people that post their feelings here everyday whilst I am hear. It’s definitely helped me sometime looking at posts and seeing how people help each other. Thank you. 



