(20F) My debt makes me want to dieI really want to die because of the insane amount of debt I’m currently in and will be in in the near future. Not only that makes me want to kill myself, I also have nobody in my life who loves or cares about me. My “family” is full of physically, verbally, emotionally, sexually abusive pieces of shit. I have no true friends. I’m currently in an on-off romantic relationship with someone who doesn’t truly love or care about me, but at least it’s better than having no one, right?

I don’t think anyone better will want to date me anyways when they find out I will have over $100k in debt just for undergrad. No, I didn’t go to a private or fancy school. I went to a public university in my state and just fucked up. All for a stupid and useless degree that won’t even guarantee me good jobs because now you need a masters degree for successful jobs, and I can’t handle any more school. Getting bachelor’s degree makes me want to kill myself. I already got my associate’s degree before going to a public university, so no, I can’t go to a community college and take classes for cheaper. I just have to take the rest of the requirements for my degree.

I’ve fucked up a lot in school because of poor mental health. And today I just got an email saying that I won’t be eligible for federal financial aid anymore because of my GPA. So now I have to apply for private loans and will be getting into even MORE debt. 

Oh, and I also have credit card debt. And can’t even keep a job because I get stressed with school and working at the same time. And I can’t take time off of school to just work, not at least for next school year. I can’t get out of my lease for my apartment for next school year so I might as well take classes if I’m living at the school, right?

I already know I fucked up by taking out student loans. My estranged dad who is an abusive POS (but has money) told me my whole life he would pay for my college. That’s the only nice thing he’s ever said to me. I thought he was going to pay me back for all the abuse he put me through. Then when I got accepted to college and was ready to go a month before, he says he won’t pay my tuition anymore because he thought I told family members he abused me, I denied it, and said he didn’t believe me. I literally never told anyone he abused me because I was afraid of him and wanted him to pay for my college like he said. He was just trying to get me tell him if I did tell anyone or not, because he cares about his appearances and didn’t want anyone to find out about what an abusive POS he is. And my mom has enabled it and never spoken up about it and let me become a victim since I was born because she was afraid of him too. The great kicker of this too is that now my dad is fully paying for my younger brother’s college tuition and he goes to the same college I do. 

I just wanted to get out of my abusive mom’s house as soon as I turned 18 so I took out loans stupidly and went to college. I changed my major lots of times, took a year off, did poorly when I went back and fucked up in college. I just seriously want to die. I don’t want to live in poverty and be a slave and work forever just to pay back all of this money for a stupid mistake I made when I was young. I don’t even want to finish school. I have no support system or people to help me financially or emotionally. 

I’ve been researching a lot more lately about a relatively easy, not too painful, quick way to kill myself. I just want life to be over. I seriously don’t see ANY reason to stay alive. I truly have nobody to stay alive for or who would truly care if I died tomorrow, except for maybe my old dog who will probably die herself within a couple years. 

I really can’t go on anymore. I don’t want to stick around to see if anyone will love me. I doubt it will happen. I’m almost 21 years old and still nobody has ever truly loved me in my life. Why would I stick around and wait to see if anyone does while I work tirelessly the rest of my life and stress about debt? My life is so worthless and pointless. 

I feel happy thinking about me being gone and not dealing with the bullshit of life. But I’m also kinda nervous about killing myself because I don’t want to survive. If I do it, I want to do it once and do it right. I don’t want to live or be saved. I don’t want to have to pay back the ridiculous hospital bill. And even if I did get help, what would change? Nothing. My life will always be shitty, because it always has been. And it’s just going downhill.