Did I do the right thing?The other night I was wasting my time on campus until a Christmas concert started. I sat in the lounge outside the food court watching Breaking Bad on my laptop- I know, Breaking Bad, good call. I looked up for a split second and saw my friend Mike. He was walking by with our mutual friend John because they were about to study for an exam together. I called out to him and we began conversing. I don't remember what was said, just that Mike responded, "First I have to see if I let myself survive the night."

Mike has always had a dark sense of humor, but I had noticed that since the start of the semester something about him had changed and he was no longer happy with anything. John laughed off the comment as they walked off to study. I, however, just sat there and returned to watching Breaking Bad, but I couldn't get what he said out of my head. What if he wasn't joking? So I texted him and the conversation went as follows:
(G= me, M=Mike)


G= Hey bud, don't joke about suicide I don't take that lightly.

M= Never said I was joking

G= Dude. You serious?

M= Leave it alone. I'm just tired.

G= No I'm not going to leave it alone. You're talking about suicide. This is not something I'm dropping.

M= Shut up before you push something.

G= Where are you at?

     I haven't told anyone. I need you to talk to me or I'm gonna have     
     to start telling people so that we can find you. (At this point I did 
     not know if he was still with John or not.)

    This would include police.

M= G, you do not want to mess with me now. I will beat the shit out of you if you come close. Leave me alone and let me work. Go home. I don't want your help now. I don't need you to be here. I can handle my own shit without loading it on other people. Goodnight, I'll talk to you later

G= The[n] beat the shit outta me if it helps you. I'm not leaving till I know you're ok.

M= I I'm great. Leave.

G= (I don't use language unless quoting someone. Mike knows this and I thought maybe if I used language he would see that I'm serious.) What the fuck do you thin[k] you're doing. This isn't funny. I'm sorry I give a fuck, but you can't change that. And if you pull some stupid shit, I don't want it to be because I went home.

M= Don't cuss sweeties you're not good at it

G= This isn't funny at this point. Let me talk to you.

    Be in the lobby on the floor or I will inform [the dorm] employees and break into your room.

M= G. I'm a bit too busy for this right now. Have a nice night. I'm fine. If I have to I will block you from my phone and Facebook to stop the repeated annoyance of this evening. I'm not having a great time and you are making [it] alot[sic] worse so please stop because it's not funny, you're not helping and I didn't want your help to begin with. You are in every way intruding on my happiness at this moment. Stop that. 

    I'm working on finals with John. Leave.

G= I'm not leaving campus till we talk. I'll sleep here if I have to. Text me when you're done.

M= Have fun haha

At this point I realized I would be better served if I went home and gave his mom a call. So I went back to my house and tracked down the number. I called and told her that Mike had mentioned suicide and seemed very upset and aggravated about something. She said she would call him. I don't know what was said between them, but about an hour later I got this text from him: "We're done. I don't know you. You don't know me."

About twenty minutes later another friend texted me saying I was stupid and that Mike was on a suicide watch list now. I'd rather have a friend mad at me than dead... but did I even handle the situation properly?