I have a suicide fetish. Had it since I was 10, if not longer. Now I'm afraid it might be destroying my family.I don't mean a sexual fetish, like suicide turns me on or anything like that. I mean that I've always seen suicide as the ultimate solution to all of life's problems, and as such, I turn to it as practically a first response if things get too tough. After all, if I'm dead, I won't have to worry about whatever's troubling me, right? Some people say that if you commit suicide, you automatically go to hell, even if you're a follower of God, but I can't bring myself to believe that. How could God kick someone when he's down like that? That's not loving or even just! And if my suicide makes my friends and family sad, my reasoning goes, they can just kill themselves too, to alleviate their sadness - rinse and repeat until humanity is exterminated and global warming is solved!

Anyway, I got married two months ago, and I'm living with my wife, my nephew, my critically ill mother in law, and two brothers in law who are helping take care of her. One of the brothers in law just moved in from out of state, her condition is so bad! Naturally all this has caused a lot of anxiety for me, and I've come very close to killing myself once if not more. But the brother in law who just moved in lost a friend to suicide years ago, and while he's really a kind and gentle guy, he's threatened to kick me out of the house if I don't cut out the suicide threats. He's actually the one who encouraged me to seek help online - I already see a therapist and a psychiatrist, but clearly that's not enough. My psychiatrist wants me to do some sort of "partial hospitalization" thing but I was already in the hospital back in October and I don't really see the point of going back.

So I'm coming here more to save my marriage, not to save my life - I've probably attempted suicide over 100 times in my life, and considered it well into the thousands, so no one actually expects me to follow through with it all the way anymore, no matter how hard I try. My parents, my therapist, and my psychiatrist are all at a loss to explain why I do this. All I can figure is I'm rather intelligent, and maybe I figured out as a kid that life is ultimately meaningless, and never really let go of that, even after I found God. (Heck, maybe finding God made life seem even more meaningless - doesn't Paul talk in one of his letters about life being a "momentary and light affliction" compared to the glory of heaven?)

Thanks for any help that anyone can provide... figured it couldn't hurt to ask here! (Well, unless some troll tells me "just do it" at the wrong time, but then I'm just getting my lifelong wish granted, I guess?)