I know I need help but I know trying to get it will only make things worse. I'm running out of options.throwaway because my bf stalks my account

I'm honestly at my wits end. I know I need help because I think of suicide daily and I desperately want things to get better because I am so tired of this. I'm scared to die but I hurt so much. I'm so fucking alone.

Pretty much the only people are talk to are my mom and my boyfriend. They're the only people that even associate with me anymore. I know they get frustrated with me and I try so hard to stay on their good side but I know they'll both get fed up and eventually leave like everyone else.

I went to a hospital in feb of last year and it really helped. The hospital part. But coming home from that was the worst time of my life and I'm scared of it happening again.

My dad's side of the family has a history of suicide and they don't respond to the concept well. I know it's just because my dad gets scared that he lashes out but he gets mean when I have tried to talk about it before.

I've known I needed help since I was 16 and when I first tried to tell him about it he told me if I did he would piss and shit on my grave and that he would hate me forever. When I attempted last year, my college made me contact him and twisted my arm to get me to voluntarily go (basically the ER said I could go voluntarily or they would petition me to go unvoluntarily) and he blew up. The whole time I kept saying please don't make me tell him, you don't understand how he'll get, and they wouldn't listen. When I showed the counselor the texts he sent right after she said "wow I'm sorry I didn't believe you, I never thought he would be that cruel". The fall out from being committed was that my dad gave me an ultimatum of dropping out of college because I "couldn't handle it" or he would cut me off financially and emotionally for good. 

Now I'm living with my dad's mom. I know I could talk to my boyfriend or mom about but they would force me to go to a hospital and I'm on my dad's insurance and my grandmother would tell him if I'm gone for a while.

I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like all I can do is shout to the void on the internet and it makes me feel so small. 

I'm so close to giving up
