I broke up with my gf, now feeling awful and hating myself. Also have abusive parents. Everything is falling apart. I don't believe in my future.I am 26yo male from small city in Southern Kazakhstan. I work in a bank as a low level manager, reasonably well-paid job in our country. I am a convinced atheist. I was raised by my grandma(80yo) and grandpa(82yo), cause my parents divorced, then my father hang himself(I was 2yo), the day when court hearing happened.  Then, my grandpa convinced my mom that she can't afford a child and he can adopt me. My mom agreed, then married another man and I've seen her only one time in 24 years. I don't have any feelings for her.

My grandma and grandpa hate each other, on top of all. Grandpa always curses her, yells at her, etc. Grandma sometimes answers back, conflict escalates, grandma calls her sons, they try to make peace, always fail, take her to their home, after like a week, grandpa calls his son to get her home. Nobody is apologizing for anything. I have never seen my grandpa apologize for anything to anyone. Also, my grandpa has this victim manipulation, when he everyday says that he did everything to raise me(which is true) and other children and we can't care after him as much as he did. Also, he always blames me that I am not like other people's son. "They did that, they're working in Korea, in Russia, in US and earning 5 times more than you earn". When I say"okay, I can also go to Korea and earn as much" he replies" No, you can't. You will be lost there." I have my own apartment in suburb, I can't even sleep there for one night. He will say" You are not grateful, look at neighbor's son, he looks after him 24/7'. Of course, because he doesn't have a job. And everyday psychological abuse continues. It started when I was 10-11 he would start speaking when we were about to sleep, and talk for 4-5 hours, then we slept around 3-3,5 am. It's been 15 years already. He wants to control everything. Even when I am eating meal f.e. add garlic he says, I say I don't want to. He replies: "Of course, you don't want to. When did you ever do something I told?".
He even tells me to quit my job and work as a teacher, because I may go to jail if I mess up documents. Also, he has arthritis in his knees and can't walk. Doctor said that only way to treat it is surgery and knee replacement for prosthesis and doctor won't fo it because of risks to the heart.  Everyday for past 5 years he comes up with something from the TV, radio, magazines, etc. that will definitely treat his knee. From horses shit to snakes oil. And very expensive MLM stuff. 
We always eat three of us, and he always  reads aloud newspaper, articles that fits his views. F.e. on adultery, woman hatred, etc. We sit in silence, if we speak, he will tell all our mistakes(how I failed test to prestigious school in 7th grade, how I lost my ebook reader, how I lost my backpack with money, etc.) which we've been listening for years before sleep. But it's been 5 or 6 years since he stopped talking before sleep, when I moved to my own room with scandal, but moved. He has 5 sons, 3 daughters. First son doesn't recognize him as father, as he was himself his grandpas son(we have this weird tradition to give first child to parents), 2nd lives in another city and he comes once in 3-4 years and doesn't care(he moved out as soon as he married as 18yo), 3rd died early, 4th my father hang himself when I was two years old, 5 th is the only one who tries to care. Daughters have their husbands and their parents, and they physically can't visit us more than once per week. They all kind of know him, yet they pressure that It's my responsibility, since heritage will also be mine. They say how much will he live, wait couple years more, everything will be alright. 
So, this is my parents.


Yesterday I broke up with my gf(19yo), whom I loved very much. She's Muslim,very smart and pretty. We talked over phone and texted each other everyday over 3 weeks, everything was going great, then we decided to meet. It's very hard to get out of house in here for girls without permission. She lied something to her parents and we met. We dined and talked over two hours. I was very frank. I said everything about me. I said that I am an atheist, but I respect her beliefs.  
I told my gf everything she needs to know. Then, at the end of date, she said that she didn't feel we are meant for each other, and that she had another bf whom she dated over a year, but her mother was against that bf, but she can't forget her. Okay, we agreed that it's probably right and broke up. 

Now, I feel, that everything is meaningless. I should care after elders(80yo and 82yo). I need some help with them, I can't afford housewife. All of their sons (3) and daughters (3) are living on their own. Grandpa doesn't want to leave his house, no matter what. I want to marry someone I like, who will help me look after my elders, and I can't find anyone. Like 90% of girls here are very Muslim girls. Other 10% will not be approved by my family, and they probably have progressive views and won't f.e. shower my grandma, as they don't feel it's their responsibility. I can probably fake that I am a Muslim, but I would be disgusted with myself. I was very pressured when I studied at college, where everybody did Namaz, they would pressure me everyday about why I am not doing. I had many questions that nobody could answer, they said I shouldn't question belief. Honestly, I don't care If there's God or not.I just want to fucking live my life stressless and without any conflicts in comfort. 

All our relatives are pressuring me to get married asap. I don't know what to do. What to live for? I want to run from all of them, rent cheap apartment and play CSGO and chess all day long, read books,  watch Twitch streams and jav porn for next 30 years. I just don't see any solution, and I don't have anyone to talk to. I have one friend, he says I should focus on work, it will help. Nobody understands me. My country, Kazakhstan, has one the highest suicide rates, like top3, yet we don't have single hotline not from country, not from international communities. I have good health and enough money, this house (around 70k$ worth) and my own apartment (20k$ worth), yet I want to fucking end it all. I kind of understand my father now.