Looking for some advice on handling thoughtsHi guys, I’ve had an account for years, however have not been active and therefore forgot my username. I posted to r/depression aswell - not for the karma but to talk (I actually do not understand the karma yet). I am in a really bad shape mentally and I know you cannot help me get to where I need to be. However, sometimes you just need an outlet for some of your thoughts. This post is introduced by me being on drugs – something I swore I would never get into again (stopped a while ago). And now I am sitting by myself in my apartment, high on coke. Great. I just want to escape my reality…

I have been in a bad shape for a while, even though I have managed to perform at a new job, which I got in April. I am well aware that I am very lucky, since a there is a lot of you guys that are not able to get out of the bed, let alone sustaining a job. I am humbled by that and hate the fact that I in any sense feel entitled to seek help with you guys. However, I hate myself. I honestly cannot remember a time where I have been happy with who I am, my personality and my actions socially. My two biggest problems are my own thoughts about myself and what others think of me. Described with one word it is self-esteem (I know it is not foreign to a lot). I am an introvert than reflects heavily on what I do and what others do. I try to consider every outcome imaginable. It is something that has help me get in the position I am in today. However, it is also very problematic and puts me in a state of never-happiness. It’s a huge burden to always question your own actions and worrying about what others think. Always assuming the worst about myself. The problem is that with those thoughts you are never yourself. You put on a show to honor your own illusion and deception of what other people what like to see, in front of your friends and family. They end up hating your show-it-all personality, however it is the only way you can feel accepted. By always reminding everyone that you are good enough (that being money, grades etc.), even though you never feel like it is an achievement. An empty show to a deeper problem. And I know this, being very rational (and in a state of “no one can tell me something I do not know about my problems”), but in the end I cannot mentally fight my emotions. 

I hurt myself mentally and verbally every day, because a lot of things, like the fact that I reacted the way I did or said what I said. I know it is very common, but I do it to a degree that I am constantly unhappy - Lying at home after work, not meeting friends, skipping out on family dinners etc. I cannot reconcile with not being a perfect person, both to myself and to others. The problem is that, as the biggest critic is one's self, I can never be perfect in my own illusion. No matter what. But my mind doesn’t comprehend that it is okay not to be perfect. Always assuming you are the biggest loser, even though you rationally can see that it is a lie or does not matter. I feel chest pains, lie in bed all weekend and watch movies to escape reality. I even took drugs today all by myself because I wanted escape. I always take any feelings to the extreme. If one says that that they do not want to hang out, it must mean that they hate me and never want to have anything to do with me. I hate that I am so controlled by my own thoughts and people’s perception of me. I end up doing and saying stupid things that are totally of topic and a pathetic way of getting them to like me. Like wasting a lot of money on bottles at clubs or saying things out of my nature. 

I have always felt like I am the scum of the earth. My friends, my family and the ones around me are so sweet to show interest in me and make me feel loved when I do express my feeling. Not more than half a year ago I opened up to my friends about the fact that my mom took her own life when I was 13. I am 26 now and it was the first time I openly shared it with friends. Despite them being really supportive, their words meant nothing. Since I am nothing, they have no reason to be sweet to me other than feeling forced to do it. “They are just saying this but actually do not like me” – my brain. Rationally it does not make sense, but emotionally and mentally that’s my take away. It has always been my take away. Trusting no one. 

I am very perplexed and often wonder why I rationally can think something and at the same time throw it out the window because of emotions. One could argue that living with an alcoholic mother makes you question everything and distance every relationship, however it happened when I was 13 years old. I should be over it by now… 

So really long ranting. I want to get better but do not know how to. I prioritize my career a lot which I question if that is a good idea, because you cannot get mentally fit when you are doing 60-70 hours a week. 

So, I guess my question to you guys is threefold; How do you manage to control your thoughts, how do I socially engage being in my situation and how do I build a sustainable happy lifestyle. I consider take my own life a lot but what keeps me on top is the fact that I should not put my brother through both losing my mom and me.