Im done trying. Im sick of losing everything i work for. Im done working towards the unobtainable. 

In the past 5 years ive worked very hard to improve my quality of life. I had a job that i truly enjoyed, a partner i loved dearly, had friends who i loved and who loved me (for literally the first time ever in my lonely life), and saved up more money than ive ever had in my life. It was the first time I've had a partner and friends, whereas for years before that i had only ever known rejection and abandonment. Ive lost all of it. I lost my job, my partner left me, I have no money left, and after i stopped drinking i lost all my friends (or at the very lest I dont hear from them anymore, cause all they want to do is party, which i dont do anymore). I havent been able to find a job since, no matter where i apply. I recently had been talking to someone everyday for months, and we became romantically interested in each other. They found someone else, and now they arent comfortable talking to me anymore because we "got too close". So I had my heart broken, and lost a really close friend at the same time, leaving me feeling like ive done something wrong, or like I, as a "human" being, am wrong. Like my existence is immoral and wrong.

I feel like im right where I started. No friends, no partner, completely alone in the world, no job, no money, and dealing with endless rejection. No matter what I do or how hard i try, i end up right back where i started. I lose everything, and every positive or happy memory i have only hurts now, because i know ill never get to feel that again.

I want it to end. I'm sick of being thrown away. I'm sick of being abandoned. And im especially sick of people telling me "it gets better" and to "stay strong". Life is a lottery that you either win or lose, and theres nothing that can be done for the ones whove lost. Its all down to genetics and luck. I lost right off the bat, and Im genetically inferior to everyone in the world around me. Life will not get better for me. My existence is immoral. The only logically, and morally, correct action would be to end myself, but my guns were taken from me by people who would rather i suffer in solitude, just so they dont have to feel the temporary pain of loss. 

Im sick of trying and working for something unobtainable to me, while simultaneously watching everyone in the world around me succeed. Im sick of everything i value and love in the world being ripped away from me. Im entitled to suicide. I deserve the release of death. Ive earned it.