Why should we stop people from killing themselves?***Edit: In hindsight, I wish I'd have named this thread "Logically talking myself into suicide and I need help" rather than the rather controversial one currently up. Thank you to those who replied anyway and didn't auto down vote me. I was beginning to feel like even people in SW didn't care for a while.***

I can see that it would be a shame if a talented individual killed themselves because of something petty, in the heat of the moment. That of all the possible mistakes we can make, this is the most terrible one, with permanent consequences.

Humans can do some pretty stupid things in stressful situations. When we're socially disconnected, I can see why they might feel depressed. But things will get better. With enough help from you guys, the individual will eventually learn to be social. Learn to function. I truly applaud you for what you guys have done. To take the time to help out those in need. To walk them through their stressful moments.


But we euthanize pets.
It's a bit of a long jump from animals to humans, I agree. But I'd like to point out that that in particular circumstances, as much as we hate to do it, it's what's best for the dog. We do not wish to be unnecessarily cruel, and prolong their suffering. That's how I feel about myself at the moment; given my circumstances, that dieing is the more humane, and logical choice, rather than forcing someone to continue to suffer.

Don't worry. I don't see myself as suicidal. I'd like to think of myself as someone who just lost the will to live. And that there is a big difference between the two.

And I'm just fleshing out some thoughts right now.

**Being logical/Reasonable**

We cannot change ones genetic makeup. We cannot change our parents, our societal well being, our childhood experiences and tons of other factors that help shape and mould a person. All of these together, however, create people who are predisposed to different things. Maybe someone will be predisposed towards being successful; they'll be athletic or scholarly. But for sure, some people are also born in to a tough situations, they're predisposed to have to live through a tough life. It's the way of life. We can't change our past, but we can change the future. But, only to a certain degree.

I'm sure many people were born into much worse conditions than I was. For example, the starving African children that are always showing on TV. But honestly, the more you try and help them, the worse their situation is getting (look up how too many volunteers building shelters is killing the local carpenter economy). There must be a reason that it's not helping. In the same way some people are predisposed to be successful, I guess these people are predisposed to live a long life of suffering. Their future is quite bleak. No matter what they do, even with assistance from others, it seems some people just cannot get out their unfortunate situations.

Maybe we're just an evolutionary dead end. Our contribution to society is to eventually die and improve the gene pool. ...bad attempt at joke...

Like the African's, I am receiving that assistance. I have seen councillors. I have seen doctors. I am taking medication. I try and keep up a gym schedule. I go socialize. Despite me looking for help, and following what I'm suppose to do it seems none of these are really helping me. I think it is because I just don't see the future getting any better (which I know is often a sign of depression).

You say that things will get better. I believed that for 10 years. I believed that god would watch over me. I believed that, if not god, karma would eventually reward me. I thought that if not karma, than statistically, if I wait long enough, the bad things will eventually even out with the good things. That time itself will rewarded me for my perseverance. 
I thought that if I have so much crap in my regular life, than maybe I'll be lucky in the one thing that matters most to me, and I would be happy. Breaking up with my girlfriend wasn't the catalyst to these thoughts, I have no ill intentions towards her. I mention this because for the longest of time, thinking about being in a relationship was what kept pushing me. Since I was 12, I've always had some minor hope that one day, I'll have a beautiful relationship that will make all my problems vanish, or pale in comparison. That life afterwards would be worth living for those moments. But after trying as hard as I can from my end of the relationship, at making things work out, it just didn't. Now, I've just become realistic about it, a relationship is not going to solve all my problems. Like any good relationship, there will be its own issues that come up. And it will definitely not automaticly make me happy. 

I'm sure things will get better, but when? The reason I'm still waiting right now is because I've waited so long already. The Sunk Cost Fallacy. I just don't want to lose my 10 years in vain. And of course, nothing just magically falls into place, but I WAS actively seeking and doing my part. Since being in a relationship makes me happy I still want to be in some kind of committed relationship (being realistic that it won't be perfect, and fix all my problems), I tried getting out there and meeting some people. I'm not socially awkward, and can be quite charming. But nothing at all. I guess people my age just aren't looking for the type of relationship that I want, at least not enough for me to find them.
Perhaps looking for something that isn't relationship related will make me happy? But I couldn't find any. I've gone out there and tried some new stuff. But I have no particular likes for any hobby, and I waste a lot of times playing video games, which make me feel guilty afterwards. There isn't a particular activity that I enjoy doing. There's nothing that I want to work towards. There's nothing out there that will bring a smile to my face.

People in the sunk coast fallacy eventually have to recognized when to cut their losses; And for me, the waiting thing isn't working out.

When I go through life without happy moments, it's painful. I don't focus on just the negatives. Taking an analogy from relationships, they say that for a relationship to work out, you need 5 happy moments for every one negative. But I can't even think of the last 5 times I was happy, or smiled. Maybe it's because I spent so much time in my 'relationships are good dome' that I can't appreciate other stuff. Regardless, walking around without any sense of purpose, or direction in life, may very well be a fate more cruel than death. Is it fair to make someone continue to suffer like this, just because suicide is 'bad'? 


If I die,I will hurt the people around me. That's true. But I am sick of being a nice person. Maybe there's karma. But the fact is bad things will still happen to nice people. Maybe just once, I'd like to think about myself over others. And looking at how much I'm suffering, maybe, the most logical thing to do, for myself, is to kick the bucket.

I'd like to think of myself as rational. Realistic. This is not a heat of the moment decision. This was not written  immediately after my breakup, when for sure I would be biased. Or feeling the negativity from a recent bad experience. This is my normal, day to day discussion with myself.  It's just if someone has rationally thought through this issue and still feels the same way, does there eventually come to a point where maybe, you should let them do it? You euthanized the dog for the dog's own benefit, didn't you?