Pedophilia, self-harm, and suicidal thoughts... Please help.I am a 17 year old male with a problem that is causing me a lot of anxiety and unhappiness- I think I am sexually attracted to little girls.

In other words, I am a pedophile, according to the diagnostic criteria for the disorder. 

While I am attracted to girls my age as well, it is weak and fleeting compared to my attraction to younger girls (9-12). It has reached the point where masturbating to videos of little girls dancing and talking on YouTube is far more arousing than actual pornography.

I will never abuse a child, and I know I won't because I've had ample opportunities to do so but never seriously entertained the idea even once. But no matter how much I suppress and hate myself for these feelings, they still persist. I love everything about little girls- the way they move, the way they speak, the way they think. When I'm around them, I get a deep feeling of warmth in my chest that radiates throughout my body - I realized that this was the feeling of being in love, and although it could just be bad luck, I've never had similar feelings towards any girls my age. Any thought of hurting or upsetting a little girl is deeply distressing to me- my fantasies mainly revolve around saving little girls from danger or abuse, teaching them about the world, and mutually pleasurable and consenting kissing and cuddling (penetration disgusts me). 

In our society, being a pedophile is one of the most heinous things a person can be, and it makes me sick writing this because I know if any of my friends or family found out, they would at worst hate and disown me and at best never think of me the same again. If anyone ever found out I would probably kill myself. 

I feel very confused, unhappy, defective, and ashamed. Every time I look at a young girl, these feelings rear their ugly head and my self-esteem falls lower and lower. I think about killing myself constantly, but I know I won't do it and am just intentionally submerging myself in self-pity, making me even more unhappy. I sometimes wish I would get some kind of terminal illness, and have started smoking heavily in the past few months on this basis, but feel even worse for being selfish enough to risk ruining my family's financial and emotional well being to satisfy my self-loathing.

I can't go to a therapist, because it's not uncommon for them to report self-identified pedophiles who come to them for help to the police (for being a "threat to the well-being of a child"), and ruining their lives in the process.

It seems I am becoming less attracted to adults and teens by the day, while my attraction to young girls is growing. I am very pessimistic about the future, and my happiness and enthusiasm for living is at its absolute bottom in my life so far. 