I'm in a really hard place when it comes to school and mentally. No one in my life listens or really cares. I know that this situation is complicated and no one can really give advice on school but tips on how to approach my parents and better deal with my emotions are greatly appreciated.# 

This is a throwaway account and email, it would be mortifying if anyone I knew read this. So basically to start from the beginning I go to a really small school that is basically catholic school. I can't really explain why the school is so small no one really knows. There are very few students and a lot of the students that are there are international students. That really isn't the issue but there is a significant language barrier that keeps us from interacting and in the end, both parties give up and since there is already a group of international students they feel at home. I am gonna try to limit the description of myself but just for some background, I am much younger than all the students I am in class with and it's pretty isolating. I don't have any close friends as all the ones I've had in the past left due to the situation in the school and we end up naturally drifting apart. When I entered 9th-grade last year every single classmate from the previous year transferred and I was alone, despite that fact I became close with two girls in my class that I had a large age gap with. It was pretty stressful being friends with people much older than me because I was always thinking "do they think I'm annoying", "am I too immature", "I am scared to come to them with my insecurities or concerns because won't they think they are silly and would think poorly of me". Despite that, the year went mostly smoothly and although I was aware of the situation in school I was pretty happy. Then come this year the situation changed dramatically. The previous 5 teachers we had for the entire school, including a member of the administration who taught classes, turned to 3 and the school shrank farther, and the most hurtful part to me for some reason I wish I knew and I spent so much time trying to figure out why I was iced out from my 3 person friend group. It still affects me today and although I understand I could die right now and those girls wouldn't care I still cry thinking of the days when they would say good morning, shared funny posts on Instagram, or sat and ate lunch with me and wonder what did I do and what is wrong with me. My education isn't very good as my math and science teacher is an administrator who teaches alg 1,2 pre-calc, calc 1,2, bio, and physics. You probably don't believe me but if you saw how it's taught it makes more sense. I don't have a history course or what some people call social studies and my English or writing course is taught by a teacher who 1. doesn't have credentials that relate to the class, 2. can't teach, and 3. admitted themselves that the only reason they teacher here is because their spouse's job was outsourced and she needs to pay the bills. Them my civics teacher, ugh where do I start; he doesn't teach the class instead he takes some passages from the internet and asks some questions for hw. We have a book but have used it about 3 times the whole year. Also, I've never tried and ended the 3rd quarter with a 98. And the part that makes him the worst is how uncomfortable students, and I feel around him. He is very touchy, makes comments, and has wandering eyes. I really care and want a good education but all I get out of this place is a nice grade on my transcript. Also, the environment is so toxic and it's very tense. No one is happy to be there and it's very isolating. To get a feeling of how a day in my life goes, I get up in the morning knowing my day will be just as shit as the last, I get on the bus which is a broken van which I'm 40% sure failed inspection but it's cool, arrive at school and try to speed walk past THE teacher before I bang my head so hard against a wall I won't wake up, get completely ignored by my "friends", then go through all my useless classes that I don't learn anything in and no one complains about, then I go home on a different but equally as hazardous bus and when I get home I have to pretend I don't feel what I feel. I've had urges to harm myself and unfortunately, sometimes I give in. I've had thoughts of suicide but I know my pain is temporary and as much as I understand no one in my life cares about my mental state I hold on to the bit of hope it will get better. As anyone in my situation, I want to switch schools. The public school I'm districted to is pretty good and I know someone who goes there. The only problem is my family doesn't care about my loneliness, my stress, or deep sadness. I talked with them about switching and they say sure but you have to have all grades 95 or above and 1400 or higher on the SAT which I will be taking for the first time at a young age. I am studying as hard as possible to get my SAT that high and with online school, it won't be too hard to get my school grades to their liking. They have done this every time before when I wanted to switch and when I give them what they want they always scream at me till I'm shivering and an empty shell of a person about how I'm ungrateful and am too young to understand what's good for me. I don't want anyone to get the impression I'm abused or something like that. I know my parents love me and work as hard as they do to give me the best life possible but I wish they could just understand where I'm coming from. When I came to my family previously about my suicidal thoughts I was told this is proof I don't study hard enough. This crushed me because the only reason that I study or try to geta good resume for college is so that they would be happy to have me as a child and be proud; I don't have any motivation to better myself as a person or have a good future. I can't really see myself in the future nor can I really imagine myself making it to college as bad as it sounds. This year is my last hope at a chance. I don't have a plan b and if I don't switch the faint light at the end of the tunnel disappears. As of writing this, my parents are in their room discussing how lazy I am and how I won't achieve anything in life. This may get lost in translation but I am apparently blood sucking because I was asking my mom to have a conversation with me. That's all I wanted, just a plan not all these uncertainties that lead to hopeless crying nights covering my mouth or breathing into my pillow so no one hears me. I'm sorry this was so long but someone please tell me I'm not just immature and need to listen to my parents, please tell me how to manage my thoughts because I'm tired. I don't know if everyone goes through this but the constant disappointment, betrayal, and loss of hope is exhausting. I decide to continue to wake up every morning because of the little hope I have for friends who will facetime me randomly, send me posts on instagram, ask how I'm doing, say good morning, and come to me for advice. Thank you for reading &lt;3