Not Sure if it's Worth it AnymoreA little bit of context:
I'm a survivor of ritual abuse. I have Dissociative Identity Disorder and PTSD because of that. I also was born with autism. Though I had made a lot of progress in therapy, I can no longer continue the therapy -- I had stopped a few years ago due to moving and change of insurance. There are no therapists who are willing to discuss my disorders. Because of my "strange behavior" when I have a flashback, or Switch -- or respond literally to a metaphor or miss subtle hints in conversations -- people have said that I'm stupid, weird, etc. My last psychologist did a core personality test on me, and found that I'm two standard deviations below normal levels for human aggression and anger; that my response is "stunted" -- I rarely have tantrums or act aggressive physically or verbally when I'm angry with someone. She said that this was "bizzare and unnatural" and that she wants me to "learn how to be appropriately aggressive." But, I really don't want to be aggressive, because it's not who I am. I don't look down on other people for their aggression, but it simply doesn't suit me. Furthermore, I'm kind to everyone, and none of my alters are rude when they take control. But it seems that my kindness is overlooked for how "weird" I am. Lately, I've consistently wondered if other kind people exist, for how I've been treated. I don't expect anyone to give me ALL of their attention and time, but I feel that the attention I do receive is sub-par and neglectful.
My brother, who was transgender (ftm), ended his life because he couldn't continue his gender therapy. My girlfriend ended her life because of her own struggles with PTSD and Depression. Because they have left me, I have few people who actually care about me. I have two people who say that if I hurt myself, I'll be killing them in the process (which they explained may or may not be literal, but that it will definitely injure them in some manner). I have others who say that they care, but they talk over me when I'm trying to tell them what's wrong. I feel very alone, and like nobody actually cares about me or wants to deal with me because I'm a "freak." I'm losing friends rapidly to my conditions.
End of context.
So... I'm not sure if it's worth it anymore. To keep on going. I'm scared of dying, but I know that no matter how painful it is, I'll be free from my life afterward. I will be free from any feelings at all. I often wonder if I ought to commit myself (again) to a psychiatric hospital, but I always feel that they, too, will ignore what I'm feeling and throw me out (as they did to both my loved ones who took their own lives). I've been told that my experiences with abuse aren't valid and that I should just get over them, because "at least I'm not a war veteran." I think that if no one cares, or rather, is bothered by my existence, then I must be doing them a great service by killing myself. 
Thanks for listening.