Diagnosed Biplolar but that is not a reason why.Background: I am 44 (m), diagnosed and have been off meds for going on 20 years. Married, no kids. Both parents died 4 years ago and had therapy for 10 years.

I know when I am having a depressive event and know how to stop it from progressing. Today is not one  of thise days. A horrible day at work and then, I almost snapped. Things are going poorly at work, my home life is not happy and I am tired of constanly goong through the "gotcha" squad who justify their jobs by sniping at everone. I am constantly passed over promotion and getting nowhere fast. The mistakes I make are my own, but it difficult to give a flying rat's ass.

Home isn't pretty. Wife won't work, but essentially tells me to suck it up. 4 cats, a new house thAt is falling apart and a bitter wife. And I just don't see the point any longer. 

So, ar 3pm, i began writing out the note, then was thinking about getting my 9mm out of my car, walk back into the office and make one loud noise and a huge mess. I debated that last bit and contemplated just doing it in the car. Then it occurred to me that it wasn't fair to off myself in the office and traUmatize my cube mates. 

The sick part is me worrying over the fact that there would be no life insurance payout and the hurt I would cause with one aelfish act.

So, I may walk out of the office, get in my car and make it insellable this week. I just don't want to keep failing others, day after day fir another 23 years intil I eventually died at my desk, doing the same thing, every day fir the rest of my miserable life.

Thanks for taking the time to read. 

tL:dr
I suck.

Update: Thurs morning. 
Took all of the strength I had to walk into work. Sat in the car for 10 minutes looking at treatment options (inpatient). I don't want all of the structure that is provided. I don't want to share or be creative. I just want to be left alone with minimal distraction so I can attempt to work through. The urge to drive off the road at very high speed was very strong. I also had an urge to take a mental health day. If I did, i could not go home or else play 5 billion questions. Going to a movie is a distraction. Same for a mall, sitting in a cafe. I will try to busy myself, but this isn't a brain chemical thing.

It is like coming to a sudden conclusion that all of life is one giant illusion and torture chamber at the same time. Feeling so insignificant, hopeless and pointless and knowing that this world, at this moment, people suck. And being in that world also hurts.

Update: Thursday evening. Quiet day at work. I was left alone for a good chunk, which allowed me to get some work done and calm down a bit. I can't say that I feel better, or that the notion hasn't faded. I am still deeply unhappy with life and there is only one way to escape this purgatory. If I win the Mega Millions jackpot, will I be happy? No, but at least I will have the means to go off the grid and never have to deal with another soul for the rest of my miserable life.

Last edit:
Sitting here in a parking lot after a fight with my wife over dinner. I have been looking at the bullet for the past 30 minutes that I will use while listening to music. I'm not going home tonight. 