If the girl my best friend is going to ask out says yes, then there's no reason to live anymoreLiterally the only person I have in this entire world is my best friend, and on Friday he's going to ask one of his coworkers out on a date. If she says yes, then we won't be able to hang out anymore. I'm a lesbian, but he comes over two or three times a week and sleeps over because he lives out of town and it's a bit of a commute to get to school and work. We're really close. I consider him my brother and I know he thinks of me the same way, but both of us know how girls are. If he starts dating this girl, she's not going to allow him to see me or even talk to me much. 

I haven't told him any of this, but I've been depressed and suicidal for my entire life. It's gotten to be so normal for me that I'm an expert at hiding it. I was adopted by a family who later abandoned me and now wants nothing to do with me. I got into contact with my biological family last year, but they are messed up beyond repair, and quite honestly, I hate them. Just last night my alcoholic birth mother called me up and informed me how she "relapsed" (for the seventh time that week), broke her wrist somehow (she think she may have punched something) and then fell asleep with a lit cigarette and later woke up on fire. She spent two months in the burn unit and was then allowed to return to her apartment. My biological sister is a convicted felon, my older brother is chronically homeless... and my younger biological brother lives with my adoptive family and doesn't want to speak to me.

As for me, my life is turned around, but there is no joy in it because I have nobody to share it with. I am in college, earn decent grades, live on my own, have a job... but it's empty.

The only reason I haven't killed myself is because of my friend, but once he's gone, there's no reason not to do it. I might end up having a superficially great future, but deep down, there will be nothing to it. I don't have medical insurance so I can't get on antidepressants or get much-needed treatment for my thyroid disease. I can go days without eating, yet still somehow manage to gain weight. All I ever want to do is sleep. 

Anyway, if she says yes, after he moves all his things out of my place and returns his key (yes, we're that close), I'm going to do it. I'm so tired, and life hurts so much.