i just need a therapist and there are many opportunities for me to get one but i just can't in that certain wayposted on here before on other throwaways, so here i go.
this is all a big jumble of sentences but i kind of plastered all of my current thoughts from the past few days to the present.

i find myself to be in a limbo of fluctuating moods that can go from manic-like to suicidal in a few hours and suicidal to normal in a week. i find myself coming here every week because i have another breakdown and then it's another slow buildup until im stable again until i break apart again.

well another event in my life has happened that has brought me great sadness, doesn't really matter to mention. ill get over it because i got over it a month ago.

i'm a minor by the way, i cant exactly wait it out till im 18 because i'll still need to rely on my parents either way for the cost of therapy. i've been asking both of my parents to bring me to therapy, i've been begging them. i've been telling them im in a dark spot again, and i keep returning. i tell them i fear i will attempt suicide again, but i feel like they wont listen until they perhaps notice another hospital bill is on their bank statements. maybe a funeral home this time. 

i cant go to my school for help. i have just enough mental energy to get by in school, not necessarily to do my best, but enough to "pass". the last time i went to my school, it ended into a complete shit show for confessing how i really felt and it led to my older siblings belittling me on how ive caused a great deal of hardship and to "get my fucking act together". 

my dad doesnt want to pay for therapy either. as fucking crazy as this sounds, he believes i will heal mentally through a rigorous sport schedule, he told one of my psychiatrists this and she said hes fucking crazy but he of course doesn't listen from what he's telling me right now.

i feel like im living in a fucking crazy world. i feel like im going psychotic. right now i am so disassociated from my life, i went to school this morning on total autopilot and barely got by just from walking class to class and barely even doing shit. 

maybe i should try the 72hours. my parents wont listen to me. the last time i attempted they told me to lie about why i swallowed pills and blood thinners because they scared me out of saying the truth. but at the same time i cant, i have school and i cant afford missing school but i am on edge with this and i feel like i wont be able to even handle it anymore.

fuck i can look back at this post a week from now and not remember it. thats how bad this has gotten. i am not me when i write like this, i dont remember writing any of this. i feel like im in a sort of dream-like state.

im going to end my post here because i feel like i ventured away from the depression topic of the sub but i dont know what to do anymore. maybe im here looking for help, maybe im here crying for help, maybe im here signifying something is about to happen. 

im only a month into school and im exhausted. i dont know what the fuck im doing with my life anymore and my parents dont care at all. i find it ironic that the solution to my suicide is to attempt suicide to gain awareness of it from them but i realize i can just go to the school and say im suicidal right there and end up in the same place. but i think the one thing preventing me from doing that shit is the fact that i am so conflicted in what to do and i just want to get out of this fucking state of mind already.

ps. also sorry if i mention a depression sub in the post. i dont feel like going thru and changing any of it bc im just too tired rn. i was originally posting to /r/depression but it saidd any mention of suicide belongs here so here I am posting on /r/suicidewatch. lucky me

