I'm sorry for not having a bad life.That's what my family wants me to say.  For the ones that wanted to know something about me, the next paragraph is about it... (Sorry for the new bible, I'm not okay these days and really need to unburden). If u just don't wanna read all of this fucking shit, go to the last paragraph.

 Today i heard my aunt tell me that my life was not so difficult since my mother always worried about taking care of my hair, food, home, etc. The truth is that my mother always said how bad it was to have children, how regretful she was for having me, how much I was "Daughter of the Devil".  She wouldn't let me hug her (because she didn't like any touch), or leave the house for a while, or see my friends.  She came home fighting with me, hated me because my father left her because of me, chased me around the places, watched me hidden by the house, and that list is long.  I suffered bullying, I am lgbt, woman, black, I suffered homophobia even without my family having the confirmation.  I suffered abuse for a whole week inside my own home, I was beaten by my mother.  There have been times when she went to the principal to badmouth me and have an eye on me. She manipulated everyone's mind so that I would always be wrong one, the list is really huge, in addition to the neglect of medical help.  She never denied me going to the doctor, but whenever I felt something, she said that I was exaggerating, today I have a chance to develop uterine cancer due to her negligence.  I am not happy with the situation in my country, I am not happy with people's ignorance, I am not happy with the loss of the most important person in my entire life (grandma, which happened a month ago).  I tried suicide at the age of 9, after seeing my best friend leave me, be humiliated by school, been beaten at that place, my grandma almost died ending up in the hospital, at the end of that and more, I ended up picking up a knife on my birthday, alone  , and going to kill myself, stopping only because of a promise that I made that moment to myself "I will try to continue, but I forgive myself if I kill myself in the future, everything will be fine".  I received so many threats from my mother as a child, abandonment threats.  And even though I just wanna make she happy.

Today I heard my aunt saying that I should feel happy because my mom isn't that bad than her dad, and I'm not even old enough to be suicidal.  I am currently 18 years old and today, I cannot see many reasons to live, I want my grandma, I want peace, but now, I think she is right, my life wasn't so bad to be so suicidal so younger. And I don't wanna that phrase "No one can say how much it has hurt u"... I know.. But sometimes I need to see that these things aren't common to a child pass through. I don't wanna be... selfish? Idk, but knowing that everyone is bad just make me feel worse, it's like everyone is worse than me and is handle it better. At my current age, I was diagnosed with depression, anxiety, almost with DID, almost with PTSD, BUT I CAN'T SEE THAT MY WHOLE LIFE IS REALLY SOMETHING SO BAD. I'm selfish for wanting to be worse? It was really so bad? I seriously need to know. So there I could say that I'm not okay without being ridiculed. Really sorry for this fucking mess that I put here, being alive is rough sometimes.