Watching your ex stop caring and moving onI don't want him to ever come across this post, so I will leave all the distinctive details out.

He messaged me on a very particular day, a date I will never forget. I date that will always remind me of him. It didn't take long to fall for him. We were dating for a few months, which I didn't know back then would be the best times of my life. He told me he never liked a girl as much as he liked me. He was extremely good looking, could get any girl in person, yet he was with me. I know he cared about me, I know what he was telling me was true. I couldn't believe it... it was a dream come true. The person you want more than anything in this world actually wants you back?

He was the only and first person who ever made me question what "I love you" really means. Previously, I had just said it for the sake of saying it. Or I thought what I felt was love, but it wasn't. Because my feelings for them weren't nearly as intense as they are now. He has never been in love, and a part of me was hoping I would be his first. Heck, I wanted that more than anything, he was my boyfriend. Thing is...with every great love, comes along a greater pain.

He had started to act distant, and honestly I was sick of it. So i just said what I thought the problem was. He only liked me, when I was in love with him.

He didn't expect me to feel that way so soon. But I did. I didn't want to, but I had fallen for him since the very beginning. We broke up 2 days after that. He said he has been thinking, and he realized that it wouldn't work in the future. I agreed with him, he is SO far away from me, and our timing wouldn't match. But I wanted to try at least. Then he said he was scared to fall in love with me, because he wouldn't be able to leave me in the future if that happened, rather our situation would separate us. So it was better to do it now. We stopped talking for a good while, but we would talk for a bit in the middle. It has been 5 months since the break up. We started to talk again about a week ago, knowing it was a bad idea. As we aren't completely over each other. But I just couldn't go on without talking to him.

Now, Today, I am watching him completely move on. He takes hours to reply to me, I am sitting here pathetically watching his snap score go up as I'm left on delivered. The pain is so intense I am begging God to just kill me. This pain has me wishing my flight in a few days crashes, and destroys me.

I don't know how to cut him off. I have TRIED that and it didn't work. I can't stop thinking about him, I can't stop wanting him and I don't think I ever will. I have tried every trick there is, finding hobbies blah blah blah. I don't know how to keep living, when I will never get the person I love. I don't want to live knowing his first love will be someone else. It's simply unbearable