Reading the rules of this community... makes me feel a little hopefulIm a 24 year old female. For some background information, I have had by all accounts a close-to perfect life. 

I was born in America and am the child of immigrants. My mother is supportive, but the older I've grown and the more successful I've gotten, the less I've been able to relate to her. My father is out of the picture. I have one sibling and no cousins. I attended an ivy league university, made great friends, and from amongst my friends, work one of the most prestigious jobs available earning high six figures. Unlike others in my field, I have great work life balance. I'm in excellent health, considered to be "objectively beautiful," etc. Up until the age of 18, I lived a life of consistently being the best at whatever I did. I was the best musician, writer, student, had the most volunteer hours, started my own company, whatever. This success seems to have just been masking the abyss that is inside me. 

In college, I entered into an emotionally abusive relationship. I stayed in the relationship because I believed that I wouldn't find any one better and because I'd convinced myself that I'd be happiest if I wound up long term with the first guy I ever dated. I am still with that guy, and the emotional abuse continues. I can handle it because I love being around him (when he's not being a dick) and I just keep hoping that things will go back to when we first started dating. I would appreciate it if people who responded to this post took it as fact that my boyfriend is emotionally abusive. I honestly don't think that this abuse is causing my feeling described below. He does or says mean things and I'm just like... okay bro. I'd work on breaking up with him... but why should I given point 2 below

I do think that this relationship made me, for a time, less obsessed with being perfect in school and at work, and more focused on being perfect / perfecting the relationship. Once I got over this stupid relationship obsession, I learned that my grades had slipped, I'd lost out on "prestigious" opportunities, etc. It took me a while to get back on track. I was sad about the opportunities I missed... but I realized something important

1. These awards, opportunities, etc all mean nothing. My mom will say she's proud (she says it less often now because I suspect she wants me to find an inner happiness instead of wanting that happiness to come from some external force). My boyfriend will make fun of me for pursuing "prestigious" things because I care so much about what people think (not true, and he does this no matter what I pursue). Now I pursue things which interest me or that I need to make money and survive, and out of habit, I tend toward excellence, and yes some of these happen to be "prestigious".
2. I was the happiest I'd ever been because some guy was nice to me and seemed to "get" me. People place so much value on relationships but there is no guarantee that these relationships will always be comfortable. My friends have moved away and are pursuing relationships, my boyfriend is abusive, my mom is so difficult to speak with and all she cares about is money, so its hard to do anything fun with her. When I'm with people whose company I enjoy, I have fun but I realize that just like these opportunities I've worked hard to be successful at... all these relationships are temporary. They're just another external force that fills people, myself included, with joy. When these people go home or turn against me, there is nothing inside of me that fulfills me. 

The more successful I get ...   the more I find life to be futile. I find myself thinking whenever I experience the normal emotional downturns associated with being a human (read: I don't think I have depression) that wouldn't it be easier to just die rather than experience a life so dependent on others. Honestly, I wouldn't know how to end it, my mom would be sad, and I'm hoping that things get better are the only reason I haven't pursued death more seriously but it crosses my mind more and more often, so I'm hoping this sub can help. 

I'm excited to read any and all responses / advice. Thank you for reading this.