Spirits?WARNING*

Stories, fact &amp; fiction, teach all kinds of lessons. Before colonization, Natives passed them down word for word from generation to generation. No books. No alphabet. Other legends are across North America on totem poles, big houses, button blankets, etc.

I cannot tell you my stories traditionally, but I would love to answer any questions as well as I can.

I have been sick: strep throat/fever. It is still lingering after 2 weeks! I have been bedridden for what feels like an eternity! I thought I was going to die. Thankfully, Brad has been taking care of me, as always.

One night, he asked if I remembered a story about his brother. I woke up to realize I was so sick that I fell asleep on him &amp; barely comforted him. He was sad talking about him. I slept like shit. Nothing new, but I got up around 3 AM.

I have been feeling suicidal. I have been wanting to give up. All this negative self talk from the ripple effects of residential school &amp; the Vietnam war has been too much for Brad &amp; I to handle alone for too long.

I hate asking for help; it's all I want to do for others. These intergenerational impacts &amp; learned behaviours have taught me to stay quiet &amp; hide my stories. To hide the shame of those I considered important. To have them only be there for good times, not bad.

The moment I realized it was Billy's 12 year crushed me. Drinking &amp; driving. Although I never met him, he always said, "every day above ground is fucking awesome."

As soon as I remembered this, a weight was lifted, my dizziness/fever got better, my negative self talk shifted. "Why are you so hard on yourself? Why are you so mean to yourself?"

"Why?" I constantly ask myself, seeking answers.

I had a hard time admitting to friends, family, &amp; especially my husband about feeling suicidal. Why? His other brother, Steven, commit suicide when Brad was 3.

Brad too had similar intergenerational trauma run in his family from colonization &amp; poverty.

If things were different,we might be able to enjoy their company today.

I think their spirits picked me up &amp; gave me my voice that I am constantly told to keep quiet.

Please reach out. You are not alone. I care.