I guess years of sexual abuse is my faultPain. It's difficult to write why I'm feeling this way. I try to bury the pain 100 feet deep, but it always escapes. The pain of sexual abuse never goes away. It exists in the back of my mind. I don't think a day goes by I don't think about it. 

Both of my brothers molested me as a child. One did it a few times when I was around 5, but he got caught and never touched me again. 

When I was 7, the other one started. That kept going until I was almost 14. The shame and guilt is still there. The nightmares I have every night help keep it all alive. 

When I was 9, I had to spend the night at a family friend's house with my brother. Her son was having a sleepover with one of his friends, and so was her daughter. She also had another son that was much older, but he was upstairs with his girlfriend.

 She asked if I wanted to go hang out with her daughter and her friends, but I declined. I didn't want to be a 9 year old bugging a bunch of 16 year olds. Wish I would have taken her up on that offer. Their mom left for work early that morning and left us all alone. 

I slept on the couch that night and got woken up by my brother and the other 2 boys. They wanted to play games. We played some, but things began to get weird when they started to fight over me. I was really confused and didn't understand what was going on. 

We eventually settled on playing hide and go seek. I was hiding ontop of a bunk bed. When they found me, they all held me down and began to take my clothes off. They each started pulling out their penis, while touching me. I didn't know what to do, so I just started screaming. Eventually, his older brother came running in and grabbed me. He wasn't sure what to do. He shuffled me off into his sister's room. My parents came and picked us up about an hour later. 

They didn't find out this happened until I was around 16. My dad wanted to kill those 2 boys, but the funny thing was, it was a different story when it came to his own 2 sons doing it. Funny how that works. Guess it's different if you keep it all in the family. 

My parents have always swept my sexual abuse under the rug, because they didn't want to lose their sons. I guess nobody wants to tear apart their family for one person, so I guess you go by the law that the majority rules.  

Even with therapy and medication, suicidal thoughts overtake my brain. Swirling around until I can no longer take the pain. Sometimes it's far too much.

 I feel like I have no one to turn to without being judged. I remember telling a couple of my friends once. They all just kept asking why I didn't tell anyone and why I let it keep happening. I guess pain, fear, and shame will do that to you though. I guess it is my fault.