Thank you and GoodbyeDear Human Bean, 

My name is Ash (like not really duh but that's the name of the real me). If you're reading this I'm either dead or stop stalking me. Assuming I'm dead, let me say this one thing. Whew! It's been quite a ride! If you've known me well enough to find this post, then you'll know how fun this has been for both of us. With that out of the way, if you haven't known already 'ahem' mom or dad I'm bi :) congrats! You have a very non linear dead person in your hands. So, I guess you're wondering why? You'll know by the time you've finished reading this. But first, you're probably super pissed or sad at me or even yourself (but don't beat yourself up it's obviously my fault cause I'm the one sitting in the ground) but anyhoo, feel free to curse my soul to hell (if that's not where it already). So, why? Well it's a bit of a long story but it all started when I realized that no one really cared about me at all. (you obviously do because you've gone through the pains of finding this post) If I died, the world would just spin on. Sure, everybody would be sad for a little while but then what the hell, people move on. So, having these very existential thoughts at the tender age of 8 3/4 is not very pleasant. Also, look up conditioning. When you don't have that many friends and the ones you do always leave or hurt you and you're the first child well there's a certain amount of shit going on in your little mind. I'm sorry I could never be the asian stem kid or that successful, kind, well rounded perfect daughter/human. You deserved better. Anyhoo, back to the story, running away to go kill yourself when you're nine is not a very good life choice. Especially when you're wearing lingerie, barefoot, and cuddling stuffed animals with tears spilling down your cheeks as you run with the drunken drivers so you can go get run over by a train. So don't do that please. Also, giving me internet was a bad idea. Reddit has been here for me when no one was, especially r/SuicideWatch. I've posted so much of my mind on here and I've honestly gotten so much support. That's why I need to thank you guys for being awesome. Back to the story, p~~ainless~~ death for a worthless human being? Sign me right up! I have gone through many obsessions with methods of death, starting with the beautiful exit bag. Now you're probably appalled by the matter of casualty in which I speak of death and dying but for me it's been normal for over four years. I've never understood why people want to live when death is so easy. I'm going off on a tangent, aren't I? Okay, so back to the story. Well, guess what. Not to point any fingers or anything but being called a loser among many, many, many other things by people close to you (ugh relationships) and being dragged down the stairs by your hair, beaten with a stair rail and kicked is not a great way to live your life. Oh wait - I deserve it! Oh well. I can't count the number of times I just have a panic attack in the bathroom because I'm there again. I chase death so that I'll never have to look in the mirror and see my ugly ass self or feel guilty about lying to you. I chase death because it'll be the only gift I can give to this world. I chase death because all I do is hurt the people I love. So, writing this now as a newly turned 13 year old, I have always wished to never go to high school so you tell me - have I? I honestly have no idea. I wonder if anyone has known the depths of my darkness, the layers of my lies and deceptions, the broken shards that I cut myself with whenever I'm too numb to feel anything. Well now you do! I've been wanting to die so badly that I've tried over six times and well I guess this was the last. Thank god. There are things that kept me alive, like my cat, pho3nix, books and other things but I've tried to distance myself from them to let me go with a peaceful heart. I'm sorry I pushed you away and if it made this whole catastrophe hurt more but hopefully it'll let you let me go. I've always felt like death was the answer. It offered me freedom and safety - love. I guess I'm testing my theory out. So please know that my broken, shriveled, blackened heart has some affection for whomever is reading this because tears are streaming down my face as I write this. Take comfort in knowing that this decision to end my life is the hardest thing I've ever done and a purely selfish one at that. I guess I'll see you on the other side. I'm sorry and I love you as much as I can love anything. This one is to my small green werewolf. This one is to my deadish and alivish Schrodinger. This one is to the friends that cared for me. This one is to the people who helped me. And this one is to the ones that I hate to leave behind. With love and apologies,

Ash W

1/3/2019