stop pretending to be helpfulNo insep do in  and then they went for the throats they went in and got them out so cose ain h h e  then w  well if he ever knew of it then he wouldn’t have done it but he knew it so she he knew it and he did it so it’s his fault de n n  day classes we went to at 10 in the morning the cattle drover wont’t go see him today and i don’mt thinj i will be able to finish this homework when they won’t come out like this they won’t come out like this that’s why i keep getting in trouble and failing and trying and losing and giving up. i bet my friends are so tired of me i keep giving up im so tired of trying because all they do is make it harder for me. no one has helped me i have gone through my whole life with the mental health system failing me every chance they got my mother told them i was lying then everyone thought i was lying well when you have a dead child on your hands mom i bet you wont think i was lying. nothing helps no one wants to im in pain my head hurts my emotions hurt my feelings hurt. feelings are pain they translate to pain for me and i dont know why i dont mean mental pain these hurt differently they hurt physically its not the same. i bet my friends are so tired of me because i just keep giving up things always happen to me and i talk to them and i feel bad because professionals wont help me so what am i supposed to do i dont tell my friends too much detail i tell them im sad im depressed i want to die and i feel like a burden for never being good enough to hold myself up on my own. reach out everyone says and i do and i do and i do and i do but i get turned down. i fall through the cracks. and no one wants to believe how serious or urgent the situation is because “people” can get help so they cant believe one person cant. i hope all the college faculty that pushed me to this point get fired when they find me dead because they ignored me and they said i was having a temper tantrum and i cant stop screaming. everyone gave up on me and everyone has given up on me and i have no evidence to expect this will change. 
