No advice for this mom pleaseI’m not going to lie and tell you it gets better. 

I don’t believe in hell or heaven except here on earth, and I got a raw deal from the start, being sexually abused by 3 family members before the age of 7, physical/mental abuse and being taken away from my parents at 6. Raised catholic of course. My very large family refuses to believe me about the sexual abuse from my oldest sister, it recently came to a head. All 8 of us kids were raised by my grandparents, my grandfather molested me regularly, only me apparently. I was my moms favorite, she has schizophrenia but my siblings still hated me because she stated it constantly in front of everyone. I can’t stop fixating on these events. 

I was a decent kid on the honor roll with huge ambitions initially. I had no one to help when things got difficult financially in college so I eventually started dancing and then quit school. I did for 10 years. 

Naturally, I want(ed) to end it many times and tried. I’ve made 4serious attempts when I was younger, 18-25. Mostly hospitalizations for very serious overdoses, and even a high speed (120mph) car chase, hanging attempt and over 100 Tylenol in the same night for just one of those. I’ve been cheated on, betrayed or lied to by pretty much everyone. 

When I blink, I see a gun pointing at my head. I’m a mom in a custody war, still losing vs a psychopath (his mom is a lawyer, it’s very complicated and I’m not in a state that necessarily favors moms) that continues to abuse/assault me (supposed to have court tomorrow for an assault but he got a continuance). I was hoping to do it after I get justice and can get his guns from him legally (he has a huge collection including grenades), even though he has a pregnant Gf and we haven’t been together for 8 years.  He assaults me and my property, even after I do things like invite their whole family to dinner and just want to go to mediation. 

Life doesn’t get better. I don’t want to work a shitty job for the man. I’ve done that. All I see is people using one another, it’s all about money.. awful shit in the media, people cheating are the winners and the losers do the right thing most of the time. I was raised to be a loser. I don’t hate myself but just can’t do the things others do to win. I have had years of multiple kinds of therapy. I repeated the trauma from my childhood and was sexually assaulted at work, then eventually fired a couple months later. My experience with HR left me shattered and I cannot work for another corporation. I started my own business and I’m really great at it, but I’m getting older and less desirable plus I don’t want to do admin or social media, so I remain broke. 

All I want to do is be with my son, go hiking, cook and dance. I actually don’t hate myself. These activities only help pass the time, they only put off the loneliness, misery and despair I feel constantly. Work isn’t satisfying because it forces me to use things I hate such as social media. I don’t have any friends, and am not interested in making any. Ive been used enough or am not up for triviality or “positive vibes only.” I’ve pushed them all away, sometimes on purpose. I feel angry/vengeful most of the time. I live in Las Vegas, the asshole of the earth. 

People that wanna say my son needs me, just don’t understand that he doesn’t need a version of me like this. Im done fighting. 3 rounds in court, and I keep losing, a lot has to do with refusing to settle (courts like to see people remarried or have a full family, not just a mom). So now, after all the beat downs, I spend hours numb, unable to move or do much of anything. 

I don’t want any advice. I just want it to end. 

I actually do have a plan but I tell people I just have suicidal ideation. I’m friends with a coach/director of operations for a hotline, I think she’s tired of hearing me too, even though I’ve only reached out twice. 

I’ve already started to put the plan together. Was just hoping to wait until my ex got his in court for the latest assault, and to potentially help others (he has all the qualities of a true psycho/dark triad but functions in society) and now that it’s been put off, I’m don’t want to wait any longer. Put the next step in place. 

My dreams are all filled with ending it. Where ambition used to live. I’m not willing to do the work necessary to change my situation any longer. I just keep throwing tens of thousands (currently $32k, I need 5k more minimum for next round after latest assault) at a custody situation that doesn’t change. It probably still won’t change. 

I have seen where the deadliest part of the brain is to hit with a larger caliber bullet, Midbrain, side shot.  I have a 95% chance of making death a certainty, and my consciousness is likely to go fairly immediately. I looked at guns the other day at a store and am going to a shooting range this week to try multiple ones out, what feels comfortable in my hand with the trigger and blowback. Then I’ll go practice in the desert. Then it’ll be time. I’m going back to my hometown next week to say one last goodbye to my mom (in a nursing facility) and to my grandma (who raised me since 6; I plan to tell her what my sister did and why my other siblings don’t want to talk to me. She already knows what her husband did to me). 

I’ve smoked bufo. I have a good idea of what happens when you die. Yes, there is a light that one travels to. I see it in my dreams now. Including today. I keep hearing a voice tell me to trust and not be afraid of the light. I’m strangely looking forward to finally having some control over this. Getting everything out of me and ceasing to exist.