The hopeless feeling and my inability to change my situation is eating away at me.A new school year has just started and I am only a sophmore, but after the first day it felt like a whole new world. There was a lot of pressure and weight that was put onto my shoulders when I realized how tough everything was going to be. I started school in August and now that it is September I have gotten quite used to the new routine but it still feels like a drag waking up every morning and going to school. I remember after the first day of school and coming home, I felt as if I wouldn’t be able to keep up with the pace that life was going. Maybe it is because of how chill my teachers were last year that is making this school year tougher to go through, but there is a lot of expectations and pressure that I am desperately trying to keep up to.

This is all from the root of my mom. She constantly enforced me to make all A’s and nothing less; so much to the fact that if I ever saw at least a B on my report card, I felt too ashamed to show it to her. Luckily, she doesn’t know about the periodic handouts of the progress/report cards but I still feel obligated to achieve it. Maybe it’s because my friends also know that I should achieve it because I’ve done so in the past and I feel as if I don’t, they’ll look down on me and for something less than who I really am.

When it comes to the weekends, I like to let loose by playing my video games let it be that I don’t have any assignments to do. I say the weekends because my mom has banned me from playing video games during school days which is understandable because it IS a school day. Although it’s not as if it distracts me from my work and that I make bad grades, but I wish she was a bit more leniant on it. Some days I feel like the work is so much and I need something to set me free from my reality, but the fear of getting caught would overcome me. On the few days that I would get caught, she would yell and bang my table with an object (most often times it is a knife) to inflict fear into me and to make sure that it never happens again. It honestly scares me so much that I had to give up gaming for the most part; which pained me because of not only how excilerating it was, but because of how I connected with my dear friends I met over the internet. Weekends aren’t an exception anymore. Lately she would constantly hound me for playing video games even when it was the weekends which to me didn’t make any sense at all because I didn’t have the school the next day. She would threaten to turn off my computer when I was in the middle of my raids and said if I didn’t get off that instant, she would throw away my whole computer. Feeling like I don’t have an outlet where I can freely let loose without any restrictions, I feel as if I have no control over what I do. I am itching to let loose and I feel that if I don’t I’m going to go insane.

Frankly, I would ask my father to intervene and try to convince her to be more willing but their relationship hasn’t been that well over the past years. He moved out about 3-4 years ago but when he used to live with us he would hit my mom or try to force certain “acts” onto her whenever he was drunk. Considering that I am the only child, I had to step in and stop my dad and rescue my mom. Luckily, my dad has never laid a hand on me, but there were numerous occasions where I have felt scared for my own life.

One night when I was forced to get off my computer, I broke down completely and cried myself to sleep that night. That was the night that marked the first time I ever cut in my life and I have done a few more on my arms. Never in my life have I felt so hopeless and where I couldn’t do anything to change it. Considering that school was already exhausting as it is and that I leave around 4pm which is already late enough and to add to the fact that I can’t enjoy what I love to do, it’s eating away at me. Everyday I just wait for time to pass by so I can go home and do... nothing. It feels empty, like the bright hope and desire that was once in me has been blown away as if someone blew out the candle inside me. 

I’m trying to find ways to cope, but the only way I know is self harm and I’m trying to change but I don’t know how.  

