Only reason I haven't drank bleach is because Destiny 2 is coming out soonThe method I've chosen is drinking bleach because its super easy to find, I have a lot of it in my house. Unlike a gun or something, which would be too hard to find in my neighborhood.

Seriously, if Destiny 2 is cancelled or it sucks, I'm ending it as fast as possible. After Destiny 2 there might be other video games to look forward to, but pretty much if video games didn't exist I'd be chugging bleach.

My parents are the main problem, they're always on my ass about every single little thing, it's getting rediculous. I understand I have to go to school (I'm going to college soon), get a degree, get a job, become a functioning member of society but I'm just soooo fucking lazy. Like I'm incredibly lazy, its just my personality and there's nothing I can do about it. I understand, its something I can get past, I hear it all the time stop being so lazy, just do it, quit being a baby, I just couldn't give less of a fuck. I'm depressed as all hell, I sleep and play video games all fucking day and my parents hate it, so they lock me outside of my room, which only makes me want to do it more. This is one of those days, I'm locked out of my room, and my mom is giving me chores to do and I just want to blow my brains out. Like I completely understand I'm a whiney millennial, lazy sack of shit I 100% agree, but I don't care at all.

I also recognize my parents just want the best for me, like they're doing this shit because they love me and want to see me succeed. But I don't have the heart to even tell them I'm depressed or anything. I'm so afraid of confrontation to the point I just don't care. My doctor told my parents I had many signs of teenage depression, and she recommended me to a therapist, whom I talked to for like 3 sessions, but got nothing done because I couldn't open up to her at all. I just lied and said it worked and I'm fine now, but I don't want to tell my parents I'm depressed because I know 100% their response will be "You're just lazy and using this as an excuse to play video games all day"