I want to kill myself because living everyday is a hellish nightmare.my mom was abusive and mean growing up and now “she’s changed and wants to be a supportive mom” i love her but i don’t trust her. 
my dad worked out of town during my childhood and teen years so i never really got to know him and now i live with him and he always try’s to hug me and i don’t know why but it freaks me out
my ex boyfriend cheated on me for 11 months, beat me when i found out, said the most disgusting disturbing awful things you can think of to me, we broke up months ago and he still harasses me to this day. phone calls, texts, posting nude photos of me that he took, constantly trying to get me back and when that doesn’t work trying to get me to kill myself. 
i was sexual assaulted as a child and it is not something many people know and he is constantly threatening to “expose me” as he says. 
my best friend has got her self a new boyfriend and she’s completely ditched me for him and normally i wouldn’t be too upset but i just needed someone and i thought maybe out of everyone the girl i’ve know since i was 6 ( i’m now 20) might be there for me even just a bit. but i’m completely alone. 
my brother is an asshole who’s only concern is himself, he’s a very mean bitter person and i don’t know why. 
i’ve got no one and my hearts so broken and heavy i’m too exhausted to even try to open up to someone again. i either sleep for 2 hours or 14 there’s almost never an in between. i self harm because it’s easier to feel the pain there than in my heart and it’s pain i can control. i’m so scared because everyday i have strong urges to end it all, jump out of a moving car head first, or drive off a cliff near where i live or drive into the divider on the highway, cut myself, stab myself, hang myself. i think about doing these things all the time and i’m exhausted i just want the thought, feelings urges, i want the depression and anxiety towards new people to stop i just want it all to stop and i’m hopeless. the medication isn’t working. i still love my abusive ex i’m heartbroken by all that he done to me and how he could say he loves me and then do all that he done. and there was a lot. 
i’m tired and sad and numb now. i can’t talk to anyone about this because no one understands and i’m sick and tired of being treated like i’m broken and like everyone is always pitying me. i’m fed up too. i don’t see a way out and i don’t see the harassment stopping any time soon. 