Today is my 19th Birthday. Will I make it to 20?Ive been off my medication for 2 months now? 3 ? I’m not really sure. Since I finished school and my exams, I’ve felt better but I think the buzz of not being classed as a kid anymore has worn off and I’m not settling into the idea of living the rest of my life. This is something that has been on my mind for a year or two now. The problem now is that it’s real, I’m coming to terms with the fact that I’m not a kid anymore, and  I understand there is bigger problems in the world than this. I am thinking of myself here, my mental health and my situation. 

I’ve always thought with a positive mindset , 
“Think of your parents, your family, of everyone that will miss you when you’re gone” 
Would my parents know why I killed myself if I went through with it? I’m not sure, to be honest I can’t even pinpoint where it all started going wrong. 

Around Transition Year (4th year), I found things rough, I did have friends and I still have them friends thankfully but I always felt like the outsider, the person they wouldn’t notice if I wasn’t there, the person who would be forced to walk behind the group cause there wasn’t enough space, that sort of thing. Anyways Transition Year (TY for short) was my first experience into life outside of school and in a work place, I didn’t get paid but I worked same hours as my co-workers and gained “experience”, the only thing I gained from TY was I found out I hate a lot of things. 

I despise talking to people, making conversation, being fake happy, I would rather sit on my own in my room and watch Netflix all day than spend time conversing with people about topics I have no interest in. 

I’ve just realized I am just using this as a way to vent about my feelings and avoid my family that are downstairs. I’ve also got sidetracked so I’ll get back to the point. 

I am, as of today, nineteen years old and I simply do not want to make it to twenty, I know I’m gonna die this year, I’ve seen it in my dreams and I find myself subconsciously saying it everyday. I don’t know when, where or how yet, I don’t know if I wanna find out. Does anyone know why I am thinking I will die this year, is it some form of indication or is it just nonsense ?
Either way it has made me think and if I was to die this year, would it be all that bad ? I don’t know. 

I don’t think I got my message across properly, I don’t know what message I was trying to say but no one will ever know what’s going on inside my head and I’ll never know what’s going on inside someone else’s. Maybe I’m just at a low point in life or maybe I’m right to think this way. I don’t know if this is the right sub reddit to be posting this on, Ive never done this before.