Advice? Inpatient care?Hey everyone, 

First of all if you’re going through a hard time my heart reaches out to you, and chances are if you’re on this thread then it’s a pretty likely possibility. 

I’ve had some major mental health issues this past year. I’m diagnosed ADHD and depression/anxiety but I think I may have the “quiet” or “quieter” strand of BPD, but wait times for psychiatry are so long I’m in a period of unknowing limbo right now. I’ve been seeing a therapist for about half a year which has been helpful but I’m still really suicidal, self-loathing, and unable to keep up with school. 

I self-medicate with weed all the time to cope with how intense and chaotic my thoughts and feelings are, I self-harm pretty frequently, and suicide is constantly on my mind and acts as a comfort to me. I’m super behind in school and I’m convinced all my profs hate me since I’m the difficult and stupid kid who keeps needing extensions. I start a new job tomorrow and the thought of interacting with so many people makes me want to shut down and die. I feel like such a failure all the time and I can’t sit down and do the work I need to do no matter how hard I try. I feel like such a loser. 

I’m debating inpatient care since I don’t think I can keep doing this anymore, but I have so many commitments, like school and work, that I don’t want to completely gas and get more behind than I already am. I wake up and feel like I’m on an emotional roller coaster. I also have no self worth and feel pretty detached from everything. I feel like a piece of shit human and a waste of space. Sorry if this is heavy for those reading, but I don’t have anyone else to talk to. 

I won’t see a psychiatrist for 5 months with wait times and I just want someone to help me or hold me or tell me it’s going to be okay. Will inpatient care help? Do I seem like I’m at that point where I even deserve that level of care? I feel so lost and alone. Anyways, if you took the time to read this terribly unorganized and self-pitying post, thanks so much. Any advice or comments are appreciated.