I just feel so jaded with life and people lately...I had bad depression when I was younger, I'm 27 now and have been feeling really good the last 3 years.

I'm having problems lately at my job and home: I work as a cashier and am well known to always have a smile on my face and being bubbly, but lately everything gets on my nerves. I just can't seem to look at the positives anymore like I used to, everything seems useless and I feel like I'm taking things for granted and I try so hard. My dream has always been to finish my novel but it's been in the works for the last 3 years, writing a script, drawing out characters, I've finished two pages almost (graphic novel) but I still always go back to change things. nobody is impressed with my drawings and I don't really get support, my bf of 5 years is great but he's honest and isn't into art as I am so he's not really interested in my hobbies, but he's in other stuff and I try to learn but I'm too slow and lack of interest makes it harder.

I just feel like the human race should just die out, I'm so sick of people and human beings, I exercise by taking hour long walks and push ups, sit ups and Squats 3-4 days a week but my energy is still low and my hate and wish to die never goes away. I love my bf and he makes me laugh and happy most days but I always wish he would be more romantic or sensitive but I can't force him to be like that and I don't want to change him.

I fantasise being with fictional romantic relationships in wonderful worlds when I take my walks or am on my own or even when I'm around his friends.

I have a bachelor degree in digital media but it just introduced me to Adobe software and people picked it up faster than me working at places as illustrators and I can't get anything but into graphic design places, which I don't have experience in either. I did internships as a graphic design intern but they told me I wasn't knowledgeable enough, since my course only introduced us to photoshop and illustrator each for one semester and I never used it until my uni course.

I just want to die it feels like something better would await me. I just wish it would happen soon, even if I had cancer I wouldn't do anything about it because I think at least ppl can accept it as a natural cause of death rather than commit suicide,  but waiting is agonising and I think that's probably why I'm so irritated and angry lately.

I just lost faith in people,  even when I hear good things happen I just feel that should be the norm! Is it really so rare we need to celebrate it?

Im just so bored with life, people are so predictably selfish or deluded in some ways, it makes me angry that they assume I have nothing better to do than my cashier job.

Im so sick of feeling like an ant and part of a growing population of people where I'm nothing special to anyone, just the bubbly weird girl that people make fun off or never take seriously