I (17F) am so frustrated by my inability to articulate what I'm going through.I was severely traumatized as a young child – born to drug addicts, physically and psychologically abused by parents, sexually abused by around a dozen men, involved in child pornography, etc.

I feel like the magnitude of the abuse and neglect that I suffered isn't something that I'll ever be able to fully grasp. It's like the whole thing is fragmented and I can never hold more than three or four of the thousands of pieces at a time – as soon as I start putting something together, I'm overwhelmed by the rest of it that lies shattered around me. I've never been able to record/document or share a coherent narrative of it all. It's just too much for my brain to deal with at any one time.

I hate my brain. I hate that it is so badly damaged. I'm paralyzed by fear and anxiety and flashbacks at every moment, and it's so exhausting. I barely function. But yet, at the same time, I can't talk about it. If someone asks, I assure them that everything is fine, because I've been there and done that; I can't process enough to explain it to someone else, and then I get angry at myself for feeling so illiterate and stupid. It ends in me feeling worse than I did when I started. I feel trapped. Like I've been cornered by my body and mind. I want to stop carrying the burden alone, but I don't feel like I can.

I don't want to die. I do have people and things that I care for immensely. I just don't feel like I have any other option. I feel like killing myself is the only way to find some sort of relief from what I'm experiencing. I typically feel so dramatic talking about this, but it truly is agony.

I'm not sure why I'm writing or posting this. I guess that it's *because* I don't really want to die. As much as I know that no one can fix this, there's the part of me that is still 17 and has never had loving, stable adults in my life and wants someone to be able to just swoop in to comfort me and fix it. I don't know.

Thanks for listening to me ramble.