I just need to talk to someoneI have been struggling with chronic depression and generalized anxiety disorder since I was a teenager. I am a veterinarian in a busy mixed animal (both dogs/cats, horses/cattle, etc) just outside a large city. All my coworkers and my clients say then can tell how much I love my job and how passionate I am. Everyone says they’re jealous of how happy I am all the time. Looking in, it appears I have a perfect life.

It’s all a lie. I’m good at the facade. They probably wouldn’t believe me if I said I was suicidal. My career has a pretty high suicide rate.

I hate my job. Every aspect of it. I snooze every morning until I’m almost late and then at work I count down the hours until I can go home. I’m so exhausted from faking happy at work that I just immediately go to sleep when I get home. My job requires between 40-65 hours of work a week. I forget to eat a lot. I’m losing a lot of weight. I want to start another career but even staying in-state for college I accumulated $220k of student loans and I’ll be paying that off for the next 20 years. I feel trapped.

My anxiety is constant. It makes me nauseous. Everything hurts. I can’t focus on anything. My prescriptions for my other chronic conditions just got re-shelved at the pharmacy because I can’t even get myself to go pick them up. Those diseases are another story themselves. I’ve seen a counselor before back in vet school but I had a hard time talking with her so I stopped showing up. If I can’t even talk with my closest friends about my problems, how can I talk with a total stranger? I suppose that’s another symptom of my anxiety. But you guys, it’s getting so bad. A coworker committed suicide last year and I wish it were me. At my last general doctor’s appointment, my entire goal was to discuss my mental health under the guise of a general checkup. I broke out in tears when I asked if he had any recommendations for counselors and couldn’t bring myself to express how severe my illness has become. He told me to call the number on the back of my insurance card and speak with someone about a counselor or mental health provider in the network.

I‘m afraid to call. I’ll just end up crying like a child when I try to say anything. Even typing this up under an anonymous account has me in tears. But I feel like I might crack if I don’t do something soon. Because I have trouble articulating my feelings, I’ve composed an essay of my feelings, concerns, and my goals, however it is extremely personal and I can’t just send it to a stranger. I am aware that I have a disease and I need treatment. But I just can’t bring myself to make the call. I guess what I’m looking for here is someone to talk me through it, idk.