I don't want to be here anymore and something needs to changeI've been in bad places before and I've always made sure to be aware of the fact that life moves in waves. After every down it will at some point go up again, when you hit rock bottom, there is no way to go other than moving upwards again. 

I've been getting worse again lately, I'm angry and suicidal, I'm impulsive, every day starts with wanting to die and ends with wanting to run away. I fucked up a relationship, my drinking habit got so bad I've gotten myself arrested. I've been having panic attacks since, I don't know what happened and woke up in a cell half naked. 

I'm so angry, I don't even know why, I'm aggressive and starting fights and I'm sorry for it but I don't know what else to do if I'm not angry. Usually i'm calm but sometimes it all just comes out and I scream and punch walls and myself and I genuinely don't know where to let go of all that anger in my head. I've been fighting with my family a lot.

I had a fight with my best friend today, I don't even know why, she was being unreasonable and I was so pissed she's only talking to me when she needs to talk about something that's bothering her. I feel very alone, I spend hours with her every day last year when she was in a tough spot and now she doesn't even text me. We talked about that before and she told me "she's just not the type to ask how someone's been doing". I guess that's okay, and I'm really not sure why I've even considered expecting her to be there for me this time.

I think I realized that I don't really have friends after I stopped seeing my therapist. I'm just listening but nobody really let's me talk. I feel very alone.

I thought I had met someone special for me last winter but that didn't work out either. He told me I did nothing wrong, I made no mistakes. So just being myself is not alright, even if I do nothing wrong nobody cares to stick around.

I don't want to be here anymore, I never asked to be here. I'm attending university but what for? I'm never going to achieve what I would like to achieve, I'm overwhelmed, I want to quit, I don't like the people there because they've all seen me in my bad drunk situations. I'm ashamed because they know I fell in love, because I told them way too much about me while drunk, I don't want to see them again. 

I've been thinking about leaving. Changing my first name, getting all of my money and just moving to another european city, just to work and be alive, I don't want to talk to anyone anymore.

I have so much to say but yet my head is empty now. I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to be here. I just want to go away. 

I've been taking those new fancy anti depressants for months now but they don't do shit, I didn't drink in 3 weeks and still I'm getting worse and worse and worse. Every day is a struggle, every time I open my eyes I'm sad and I think about killing myself. I don't want to be here anymore and I think, this time I need to do something. I can't just do therapy and meds again until I'm back to being able to function normally. Something needs to change, I have to get away from SOMETHING. 

I don't want to be here anymore. I don't know what else to say.