I'm 16 and I've already thrown away my life.Warning Extremely Long Story:

When I was in elementary school, I was the biggest retard ever. I wanted to emulate the class clown, but I was also the biggest kid in the class. I ended up at the principal's office on almost a schedule for doing what I thought other people found funny. I just wanted to have friends. In 4th grade, my parents told me about sex, worst mistake of my life. I went around telling people and this one girl mistook me and thought I said that I wanted to have sex with her. Sure I was young and I had a "crush" on the girl but still. That haunted me throughout elementary school. I was going to go to the public middle school that my school fed into, but instead my mom bribed me with a 3ds to go to a charter middle school. I know she had good intentions, but when a kid that knows your entire past goes to a small school with you and you are already pretty well known for being weird, you're going to get your life made into hell. I then went to the public high school my middle school fed into. I have had a fresh start, yet I think that everyone knows my past. I also haven't done the best to make good impressions on people. I get defensive very easily. Freshman year sucked, I had kids constantly "necking" me and everyone getting offended by everything I said. I had this girl next to me the entire year in physics, she actually gave me a reason to live. Until I met her boyfriend who would probably crush me in an instant. Near the beginning of my sophomore year I was diagnosed with ADHD, go figure. I don't want to get diagnosed with anything. For some reason, I have a stigma against mental illness and the whole LGBTQI crap. I was tested for autism when I was younger, but nothing came back. About a month or two ago, this girl I had known online for multipule years (but never met in person), was having issues, and I came in and helped her to the best of my ability. A few days later we both expressed feelings for each other. I got her to leave her boyfriend a few days later and we had a long distance relationship for about 4 days. I cared so much about her, she was my life, she gave me reason. She messaged me saying that we had to talk and that it wasn't working. I then stopped talking to her, but I asked her one last question, and then she said that she never loved me and that she was only using me. I've been a mess ever since and I've considered killing myself multiple times.