I have GOT to stop this damn rollercoaster, one way or another. Show me how you hold onto reality in times of unbelievable events.I feel as though there is, at this point, no way for me to come to a conclusion about the validity of some of my thoughts and perceptions. Sometimes, I have a hard time hearing people and I'll just hear gibberish with certain words mixed in that give it various malicious intents. This normally only happens when I have been awake for more than 24 hours. Also, while in this state, I watch myself come off as ignorant or excessively socially awkward while my inner thoughts are quite perceptive of the body language and general mood of the situation. Usually, other people are completely confused, unhelpful, or downright mean and mocking. It feels as if some people never left elementary school.

I have been very confident in the past so I know what it is like to be accepted and to perform in a way that elicits a positive reaction from friends and strangers. This makes the fluctuation between ability to focus/listen for understanding and distraction/anxiety even more frustrating and unpredictable.

Some backstory: Never was socially adept until high school and still had limited success but that was mostly due to my lack of interest in the most popular of culture. I had a small group of friends who also took a long time to warm up to me. I have trusted people less and less as I get older and more experienced with the fact that everyone has lied, can lie, do lie, to cover up something they consider extremely embarrassing or to preserve something they fear losing. The former reason to lie is slightly less annoying than the latter and I automatically assume the person is capable of both great good AND malevolence, a balance everyone sits somewhere on. It is the latter desire to hoard 'precious' objects or people through EXTENSIVE deceit and [Gaslighting]() that has planted the seed of, first, my belief that the exact opposite of what is readily obvious could actually be the REAL truth and, second, the expansion of this to the realization that the webs of proof and science (and CLEARLY religion) are not as perfectly indisputable as most people trust they are. Once this truth is realized it opens the flood gates for endless permutations of possibility, especially using the current theories being worked on trying to define the relationship between thought and matter. I'm sorry if reading this puts you into a similar state but I'm starting to get more and more scared and I really need to know your HONEST opinions about the explanation of so many coincidences that it defies the definition of 'coincidence'. For example, I was driving a car with a girl in the passenger seat and we pull up to a light where a bum holds a sign that reads "I need a Job and clothes". I (clearly incredibly insensitively) joke to the girl by saying, "Hey, yea buddy I need those too..." Immediately after saying this a car pulls up beside us with a sticker that says exactly: "You don't need it". We have a hearty and yet vaguely tense laugh about the 'synchronicity'.

These things are happening more and more often and I could list at least 5 more that are unbelievable enough to honestly build a case for an intelligent force affecting reality in some way. I was not raised religious in any way and, in fact, was a staunch skeptic for most of my life as it pertains to mysticism.

I am very serious, I NEED to know exactly what you believe and **WHY**. The why, preferably, would consist of personal experiences with no alternate explanation OR that initially seemed to have no reason but was later shown to be natural. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE help me, and undoubtedly more redditors, to find some way to stop constantly taking this factor into account as it pertains to such mundane daily events such as a sign held by a bum causing a damn existential crisis.

Much love for you all, I look forward to your excellent powers of deduction. Yes, I am in a humorous mood, this is not always the case and my emotions can become so acutely anxious that I really don't want to ever feel that specific pain again.