Struggling With SuicideHey, don't know if this is the right place to post this, but I guess time will tell.

I've been struggling against the idea of taking my life for a while now. And to tell you the truth I don't know why. 

I never had to deal with child abuse, my parents have always supported me, I've found great academic success, the only thing which really isn't going for me right now is the pursuit of a special lisence I need to do the job I want. 

I've traveled all over the world (20+ countries), I'm younger than 21, and I have a bunch of friends, but I have never been happy or felt joy. Sure I've laughed at a joke or felt a rush of adrenaline, but the smile I wore was always fake the memories also taking a backseat to my faliures. 

I contribute most of my success to the luck I had of being born into a supportive family, but that also makes it pretty easy to determine that when I fail it's 100% my fault. I'm the faliure who managed to muck something up when kids who managed to grow up without parents, while working 2 jobs, and surviving their foster parent drunkenly beating them everynight did, a person who had every excuse to fail didn't yet I did while having no one to blame, but myself. 

In my mind there are two main reasons why I want to die. 

1. Living and failing brings shame to my family and seeing them dissapointed is more painful than anything. 

2. Life is meaningless and full of suffering. 

On a positive note literally one thing has saved me from taking the last step: imagining how my parents, especially my mom would react.

Why I'm talking to reddit: 

Can't have on record therapy and expect to get a job in the field I want (also you can't say I want to die in therapy without having to deal with significant shit, learned that in 11th grade)

I'm afraid sharing how I actually feel will hurt how my friends see me/interact with me and make everything worse.

I'm worried what will happen if I decide the reason I've found to keep living is good enough. 