I don't want to be on this earth anymore.I have lost almost everything except my husband (Surprising),First off I was Physically and mentally abused by my mother every since I can remember, Anyway,   I was previously married for 8 year's and have 3 kid's out of that marriage, Life was good for a while (I was used to being abused , So my ex husband beating me up so nothing to me , It seemed) but up until I let my step brother move in, Turn's out he was "touching" my oldest daughter and abusing my other kid's , My I saw, My oldest was 5. Other's were, 3 years old and 2 year's old. Police got involved etc. My ex husband lost his job, And 6 month's later we got evicted with no where to go , I couldn't have my kid's living in the car so I was forced to let family take them while we figured thing's out. Nothing ever worked out , We lived in the car for 6 month's Fighting etc. I reconnected with my now husband on Facebook we got to talk etc. I then left my ex husband for my now husband, 6 month's later I was pregnant And we had our Son. Not long after he was born, Me and my husband had post partum depression on top of drinking ( May I remind you that, We live with his parent's, And is mother is insane , And it's hard to be sober when she is around in which she is always around and never leave's us alone And is alway's harassing us. I'm going to cut this short and just say my son got taken away and put with family friend's until we can get our own place because this house has crazy people in it and they don't like that,  and my other kid's are gone. And after my son got taken away My Father died, The only Sane parent I had, Gone, I lost my mind for a while, I even cheated on my husband. Now 5 month's later ( haven't cheated on him since) I can't do anything, I can't go anywhere without him thinking i'm cheating on him, He told his mom to watch me, And she brought that to a whole new level on crazy, He thinks the upmost stupid thing's his brain thinks about ( I don't blame him) but I'm trying to show him that he can trust me but it's so hard. His mother bully's me when he is at work , I don't say anything , I only appease her and I hate myself for it, But it's because of my mother I am that way. I hate my self, I feel like everything is my fault and It feel's like everything cannot be fixed. I just don't want to be here anymore, But I don't want my husband to be alone. I just want to be done with this so called life once and for all.  