Typical, angsty 17/M. Help me please. Hope I'm not wasting anyone's time that could be spent on someone with a worse situation, but I just wanted to get this out. I have a history of mental problems going back to practically the third grade, just for some background.

I feel like every day my mental health goes farther down the gutter and I'm verging on a total breakdown.

First, I hate having to exist. It's unlikely I'll actually commit, first of all, but I think about suicide maybe 5-6 times every day. Not the act of killing myself, or some mental soap opera episode of my whole family weeping all over me and fantasizing that they care, but literally the idea of nothing. Just going to sleep and never waking up. Phasing out of existence, kind of. Sleeping forever. Never being born in the first place. All the same thing. I'm practically infatuated with the idea.

Similarly, I also wish that I could abandon my life track. Like, go live in Tibet as a monk away from society, go live in the rocky mountains or Siberian woods hunting as one of those mountain people, etc. I'm on the path to go to college, get a job, and probably live out the rest of my life overworked and underpaid and suicidal just like I am now. I try my ass off and do well in school, but sometimes I wonder why I work so hard in the first place. Feels like it's all for nothing.

I'm also really, really badly social traumatized. Last year, an often dramatic girl at my school falsely accused me of "raping" her. When I went to the school office about it, and they brought her in, she denied ever saying anything, and said I didn't rape her. Turns out that this was all orchestrated by another girl I thought was my "friend" who would help me with going to the school so that she could have leverage to manipulate me into doing things for her. I won't go into that. Needless to say I cut these people off. Anyways, because of this incident, I'm terrified of being direct with girls about how I feel. Before this incident, I had maybe 4-5 girlfriends, and more meaningless sex in-between that. Now, I flirt like hell, and it's often reciprocated, but for the life of me I can't work up the ability to actually be honest with anyone because I'm subconsciously terrified something like this would happen again. I ignore people out of paranoia in the hallways, I'm nice but really abrasive, and I find my voice faltering(really unusual for me) when I say hi afterwards.

I know all teenagers go through stupid shit, and maybe it's just my hormones, but I've had on and off suicidal thoughts since I was 9 so I feel like there's something much worse under the surface.

Anyways, please help me. Tell me what I need to do. I can't imagine doing it today, but I'm scared that one of these days I might snap and really end it all for good.