I will always tell others they are worth it.You don't want someone to experience the emotions that you felt when your brother tried to commit suicide. You never want someone to have and hold your mother as she broke down in tears and hug her in the fetal position and tell her that everything was going to be okay even those I was 12 and I had no idea if everything was going to be okay. 
 
I never want anyone's friends or family to experience seeing them lie there in an ICU and having the doctors say they weren't sure if you are going to come out of the coma. To have talked to someone who is lying there lifelessly in order that hopefully, the sound of your voice will bring them back awake. So no one else's little sibling will have to see their older sibling lie there all hooked up and not understand why. 

I never want someone to have to go to a friend's funeral and see the number of people you truly have an impact on without realizing. To have to get up and speak in front of all these strangers who you don't know but they knew your friend and hear your memories of them because that's all you are left with just memories and questions unanswered. 

So when someone I know or don't know tells me they are struggling I tell them they are worth it. They are unique and special and I list off all the things that come to my mind to just get them to believe they are worth it. To live on and be the amazing person they already were. I am there for them for when they are sad and think they can no longer do it. I pull them out of that plane that is nose-diving and help them get back up. I plead and beg for them to get help because too many people around me have gone on and I know most of them probably didn't want to die they just wanted the emotions and pain to stop and the clouds around their mind just choked the last breath of hope and they saw nowhere else to turn.  


So yeah I always tell people they are worth it and I truly believe it every single time I say it. Except I never would do the same for my self. I always tell people to go and seek help but I never would do the same my self. I understand all these people's emotions because I struggle with the thought of suicide quite often. I tell people they are worth it even though I don't believe the same for my self. 