Looking at getting myself a failsafe.Idk if this is the right place to post but honestly I don’t actually give a damn. I need to get this out somewhere else idfk what I’ll do. I guess talking to someone other than the voices in my head is something I feel like I need to do? Either way whatever, here we go. 

So a quick bit about me; I’m 24, living in the UK and have been into drugs for a few years. I’ve suffer from manic depression and have been seeing therapists and been on various medications since I was 14. At the moment I’m on 400mg Quetiapine per day to help level my mood out and dampen my psychotic symptoms.

The last week has been hell. Too many things have happened, involving people I’m in love with which I don’t really want to go into. I just had my first shift at work, after being out of work for a year because of my mental health. 

Life just never seems to get better. I’m sick and tired of being well for a few weeks/months just for everything to turn on a dime and make me realise how shit life actually is. I can barely cope with the thought of work, let alone actually going. It’s hell, I can’t understand why life is like this. It’s just utter crap, all the time. I’ve worked up £25000 worth of debt in the last year and have companies and debt collection agencies on my back almost every day. 

As I said, I’m in the UK, so getting a gun and just blowing my brains out isn’t the easiest thing for me to do, especially how I literally have negative money, and even if I didn’t there’s no way I’d get a license with my mental health history. 

I properly gave thought to getting some Potassium Cyanide; 300mg should be enough to end me. Just as a fail safe - not to immediately take and go, but just to keep on me. The thought that I have a fail safe on me at all times just in case things get too hard has honestly been the most comforting thought I’ve had in what feels like months. I’ve not been too successful in terms of finding a vendor (and I don’t suppose anyone is likely to help me with that either), but I’ve been getting drugs on the dark web for a while now, I guess it’s only a matter of time before I find something.

Honesty I don’t know what I want, typing all this out. Maybe I’m looking for a reason to not, maybe I’ve already given up and this is my poorly written out, Reddit post of a legacy. Maybe I’m asking for help, maybe I’m looking for someone to point me in the direction of a trusted vendor. At this point it doesn’t matter, I guess. I’ve said what I need to, thanks for reading, if you did.