Anyone ever feel like they wanted to fade away like in the Avengers Infinity War ending?This was originally posted on r/depression but due to a rule that I certainly did not read beforehand, I found out this was the place to post on:

I might not be the first to ask this type of question (with the title unintentionally sounding a little too comedic to some), but lately i have been going through some dire straits. I recently lost $1k that was meant for college, no thanks to my own ineptitude when it comes to finance (not a story I want to repeat; got into an argument with another reddit user (who admittedly had a valid and sound argument at the time but was getting progressively nasty) that I've now blocked from interacting with)); I have a straining relationship with my family (dad, mom, and step-dad) due to bottled up emotions that I grew up with no thanks to both my biological parents' history of tempers and mental problems; I work in a family business that I ABSOLUTELY hate but have no choice because my fears tell me that I'll end worse with other jobs (again, family problems); I'm nearly broke because of my spending habits that are the result of trying to find some sense of nostalgia and joy (such as coffee frappes, video games, comic books, etc.); I cut myself down to only one meal of day, by my choice, because I hate the feeling of being full after a meal; I live in a town that I hate because I can't connect with any of my friends nor visit my favourite places during my downtime; I have been zoning out and losing memory every day no thanks to having what the big brains in some circles would call it Maladaptive Daydreaming (combined with diagnosed ADD and some form of autism); and finally losing sleep because my mind is plagued with ALL of the above (that, and browsing the internet way past my bedtime, and doing stupid things like typing up this reddit post). All of this being within the span of three weeks now.

Which brings me back to the question: does anyone ever feel like they just wanna dissolve into dust and be gone with the wind? Just be one of those people that got snapped away by Thanos? Because the closest feeling I have is either through sleep or taking pot, both of which only have temporary effects right up until you force yourself to wake up, with nothing but a hazy feeling that follows you wherever you go.

I was tempted to jump off from my apartment at one point (5th level from a ten-story building). At first, it started off as a joke with my friends back when I moved out of my birth city, but the thought of it keeps crawling back on occasion. I thought maybe I could escape from my problems forever; figured my mind would be peace and feel that sense of dissipating off the Earth. But then I decided not to for fear of the chance of surviving it and forced to live in a wheelchair paralyzed from the waist or neck downwards, for the rest of my life; or end up in a coma, only to wake up at some point in and start all over again, to see myself missing all the times I could've used to improve my own life.

And yet, my mind wants to completely shut down; a full-on off mode, never to be turned on again. No sleep mode, just off mode. I'm so sick of waking up, looking at myself in the mirror, and going to work to see my folks looking at me with disappointment and frustration; knowing that I have done nothing to improve myself. At times, I wanted to say what is in my mind. All of the pain, the regrets, the anger, and just about every other poison that I have held within myself since birth. But I can't express any of those words through my voice. It would end sounding too cryptic to them and make me look like a self-serving brat. Not any one of those words except what's on paper. Not even my closest friends can get that message as well.

I've grown up feeling like I'm meant to be causing problems for both myself and everyone around me just by being awake. And I just, for once, just not wake up at all. Just drift myself to nothingness like crashing waves of water, hitting passively against solid surfaces that do no one harm. No amount of prescriptive drugs or alcohol can reach up to that level I'm currently feeling right now.

I know this post may seem to have gotten overbloated for many of you and maybe a bit personal to speak about myself; perhaps I should've changed the title to "All of My Problems and Why I Feel Like Disappearing From the Earth Without Killing Myself", but I've no way to express this to anyone (friend, family, or stranger) the way I wrote this whole post. In some ways, I suppose this is both a question AND a confession.