Feeling suicidal as 30M that is a shy loner outcast virginI'm in my 30s and alot of people my age are married with children, busy with work, already have their clique of friends, so it's very hard to make new friends at my age.

I went through a lot of verbal and emotional bullying in school and it continued in college and office jobs in adulthood. It seems like most other geeks/nerds at least had other geeks/nerds as friends when growing up. But I didn't even have them as friends. People have said in condescending ways that I don't talk, I look lonely, I just "study all the time", I've never had a girlfriend, I'm short, etc. I've had to deal with so much bitterness and PTSD flashbacks for pretty much my whole life since middle school. 

Not just about the past bullying but how it has affected my life right now. That is, I now have social anxiety, and people have absolutely *no* empathy for shy people and victim-blame them for being weak. I can't just "get over it" because even when I consistently try to make friends, be confident and outgoing by attending meetups, many of the people there are cliquish and unwelcoming towards shy, low-status males. So many times people ignore what I say, talk over me and interrupt me, treat me like a 3rd wheel, talk to others instead of me, if left alone with me then make up an excuse to leave me, etc. For the ones who are friendly and actually listen, alot of them don't show up to following meetups

What's so frustrating is that I feel I'm way more proactive than most people yet I have nothing to show for it. Not just in regards to how I always have to go to meetups and go alone whereas most people already have friends and don't need to go to meetups. But also in how I have to strike up conversations with people whereas people who already have friends and cliques can get away with making no effort in socializing with new people with lesser status than them. 

For example, one common advice is "ask people questions" and "people love talking about themselves". I've asked many people many questions about themselves and shown interest in them, only for them to either show disinterest and give blunt replies, or talk at length about themselves, while not asking me *any* questions and showing *no* interest in me

Another example of my proactiveness is that I've spent nearly a year on weightlifting and BJJ, yet I don't really feel any more confident, less shy, and or have less PTSD flashbacks than before. I also tried meditation many times and hardly noticed any improvement. I've also attended plenty of Toastmasters meetings and given numerous speeches yet noticed no improvement in my life

I have traveled to nearly 10 countries and spent a few months living in some of them. Most were friendly and some were rude towards me, possibly judging me as a "loser back home" who came there to escape my problems back home. 

Another common piece of advice from society for introverts is to play sports as you can have fun without talking as much. But I often am not taken seriously, get picked dead-last, many times have to deal with rude immature pricks trying to shove me and such, rude teammates being cliquish and showing obvious favoritism towards their friends or guys taller than me, etc. I'm in ok shape as I'm around 5'6 and 145 lbs

Another common piece of advice from society regarding getting dates is "it's a numbers game", "you got nothing to lose by asking her out". I've *literally* cold-approached over 2000 women at nightclubs/shopping malls/coffee shops/etc and didn't get *even one* girlfriend/lay from it. I got around 10 girls willing to go on dates with me (none of them wanted a 2nd date), and maybe one would've been interested in a hookup at a nightclub, but another guy took her from me and I didn't see her again. 

What angers me is that so many guys can easily get girlfriends despite having never cold-approached a woman as they always get introduced to them because they have status/social circle, or they use dating apps with photos demonstrating their status/social circle. I had no choice but to cold-approach because I've been a reject/outcast/loner my whole life

I've also seen numerous therapists and none of them really helped. Sure, they listened and showed some empathy but didn't really offer any solutions. 

Since I'm socially screwed, I can at least do well with my career and financially, right? Not so much. I have a high net worth and income for my age, but it's chump change compared to other software engineers my age. As angry as I am about being very underpaid, I'm finding it nearly impossible to get a new higher-paying job because of all the competition, I often feel so unmotivated and depressed that I lack the energy to study for coding interviews, etc. Some of them make 3-5x what I make as they had friends refer them for jobs, they didn't have employment gaps like I did from workplace bullying, they can concentrate when preparing for interviews as they don't have depression/PTSD like me, etc. 

Why are people so cruel/judgemental/condescending towards low-status males who can't join cliques? Is it because they have no empathy for they have to go through because they themselves never had to experience being excluded, ignored, bullied, etc? Or is because of "hurt people hurt people"? They're hurt themselves so instead of helping social rejects, they want to project their hurt onto them? If so then why have I been shitted on so much even though I did NOTHING wrong?!

What the hell else am I supposed to do? Why shouldn't I kill myself?