the day has come where theres no returnI never knew what to be when I grew up, everyone had their dreams to become lawyers, police officers, doctors etc, not me, all I ever wanted was to have something of my own, work for my self and be able to live my life on my terms. God gave me that oppertunity but I threw it away because of greed.

It all started six years ago, just about a year after I had finnished high school. I had a hard time finding a job which was normal for a  newly graduated high school kid without connections, my family also had a summer house that we always went to during the summer so I never really had the oppertunity to get any job experience prior to this that would certainly have helped my resume. All my close friends started their lifes, most of them got decent jobs through their parents etc. It got me really isolated just sitting at home doing pretty much nothing and it got me really stressed out knowing I was the only one of my friends not doing any progress in life.

After a while I started to get depressed and the pressure from both family and friends to find something to do just kept building up as I had no clue whatsoever about what I wanted to do with my life. Things got pretty bad but then one night everything changed. 

Growing up, I used to spend all my free-time playing "competetive" video games, world of warcraft arenas, counter-strike and league of legends to name a few. I was good too. One day as I was browsing the internet, I stumbled upon something interesting. I had just started doing some sports betting, mostly for fun to make matches more interesting. Besides playing video games, two other big hobbys of mine are soccer and basketball, hence why I got into sports betting. Anyways, one day when I was browsing the site where I used to place my bets, I noticed that they had introduced Esports and I saw a lot of counter-strike matches popping up in the live section which of course got me interested... 

I started observing the odds and how they moved from round to round, it was safe to say that the bookie who was in charge had no clue what he was doing. After one weekened, I turned $10 into $30 000 and then I got limited (banned from the site for wining). This was surreal to me, I had never had more than $300 in my bank account before. All the anxiety I had felt disapeard in an instant and when I on christmas eve told my family about it, god damn, it was the best feeling I ever had.

Now the question was, what do I do with the money? Do I just save it and maybe use it as a downpayment for an apartment or do I pursue my "dream" of having a life where I'm my own boss. I started reading about the stock market, like I did some serious research, pretty much 14 hrs a day for 2 months just reading about stocks etc. Once I finally decided to enter the market I started off well. Profited about $5 000 on my first buy/sell. But I then learned something, it doesn't matter how much you read, in the end its experiences that matters. In the upcoming 6 months I lost 90% of the $35 000 and I started to experience a depression like no other but as I didn't wanna tell my family about it, I still had to live every day like I was fine and oh man was it draining. Whenever my parents were working I just lay in bed all day and couldn't move. When they were home I got up and pretented to be normal. I wasn't suicidal at the time, just kind of paralyzed by the lack of motivation. 

After a couple months I noticed that another big counter-strike tournament was about to start, at this time Esport was still very small and it was maybe a big tournament with broadcasted matches every 4-6 months, today it's pretty much different leagues going on every day and big tournaments every other week. Anyways, I decided to make a new gambling account in my moms name so I could try my luck again. This time I started with $200 and made close to $50 000 in a weeks time. I got limited every day but kept making new accounts in my dads and siblings names so I managed to last the entire tournament. And again, just like last time, all the anxiety disapeard and this is where I started to kind of believe that god actually exists and that he may had heard my prayers as I got another chance to pursure my dream.

During the 6 months where I lost all the money that I had previously won, I learned a lot and found a strategy that was pretty much bullet proof. I once again entered the stock market and found immediate success. I made about $30k my first year as a fulltime "trader" and as I still lived at home without any expenses this was all money that kept going into my bankroll. 

After a couple years I had a net worth of about $350 000 and that's where greed took over. It was about a year ago now, all my friends had moved out from their parents home and seriously started their lifes, I might have been the richest one moneywise but I had nothing else and I still lived at home with my parents. I really wanted to move out and also start a life of my own, I knew I could keep making good money and maybe eventually start a business. 

So, why didn't I? Problem was that in the banks eyes I was still worth nothing as I had no income tax in my register which means I couldn't take a loan so I would have to pay it all at ones and the apartments I was looking at were about $250 000 which would hurt my bankroll a lot and I wouldn't feel comfortable having a place of my own, paying for everything etc with a $100 000 bankroll as it's not much of a safety net if things went bad. I got greedy and decided that I really wanted to get a place within the next 3 months and to do so I needed to take bigger risks.

I bought shares in some mining company and waited 2 months but the news I was waiting for just kept getin delayed so I decided to sell and invest in a medical company who was about to recieve big news. About a week after I had made a big investment the news finally came, unfortnately they were bad, like real bad. The CEO of the company had been lying to everyone and the stock dropped 90% in an instant. Meanwhile, the mining company I had invested in, went from $0.03 -  $0.2. I got extremely tilted and just kept making dumb decision after dumb decision. After a few months I only had about $60 000 left. I withrew it from my bank and put it into the gambling site and I saw nothing but black. I could bet $2.500 on some soccer game where I had never heard of any of the two teams and I just kept doing it till I was at 0.

and while you're reading this you might be like, so what, you're still in your early 20's, having no money is no reason to kill your self. I left out that during my trading time, I used to lend money from my mom to do normal stuff and I always paid her back etc it was nothing special but right before my greediness took over I took a considerable loan from her to fund an investment outside of the stockmarket, it was about $40 000. I didn't even have this in mind when I threw away my last $60 000, that's how deep down I was.

No one knew about any of this. I now started to ask friends and family for loans to try and make at least $40 000 so I could pay my mom back. Unfortunately I just kept losing, sometimes I would win a lot but once I was very close to making it I lost it all, every time. The loans from family and friends just kept piling up and now my total debt was: mom: $40k, sister $6k, friend1 $9k, friend2 $5k and friend3 $2k, total of: $62k. 

At this point it was bad, like suicidal thoughts bad and this is gonna sound real crazy but its 100% true. I went to a bridge near my home and had a serious break down in the middle of the night, I started screaming at god (cus desperate? lol idk). I went up the railing and ready to jump but I actually fell off because of the wind and suddenly the urge I had felt to kill my self was compeltely gone. I kinda just landed and felt nothing for a couple minutes, then went home, took my last $20 and somehow a few hrs later turned it into $3k, $3k then turned into $10k a day later and $35k a couple days later after that. I had no explanation as to what happened, keep in mind that these bets were not on something I had an edge on, it was on random games where I baerly knew the teams - pure luck. I thought to my self, well, it's time to stop, I might not be able to cover the whole debt but I can pay back my friends and sister and some of my mom and then find a job and pay her back within a year. I started making a deposit and after 24 hrs I got a message saying I needed to provide some bank statements to prove that I'm playing on my own account. Unfortunately as I have already told you, I was limited on my own account so I made new ones in friends and families. Usually I would deposit money into the account from the person who's personal information I had used, but not this time, I made the deposit with my own bank account and I think they already knew that when they asked for the information. Basically, I wasn't able to withdraw the money. Up untill this point I had seriously thought it was gods doing, from the falling off the bridge to suddenly turning $20 into $35k in a few days with pure luck, but then this happened and it instead felt like he was toying with me.

The suicidal thoughts came back but decided to tell my mom about everything. I finally came clean and it felt insanely good, she then decided to pay off my debts to my sister and friends and take the entire debt on her self. She then sent me about $20k to pay off all my friends but what do you think I did with the money? I sure as hell didn't pay off any debts. I started gambling again, I can't even explain why. I came clean for god sake, I got a 2nd chance but once again gambled it away and not only that, to try and recover, I took even more loans from friends. Now my total debt is something like this: Mom $62k, sister $4k, friend1 $14k, friend2 $9k, friend3 $5k, friend4 $2k, friend5 $1k total of: $97k.

There's no way out now, my mom was destroyed already after the first time I had told her and just telling her I came clean only to abuse her (ofc it wasnt my intention but it happened regardless) even more will end her and the shame I feel towards her and my friends is already killing me inside, there's no way out of this now. Not only did I fuck my own life up, I fucked my moms life up by basically stealing $60k from her not to mention my two friends that I owe $14k and $9k.

I love my family and friends like no other, I would on any given day take a bullet for them so guys, stay away from gambling. Even if you win, it might come a day where you get depressed or something and trust me, you do not wanna be associated with gambling in any way when you're not at 100 % mentally, it might end you like it did with me and many others before me.

I regret a lof of things, wondering what will happen to my mom and not beeing able to watch my two year old nephew grow up is the hardest part but the shame is simply to much. Good luck everyone.

