Going into the woods, ending it?I feel so hopeless about my situation. Overwhelmed by this life and dealing with people. Can someone help me see some sense in all of this?

I am trying to give a background, a fair objective overview about my situation:

I grew up in an abusive househould, my father was an alcoholic with anger issues...beat us and abused us. He tormented my family and it has given us emotional scars which will never heal, but we managed to escape after many years. My family (mother, two brothers) survived but communication is bad. We can't spend time together without fighting, I would describe our family dynamic as deeply dysfunctional. I am often the scapegoat (youngest person) in those conflicts.

My childhood has made me into a bitter, moody and aggressive person. I spent many nights analyzing why I am like that. How i can change. I know I have anger issues and really tried to be mindful but I often snap and make people I love miserabel. They are not blameless, but I don't want to make excuses for myself.

I am so tired of failing the people I love. They would be better off without me. I know they would be sad if I were gone, but at least then I wouldn't be able to cause them more pain. I even have a girlfriend and I dont know why she is together with me. I plead her to break up with me so I don't have a bad conscience anymore to leave. I would be able to just run away from all the things to overwhelm me. I obsess over all the human interaction i do wrongly and just want it to end. I want to stop feel guilty about my failure to not hurt people.

I often think about driving into the deep woods and to bring my gun with me. To tell my family I am sorry that i made them sad and feel pain, i know they would be ultimately better off without my destructive influence. I failed them. I can't be a positive person, a normal person. I am such an disappointment to myself.

I will be honest and give you an example of how i hurt the people i love. (I know i am garbage for the way i act). 

My mother has problems with her weight and I encouraged her to lose weight. Eating healthy with her and keeping her mindful. I moved away eight months ago and she gained noticeable weight back. She is happy though but i was mortified. A normal person wouldnt reduce a person to their weight or make hurtful comments because those do not help the situation. I couldnt hide my dissapointment with her weight gain though. Chastizing her, critizising her eating choices, telling her she is killing herself with this weight. I just couldnt stop myself. Couldnt even look at her without feeling angry and dissapointed.
Later my girlfriend confided in me how my mom said: i know that i have gained weight and "OP" thinks I am disgusting.
It hurt much to hear this. I have hurt her feelings deeply and only got myself to blame for that. I apologized to my mom and told her i would never think she is disgusting (even though those are my true feelings).

This is just a small example of my controlling and destructive behavior of mine. I am tired of apologizing and then hurting people again. I truly think I am just a horible person which manages to be kind when everything goes my way, but its just a matter of time when i snap again. Broken and not fit for society. I am tired of hating myself and feeling guilty. What is wrong with me? 