I have planned to die this morning.The past year was supposed to be the first year that i actually could experience adulthood and instead it was marred by everything good in my life crumbling. I had a boyfriend who made me feel loved, I had been doing well in school, I had made it into a university and then it was all pulled out from under me. I realised all my time with my boyfriend he was using me for my savings, I spent thousands on him from flights to clothes and even funded his petrol for the journey he took to cheat on me. It is crushingly pathetic to look back on everything that was good and is now tinged and bloodied, every memory of that leaves gapes in my adolescence where I have to second-think my development as an adult. My sense of trust has been erased entirely and I have become a shell of the person I once was. 

My family is a traumatic reminder of a history of mental illness that passes through my family, my father has Parkinson's Disease and makes terrible decisions, my mother's empathy is overblown and she suffers from anxiety but she hides it very well. I oversympathise with everyone, I spend too much to buy people's affection and it just got worse as my depression progressed. Now that I am out of home and alone in the world the will to end is very strong and I do not think I have much time left. 

I keep writing things on here and deleting them and not doing them because I have trouble trusting strangers, I have recently lost so many memories that I make memories up to compensate for my illness. I lose my belongings everyday, I wander aimlessly around in my house and I have spent many hours tonight just pacing around looking for my phone and I cannot find it and it really hurts my head.

I am a dark, ugly and conflicted person with no redeemable features, which is why I want to end it. All my friends progress along like everything is normal, like the stress is not looming behind them constantly and yet I feel insecure and vastly inferior to everyone. Lately I have gone off my medication because it was making me hear people saying my name and I could not stand it, sometimes I feel like all I do is ramble like now and that my thoughts race through over and over like I am being trampled by my own brain and it hurts so much in my chest. 

I used to be happy and healthy and not fat with gaunt poking bones at weird angles like an odd rib or my collarbone and terrible scoliosis, I used to like to draw and I wanted to be happy I was starting architecture but I dropped out of that after a gap year. I don't want to tell my parents I dropped out, I don't want to see their expressions of disappointment, they have three other children to pressure into something not every parent is that lucky. 

If I can just level with whoever made it this far all I know is that it really hurts and I just want the pain to leave. It used to be I could just ignore thoughts but now I cannot and they flood in constantly until I sleep for hours. I work cleaning dishes and it is ironically the only place I could escape but lately at work I start to have the same thoughts bit by bit and I want to quit my job and end my rent and just leave the world. 

I'm going to skip breakfast, I made sure to not eat for 48 hours and to be clear because I know that you can shit yourself when you hang. I was going to write all these handwritten notes to numerous people, a will and a funeral plan, I even did a seating list out of boredom but whats the point now in doing anything?

I wanted to make an alt but whats the point? Everything is so pointless, I grew up in a cold world where I saw my family's wellbeing crumble and my own crumble and everything just crumbling endlessly. I tied a noose off a video and I am watching it in my cupboard and the fan is on to mask the smell but I don't know if I should turn the fan off because it wastes power and my flatmate will be angry. But why does it matter if I am dead? Why even have the fan on? If it was my choice I would have just wanted to fall asleep and that be it with the dark and the dark purple swirling shapes and pinpoints of lights and patterns you see when you close your eyes forever. But instead my fat arse will be swaying in some tiny fucking cupboard over and over and over. 

The truth is that nobody cares, there are tears and people get depressed but in the end there is no point because i sqaundered the chance i had to change myself for the better and instead i am a lousy naive shit who couldnt make it work and couldnt make it to 20 even

time just kept getting faster and I just wanted it to end and the perpetual stuck in a rutt was humiliating and degrading and physically hurt me all over. my only advice is to not take a gap year if you are suicidal or depressed because it just makes you want to do what you always said you would and for what? my combined wealth of 4 grand which can barely pay for a year of tuition or a used car amazing. fucking amazing work there boy

im just sorry i couldnt be what people needed and for caring so much because in the end it does not matter and when the lights are out and centuries past i will be nothing and there will be no record of me on this rock 