being alive is just exahustingSo I had a meeting for a project i'm working on for uni and it went terribly. I was a lot less prepared than i expected and now i'm going to have to put in a Ton of work over the next few days to try and catch up. Which i mean sucks on its own but the lecturer supervising my project just flat out was like. "if you want a passing grade i expect a lot of catching up". and i'm mad because this was the only thing in my life at the moment that i thought was going right but turns out no!!! i'm failing the rest of my program and i could just drop out but i just \*know\* im going to have to sit through talks with my dad about why he's disappointed in me and i really can't deal with that any more

the last two years have been this constant mess of not being able to stay on top of schoolwork due to untreated adhd, barely being able to function as a human because im failing to balance basic human functions and school and mental health and trying to look after my ex, then being cheated on repeatedly, my ex only realising that what he was doing was wrong when we broke up and he found out i'd been talking to someone else and then getting hurt and blaming my friend and i'm mad i wasnt ever able to be mad at his friends  for supporting him and i had to keep being polite, then my grandma died and she left me a note saying she wished she could've spent more time together and im just exhausted, then i had to go to the hospital to find out ive put on enough weight that im at risk of diabetes so i have to eat more healthily but literally the only thing keeping me focused at the moment is snacking and im just. tired.

literally the only thing i have worth living for at the moment is the dnd game i DM with my friends but i can't play that at the moment because my exams are coming up and i'm so unprepared because i spent ages fucking around as usual and im overwhelmed and i hate it

it's taking a whole lot for me to not just. walk in front of a truck right now. i'm just so tired. 

I have therapy tomorrow so I'll have to bring this up then but I just really needed to get it all out