FUCK!!!okay so I’m 17 year old guy and I’ve never been the type of person to do anything like this because It makes me feel like Im only doing everything for attention. so I’ve started cutting again... I’ve been getting high every night since February last year when I started smoking weed, I had a cocaine addiction for a while and I’m still not funny over it. I do a lot of k, pills, 2cb, weed and I smoke a lot. I’ve never really enjoyed my life and I don’t remember a single day I wasn’t sad I think I’ve been depressed since I was about 11 but when I was 12 someone told one of my sisters and because it’s my age people put it as an attention thing... so I just pretended to be fine and started joking about it to hide it. I’ve stopped going to college and stopped doing my work, I’m supposed to be going to uni next year but I’m failing everything now and I’ve stared calling in sick to work. The thing is though I know I need help but I don’t want it and I don’t think I do. This is now my normal. I’ve accepted that this is how I’m going to live. I know that cutting is just fucking stupid and my life is a joke. I’ve always struggled with problems with my sexuality and I’ve been through some other shit that people think is fucked up, My dad left my mum when she was pregnant with me and I hated seeing him when I was younger because since I can remember he called me a puff, faggot and other things like that but now I haven’t spoke to him in about 8 years which I’m glad about I guess, when I was 15/16 a male pe teaching assistant I had kinda abused me I guess but I never saw it as a problem... I’ve never had anyone I consider a true friend and I don’t have anyone that I think likes me as much as I like them. There’s other stuff too but I don’t even know why I’ve said this much. I’m currently fucked on pills. Anyway I know there are people who have probably had worse lives than me but idk just fuck everything. and fuck life!!! I want to kill myself and I’ve tried but I always stop myself not because I want to live it’s just I feel so selfish doing it and i don’t want to put my mum and nan (that’s who I live with as well as my two sisters) through that just because I’m a fuck up. so anyway that’s my life rn.