Things Didn't Get BetterI posted here back in 2015 or 2016. At the time I was living in old trailer in the woods without plumbing or electricity. My only help and transportation to get food or showers was an abusive family member. I'd pinned everything on getting my driver's license and being able to get a job and then improve my life. 


I of course failed the driver's exam and was banned from further attempts since my state doesn't allow more than 3 attempts.


Today nothing has changed much. I have a job I love but it doesn't pay much but I still can't drive and am helpless and dependent on an abusive relative. They verbally rip me apart and destroy my things. When I stil had to physically go into work they would threaten to withold rides from me, and now that I work from home because of the pandemic, they will make louds calls talking about slurs and rape and things when I'm supposed to be taking calls from customers.


Nothing has changed or gotten better. I'm still helpless and abused. I actually developed a brain mass that damaged my vision. I have carpal tunnel or arthritis and have lost all my hobbies (drawing, gaming) as a result. My abusive relative wastes the money I earn--I pay all our bills, they don't work. My brother, the person I loved most in the world, killed himself a year and a half ago. I feel like it's just an inevitability before the abuse drives me to do the same. 

I did manage to live on my own for a year and a half. And I never managed to make friends, except for one person who would not openly be my friend because "my ex will think we're sleeping together". What does it say about me that the only person who would willingly be around me will only do so in secret?

I just cant believe how helpless and easily controlled not being able to drive makes you, and there's basically no one way out if you don't have a supportive family or friends to loan you a car and help you practice. Society doesn't care at all that it's basically condemned people to die or live as helpless victims their entire lives. 

I hate this. And I see no way out.