Tips for Saying Goodbye?Hi, everyone,

I'm planning on taking my life in about 6 weeks or so. No particular significance to this timeframe, it's just that my 2 year anniversary at work is coming up and I should be getting some vacation time I can cash out so I can leave behind a little extra money for my mom.

But, because I'm trying to hold out for the next 6 weeks, I figure that should be enough time to suitably say goodbye to my loved ones. They all know I'm suffering from depression and immense emotional pain, so hopefully it won't be too shocking.

I want to make sure this time is meaningful, but I also want to be as blunt as I possibly can so there won't be anything left to interpret when I'm gone. I want them to know that none of this is their fault and that they shouldnt have expected themselves to be able to save me.

I don't mean to re-open any wounds, but is there anything any survivors here wish they would've gotten before their loved one took their life? Is there anything you wish you would've been told, or anything you wish you would've done? I understand how permanent this is, so I want to make sure I'm very deliberate about this.

I believe that we all have a fundamental right to take our own lives if we see fit, but I'm not going to act like my actions wouldn't have an affect on those around me. Right now my priority is reducing the impact in any way I can.

I know the first thought that's going to come to mind is "If you're so worried about hurting the people you love, just don't do it." And that's completely fair. But I've been suffering with this for a few months now, and as I've gotten worse I'm starting to realize that the longer I put off saying goodbye the more likely that it is that I'll just snap and off myself one day without any kind of closure whatsoever for anyone. It's better that I do this while I'm still rational enough to really commit to making it easier for my family.

Also, I hope anyone who offers any advice knows they aren't contributing to my death in any way. Like I said, I'm sure the pain will become too great to bear eventually. Your advice would be more for my family's benefit. 

Many thanks for any and all advice.