Broke away from an abusive narcissistic relationship, all my friends are gone and my family is emotionally unavailable. The gun in my drawer feels like the only way out of this.I've been in an abusive relationship with a narcissist for the past two years. We were best friends and fell very deeply in love. She came from a history of abuse and was raised in the foster care system. But I didn't see anything that was wrong. I loved her. She ended up becoming physically and emotionally abusive a year ago, and I cheated on her because I didn't know how to handle the situation in a healthy way. Eventually it got to the point where I would return her punches and her hits instead of just walking away. We broke up for a few months but got back together, and that's when the I really started noticing the narcissicm. The physical abuse had ended, but I still cheated on her again because I wasn't happy. She would never stop holding that over my head, telling me that I was a worse person than she ever was, and that our friends all thought I was too. And I think she was right, because she would talk to them about everything I did wrong, and deflect all criticism from herself. I don't believe she's a bad person. But she's so good at taking a mutually toxic situation and working it to her advantage. I was miserable and I wanted to leave, but she made me feel like if I left, I would never find anyone that loved me as much as she did again.

I left her two weeks ago and I've been miserable ever since. The day I broke up with her, she made it a point to tell me that she was hooking up with a guy from tinder that she had matched with 20 minutes ago. All of our friends think I'm the scum of the earth. I will go to the ends of the earth to admit that what I did was terrible and it hurt her. But they want nothing to do with me. My family is emotionally unavailable, that's just always how they've been. I feel so alone, and so shitty about everything in my life. I don't have anyone to turn to. I feel alone and hated, and I want this to end. 

I have a gun in my drawer, and each time I take it out it becomes easier and easier to look at and hold, and imagine firing into my head.

