Feeling like this world is here to be destroyed.Hey...

Im.. a boy, 16. I am listening to dark piano while writing this. It just gives me nice vibes. Its 2 am for me. Im sitting in my room with an opened window. The cold wind touching my unperfect body. I don't know what I should appreciate about life. Lets say most of the things that happened to me where not so cool. 2 times I fell in love I got played. My dad wanted to kill himself because of me. He fell in depression. My dad being drunk for many years. I come from Romania so yeah its kinda normal to get beaten there. I cried daily when I was a kid. My Mom left us to go work in another country. After years we moved to that country together. I dont rly habe friends in real life. Well we talk and call ourselves friends but we never really hangout. I had problems with my legs and couldn't walk, we didnt have the money but luckily my parents found a doctor that did everything for free. If not I wouldn't have been able to walk anymore. I support many kids at my school with their problems, even internet people but never rly get help back. I am also religious and I believe in God. Most of the times praying made my life better. So why am I writing this. Well I use the Internet to escape the world. Gaming and Apps etc. are really helping me out. One of them is tiktok which is really getting filled with political stuff. BLM and feminism. I dont get this world. Instead of fighting for equality we are fighting to be better than others. Why arent we saying ALM instead of BLM I mean its still the same, it includes everything. For me Black lives dont matter because there is no Race in my eyes. "Yes but blm cause more Black People are being abused by the police." Well yes but you surely dont say Black Criminals either. Feminism is the next thing, we are fighting for equality... NO, remember all this shit with "KAM2020(KillAllMen)" and "what if we stop making babies so the man will die out". Even religion, cause you know I am religious, why do we have to proof that our religion is the best, just let people live their fucking life. Why instead of being united and having a happy life together, we fight against each other. The world really makes no sense to me. I am a coder and my dream is to open my company. Ill give myself time for it. But if my dream is being destroyed then I guess there is no more point of living in this world. A happy man is just a depressed person, who fakes being happy.