Heartbroken to pieces with insults of my looks and worthWell after suffering being a young window for three years, a man seemingly out of no where came into my life. It was as if God read my picky mind because he was just spot on my type. I thought he was gorgeous. He was charming, he took me out to eat, we spent a lot of time together, we celebrated some moments in summer by going to the carnival and camping....but more and more it seemed like he found things about me to pick apart. It became very difficult to read him. Was it something I said before? Yes it usually was. That’s why he would abruptly start talking about something I wouldn’t have a clue that annoyed him. He was pissed and embarrassed his friends saw we both were wearing the same hue of blue as swimwear. “This wasn’t planned I swear!” Wow....no one was thinking that. He got pissed I ordered an appetizer at a bar while he was in the bathroom which I had every intention of sharing and paying for. He later said if I don’t know by now how to do my makeup that’s bad (when I tried to do an 80’s themed makeup for a 80’s show, in the dark with travel makeup).....also he smokes weed cartridges and I took one hit and he kept saying,”Are you not all there? Are you alright....?” I’m stoned right now I’m not going to be Albert Einstein. I happened to get a stain on my shirt and he was fast to point that out saying he doesn’t want me to be an embarrassment in front of his friends. He also flipped that I wasn’t able to find a camp ground on my phone before we got there and threw a tantrum. “Are you serious?! I told you to look it up a half hour ago! NOW I want to go home!” I tried to say, I’m sorry, I mean I did hear him but I was having trouble getting service on my phone....but I didn’t figure that out until later. I was so stunned by his reactions. Hell I spent the whole ride scraping off my “blotchy” make up. “I got training by my friend who worked at Sephora...” to which he replied...”I find that very hard to believe.”

Then a week later he shows up at my place last minute so I start cooking for him, and it’s hot as hell. He basically starts going off on how my attire sucks and I dress like a hobo. “Ever think of looking good makes you feel good?” I just said please leave the kitchen. There he was again with his cooler filled with beers. He mentioned he was thinking about ghosting me after the last time. Inbetween this we would chill and I’d be on edge but very happy to be with him. I never dated someone this harsh. 

I would stand up for myself and regrettably take more Xanax and blood pressure meds (I’m off both now) which would make me text him trying to figure out what the fuck the issue is and trying to communicate.

I got news about having cervical cancer and he was so close to ending things. Yes I cried. He picked me up and I had some shots of vodka.

A couple weeks after, and inbetween not including me on his birthday weekend..he finally said,”I am in love with you, I don’t find you attractive/I’m not attracted to you, I don’t want YOU, it’s old, it’s over....” (says my name) look at me....me inside: I CANT LOOK AT YOU! It’s hard enough! 

I couldn’t leave right away because I was tipsy for the first time in years and dizzy. He said,”god I can’t wait til you are out of my life...are you sure a friend can’t pick you up? I’m tired please leave me alone.”

No hug nothing.

That mixed with so much hell I tried to end my life twice. My friend told him that. Then a week or so later he texted my friend saying,”she better not be sending shit via Facebook to my sister or my friends!” When I didn’t! So I called him and left a vm saying....”I didn’t contact your family? Can you just calm down and not be so angry so we can diffuse this?”

That turned into him texting my friend saying,”I will call the police if she leaves me another voicemail. I’ll have that crazy bitch locked up! Tell her I said fuck you and fuck off! I will get a restraining order and harassment order on her!”

First of all I didn’t display behaviors that’s warranted such a threat. I have never had a boyfriend or guy I was seeing threaten to involve the police? I was perhaps a little pushy trying to resolve miscommunications at times and I didn’t like it but I would be distant and he even said I was at first and towards the end! So Jesus.....

It may not seem like a big deal. But....it hurts me a lot. He probably found some other girl. He was out of my league anyway.