Thanks for reading.I don’t know where to start. I’m 22 years old and have been feeling an inevitable doom over my shoulders for some time now. When I was 17 I literally woke up one morning and didn’t feel right. Not as in a depressive episode or a panic attack, but as if I was still dreaming. A light foggy feeling in my head. I was depressed at the time due to isolating myself from others and not attempting to have a social life, but it’s been nothing compared to what it has been lately. As time went on the foggy feeling only got worse. I thought to myself “its only temporary, by the time your 20 it will be long gone” but I’m 22 now and it’s more present than ever.

I have a 1 year old daughter and a beautiful girlfriend. I have a decent car and a house to live in. Everything that I need I can provide for myself. I don’t know why I feel how I do. I try so hard to hide how I feel from my girlfriend and daughter, but I feel I need to let her know sometime soon. I’ve tried getting help but when it comes to it I can’t help but hide how I really feel. I have convinced myself that if I let anybody know exactly what’s going on I will be hospitalized. I have to much on my plate for me to not be able to work and be with my family right now. My brother is currently in jail involving the death of his infant son last September. His wife was pregnant when he got arrested and after she gave birth I was contacted by the department of human services and asked if my girlfriend and I would be able to care for their newborn daughter. We immediately said yes.

My little sister has been in and out of foster homes for a couple years. Last year I finally had myself together enough to be able to take her into my custody. I learned shortly after she moved in with us that she was pregnant. She gave birth a week after my brothers baby was born.

I now have a daughter of my own, my girlfriend, my niece and nephew, and my little sister that I have to be able to provide for. So I feel taking a break for my mental health is off the table right now. To them I try to make it seem like nothing is going on. But I’m reality I’m barley hanging on. To them I appear normal and healthy.

I feel incredibly isolated and trapped inside my own head. I’ve been feeling paranoid lately as well and it’s the worse thing that I’ve been through. The thought of suicide has been becoming more and more casual for me to think about. I never want to kill myself and I never thought I would, but I’m feeling so disconnected from reality I fear it’s the only way out. I dont think I would be able to, but with how I’m feeling recently I become more unsure every day. I work a third shift job Monday through Saturday so Sunday nights I’m all alone. When I get off work I spend an hour or two with my family and then tell them I’m tired and need to go to bed, but I can’t sleep. I lay awake in bed and toss and turn for hours until I finally fall asleep, leaving me with 4-5 hours of sleep before work. I try to sleep with my girlfriend on Sunday nights but I can never sleep for more than an hour. I’ve been having terrible nightmares every Sunday. I wake up feeling dreadful and scared, I don’t know why. I go into the living room and try to watch tv and clean the house, but that does little to help how I’m feeling. I’m scared that one day on a Monday morning my family will wake up and find me dead in the basement, without ever knowing why. I think about how it would affect my family, and the depression, guilt, and anger it would bring them, and it’s enough to stop me. I fear one day I won’t be able to stop my self from wanting to end my suffering. My life in the past 3 years has been nothing but mentally terrifying.

Thank you for reading.