2 kids and wife, 24 MHi. So like post says my wife and I have 2 kids. We cant afford to live in an apartment, so weve been staying with my parents. My brother and his girlfriend live here as well (they are older). For a long time now my wife and his girlfriend have hated eachother - all stemming from my brothers GF being a sneaky psycho.

 Long story short, she does things behind my wifes back to piss her off and drive her crazy, and when she complains or says something it looks like shes the bad guy. For example - soap on her tooth brush, little things like eating her food or throwing it away, throwing her clothes away, etc. Because of this weve gotten into so many arguments with my parents, because they are so far up my brothers ass its insane. My mother has to be the worst, as she makes excuse after excuse for how fucked up the situation is.

I know this is a lot, but Im trying to give you an idea of the situation and its pretty hard...for example, im allergic to almonds. When my first son was 1, we told no one to give him peanuts til he was older, and WE would see how he takes it. My brothers GF went behind our backs and put almond milk in his cereal. My wife confronted her, she lied and said it wad chocolate milk. She later admitted in an argument it was almond milk. My mother made excuse after excuse for that.

My brother and his GF dont even shovel their cars out in the snow, they expect it to be shoveled out for them. My brothers GF actually gets angry/annoyed when she comes up to leave for work and her car isnt cleaned off, then my mother gets pissed and says shit to me and my father about not going out earlier.

Theres so many other things, but basically it all boils down to I just cant take it anymore. The arguments, the stress, any of it. Ive been going to the doctors for the first time this year for depression, but I dont think I want to live anymore. I know my 2 little boys (2 and 5) will be crushed, and it tears me apart to think of it, but it just sucks waking up every day knowing I have no choice but to sit here and deal with it. 

Its not fair to them to have to see their parents so miserable, and sometimes even take it out on them. They would have a better life with parents who can give them a house, and not argue every day. Im still on the fence but it just hurts so much to live, im sorry for rambling