Just went through an intervention and I need to kill myself10 years ago my brother came out as trans to our family. We all sat down at the dinner table and my parents reacted terribly, my mother said the most vile things and my father, as always, acted as if he knew us better than ourselves. I'm also trans (I know, my family is cursed and I feel awful for them) and I hated my brother for coming out, I thought if I could keep it to myself so should he.

Nothing changed, we just pretended it never happened and continued with our lives. We went on to college and graduated, but after that I haven't worked or studied since. It's going to be 4 years of doing nothing soon, and the guilt kills me a little everyday, but it's too late to change now. Today as I was feeding wild birds who lives near our house, which is one of my last few moments of happiness, he flipped out on me when I started cutting an apple for them. Instead of arguing I just left, but then he called both of us back and had an intervention, asking us what's wrong, why we "have no ambition" and why we are so disconnected, complaining we never spend time as a family, that we need to find work soon (the last I agree). My brother mentioned depression, but my father says we don't have it, and even if we do half of the planet does, it's not excuse. What he doesn't says is how every time I attempted to build a personality or to say anything I was always immediately shut down, every since I was a kid everything I saw or want is wrong. If I answer his questions with certainty he doubts me, when I say "I don't know" he complains I have no certainty. When I began to let my hair grow at 17, one day when we went to the mall together he whispered to me everyone was looking at me. The other day he just looked at me out of nowhere and asked me if I gained weight. Now he asks me why I am scared of going outside, why I have no confidence, I wonder why?

He wants us to have this conversation again tomorrow, and that we should bring suggestions to fix this situation. I'm seriously considering committing suicide tonight to avoid this. If I come out as a trans too I'll give him a heart attack and my mother, whose mental health has been rapidly declining for the last few years, will go completely mad or die with disgust. And there's no point in coming out now that's too late to transition.

I know I did everything wrong. A stronger person would've started working to be independent, but I lost all will to live when I was denied a transition at 15, after their reaction to my brother coming out. Puberty hit me hard, I will never look like a woman and I rather die than to be a freak and the butt of everyone's jokes. I need to know what's the easiest and surest way to commit suicide tonight