This is my story [fairly long]First of all, for obvious reasons this is a throw away account. 

I just feel like I have to share my story, this is probably going to be long as hell but if just one person reads the whole thing I'd be happy. I don't think I'm going to be around much longer, so I just have to get some kind of legacy out. I'll start from the top.

2005-2006 was my senior year of high school, I was so glad to be graduating. I dont mean to sound racist because Im really not. All my life, from kindergarden to senior year, I went to all black schools and Im white. Thats most likely because my family was really poor and not too far away from the projects in a big city. Toward the end of 2005 I was the happiest I ever was in my life, and besides recently, the most depressed Ive ever been in my life. I met a girl online, after a couple of months I fell in love with her and apparently she did with me as well. I never had a girlfriend in my life before, this was so new to me. As I said I went to an all black school, not to mention Im anti social as hell, Im not a racist, I just never was interested and it just never clicked for me. Anyways me and this girl, going good for a while and then one day Im tragically informed that she died. In a car accident. This fucked me up so bad, so damn bad. I didnt go to school anymore, I had no motivation for anything I just didnt care. I look into it everyway I can, checking obituaries, trying to research, find ANY info I can, found nothing and I was like this for a while. Eventually after that month some dude comes online and just flat out tells me that she was he, and that he was truly sorry, told me he was going to kill himself and went offline. Big surprise eh? I should have known, I been using the internet for years prior, how could I let myself fall for this? Its because Im weak, because I was vulnerable, because I was alone. Despite the like half a year of this guy fucking with my head, I actually kind of felt bad that he said he was going to kill himself and went offline. To be honest, I almost didnt care that he was a dude, if he could just keep acting like her... all I could do was laugh at myself. Eventually I realized thanks to my depression my life was seriously falling apart. At the current rate I was going to fail my senior year but I was willing to accept the consequences of my actions and began going back to school. The school didnt like this, my dad was lying to the truancy officers saying I left for school everyday, when they finally managed to get their hands on me they were going to arrest my dad for my truancy. My dad quickly withdrew me from school and sent me to live with my mother 700 miles away.  Which despite my dad abandoning me like he did to save his ass, I was happy. I felt like this was a breath of fresh air, this is a new fresh clean slab for me, I can be someone new! I was so happy, I tried so hard in school now that my record was clean. Not to mention the school was 99% white, there was a white person besides myself! I felt like I was released from captivitity into the wild. Thankfully, to my surprise, my teachers where I used to live wanted to give me the benefit of the doubt, all of them except one gave me a passing grade, a shitty grade but a passing grade. My math teacher failed me, but that was fine my new school only required 3 years of math not 4. This was ultimately my downfall, or I like to claim so. Thanks to my new found motivation I ended up graduating, my lowest grade being a 92. Now these are the grades I always got prior to my senior year in that big city. Now that the prologue is done, lets begin.

After I graduated high school I began college same year after summer vacation. I knew if I took a year off theres a chance I might not ever even go to college. I went and took my ACT, I flopped the math part so bad, simply because I didnt know the material from that 4th year of math I should have taken. So what did they do? They stuck me in some math educational class, which I was fine with I guess it would suck to move on to hard math college classes and not know shit. Just throwing this out there but I HATE math, I understand its importance, but things beyond usual daily needs, I thought it was a waste of time and hated it. The thing with these math educational classes is that I needed a 75 to pass them. Math was never my strong point, my first semester I failed that class, ended up with a 69. Second semester, 67, third semester even lower, I was so pissed off, my motivation was at the lowest its been in a while, WHY CANT I DO THIS SHIT?! Every test, I was feeling good, I studied, did my homework, but then the test results came back, fail, fail ass fail. I ended up failing English because my motivation was fucked, not to mention I needed another god damn year of foreign language because my stupid ass French teacher quit half way during high school, and there was no foreign language classes. Not to mention I was running out of money from my pelle grant, and gas costed like $4+ a gallon and the damn place was 40 minutes away. It ended up costing about $100 a week to get back and forth. My mom offered to pay for gas but theres no way I could have lived with myself making her pay that. My uncle had died and my mom had to take out a huge loan to bury him and it was hard just to pay the damn mortgage, we was literally 4-6 months behind at the time but thank fucking god my mom was good friends with the guy that gave us the loan or else we'd have no home. So before my third semester ended 2007, I withdrew from college, or dropped out rather. 

So the reason Im even here, on suicide watch, ever since then, nearly every single damn day, every day all day I sit on my computer. I been obese, but now Im morbidly obese, just walking to the kitchen to dig in the fridge exhausts me. I decided to just sit on my computer everyday and when my heart, and my body gives out, so be it. Honestly lately I been thinking cardiac arrest doesnt sound that fun, maybe just finishing myself off one way or the other, at least I can control when I die and wont be taken by surprise. I think about it and dismiss the thought, Im too much of a coward. But I find myself thinking about it more frequently, longer, and the thought of death just scares me. But with the pain I feel down my left arm, in my chest, reminds me that death will find me soon. I like to lie to myself, and tell myself my shoulder is just mega out of shape and the pain runs into my chest, and I like to believe that, it lets me sleep at night. 

But I did try, the past 4 years I honestly tried. Dozens of job applications, no response on any, living in a small remote town fucking sucks. I wont lie, I havent tried getting myself in shape. Exercising, moving around, I didnt do any of that. Sometimes before I go to bed I like to think, tomorrow, tomorrow is the day I turn my life around. When tomorrow comes, all I can think about is sitting on my damn pc. I have no motivation, and despite how much I fear death, it got to the point to where I just dont care. Or do I, why the hell am I ever on suicide watch if I dont?! II Just dont want to make my mom sad if I die, I dont want to let my brother down, my cat comes and sleeps in my bed with me every night. The thought of my cat coming in here and wondering where I am just brings tears to my eyes.

While my brother was home on winter break, I was going through his public files on the network getting some stuff I needed when I noticed a text document of a chat he had with a friend of his, a person I kinda knew so I was a bit compelled to look at the chat, hell its in the public documents why not. They chatted normally until they started talking about an old friend of ours that died of a heart attack when he was 21 riding a bike to buy some fast food. Eventually the conversation went on and my brother talked about me, he said I probably wont last 5 years and Im too weak to change it. I always looked up to my brother so much and I dont know it just felt like he gave up on me. Instead of feeling like shit, I felt motivated, I felt like, like I should prove him wrong. I decided, the next time he comes home for spring break, Ill be a new man! But here I am, its his spring break, I went outside once and walked around for 40 minutes. So much for being a new man. If I cant get motivated by that, I dont know what will. I honestly fucking dont.

I never talked to anyone about this. Not even my best of e-friends. So if you read it, thanks a lot. It means a lot to me and it feels good to have it off my chest.  Honestly I would like to turn my life around but I am just too much of a coward, and my brothers right Im just too weak. Please dont think bad of my brother, I almost think he left it there on purpose for me to find it. We always had kind of a rivalry growing up, he would doubt me, and I would try and try to prove him wrong. But now, I feel like Im powerless. Changing the world somehow, someway, was always my dream, growing up, I thought when I die as long as I put a good impression on the world and changed it in some postitive way, even if small, I would be happy. How ironic, I lack the power to even change myself.