I don't want to go like this but I'm at the end of my ability to copeHopefully the anonymity serves me well enough and I can just talk a bit here without worrying about being "outed". I'm still scared to share too much but I'm trying to say enough that people could at least reply to me and maybe help a bit.

I'm financially and physically destroyed from a previous suicide attempt a couple months ago.

My only friend and ex-boyfriend abandoned me because he couldn't handle someone like this in his life. I caused too much pain. I just brought him down and he needed to live for himself. I don't have any other friends or people to talk to.

I went to a psychiatrist and he put me on Prozac. It's not working. I still spend every minute wishing the pain would go away. This doesn't feel like a regular emotional problem like transient depression - it feels like a chemical imbalance that makes it impossible for me to feel anything but terrible emotions. It feels like I'm unable to experience joy anymore. So you'd at least expect antidepressant drugs to work, but after a number of weeks I'm still just as broken.

I really want to get help and get better, but it isn't working.

Dying seems like a sensible way out. Being this broken and constantly hurting emotionally and physically makes it difficult to find things that make life worth living. Or impossible, I guess - it fucks with my mind enough that I can't do anything to distract me and bring joy. Even writing this post is extremely hard on me from a purely cognitive level.

I feel like I need someone to talk to who cares, even a little bit. But that kind of friendship takes years (or at least months) to develop, and I have really neglected my social life. How do you find people in a situation like that?

 I'm the kind of person who used to hang out on /r/suicidewatch and try to help people, but now I feel hopeless to help myself. I can't even remember what it felt like to not be like this, when I had the heart to try to talk others down from similar pain.