Lonely drug addictI posted this in r/depression before but thought I'd post here too, it's long so thanks to anybody who reads this

I'm a 23 year old male and I have never had a girlfriend. Iv had lots of beautiful girls flirt with me and text me, flirt with me at parties but iv always been too shy to make a move. I had sex once at a party but that's just cause this girl came on to me and I was so drunk I can barely remember it.Anyways iv been a drug addict for about 8 years, I've used marijuana pretty much everyday since i was 15(I personally consider weed a medicine as I need it to sleep), started getting into harder drugs at 16 or 17. For about the past year tho iv been using cocaine almost everyday along with mdma,shrooms, or anything else I could find at least once a week. Over the past year tho iv completely Lost my mind over a girl.

Last summer this girl started texting me and flirting all the time .She asked me to fuck her a couple times but it was usually when I was at work so I couldn't just leave ,anyways she flirted everyday with me for like a month, and we hung out a couple times a week but there was usually other people around. long story short I enough made enough of an effort to get alone with her and make a move,I took to long so she lost interest after about a month since we started talking . The really stupid part is I didn't realize what I did wrong until way after the fact. Even all those girls I failed with in high school didn't make me realize that my shyness was making me come off uninterested. Although one night a few months after she stopped liking me she texted me saying she missed me and shit , but than next day she acted like she didn't mean anything by it

I just feel like the most pathetic guy ever, like I'm subhuman I don't get how I'm that dumb but I was. Anyways though me and this girl are still to this day very good friends,kind of weirdly good,we see and talk to each other almost everyday and hang out often,sometimes for long stretches doing drugs,partying, we use drugs frequently together . For most of the winter me and her would do blow everyday hanging out when neither of us were working, we'd go to bars,restaurants. etc. 
she even ditched her bfs to chill with me, for example one time me , her and her bf at the time (me and him are already kind of friends, small town)were driving back into town when she texts my phone saying to drop her off at home and let her know when I've ditched her bf, so as we approach town she just says I'm going home I got stuff to do. So after I dropped her off I dropped off her bf. She then texts me saying to pick her up and she wants to get some blow and do it with me. Which we then proceeded to do, she use to do stuff like this all the time

she'll ask me to come smoke joints with her everyday at her work. Sometimes when we'd both be fucked up on something but weren't together, we'd spend hours texting each other back and forth talking about anything and everything. I can easily say she's my best friend, and I wouldn't trade her friendship for anything, I can't stand being just friends tho I love her so much, I connect with her like no one else iv ever met, she's even said to me herself that it's weird how much alike we are

 I feel like she's my soulmate but I fucked it up. I've told her how I've felt about her a few times and each time she flipped out and said were only ever gonna be friends.which usually made me respond with really coked out stupid and desperate stuff, I cringe when I think about some of the stuff I've said to her.She knows how I feel about her yet She obviously enjoys my company still. This is all so painful tho cuz she's had 5 different bfs in the time since I started hanging with her. It makes me feel so pathetic since she came onto me so strong yet a couple of those guys were able to talk her into liking them eventually dating(even if was only for a month or 2. It's driving me insane, I think about it 24/7. I just got laid off from my job of 3 and a half years, convient timing because I drained my bank from buying so much blow. I have a couple buddies I chill with maybe once a week or every 2 weeks but she's my only real friend, even tho I have bigger problems I should be worrying about, all I care about is her.

Even though she knows how I feel about her she still involves me in her life so much, I've told her how hard this is for me a long time ago yet she still always asks me to do something with her. I've tried just ignoring her before but when me and her aren't talking I get so depressed, and the longer we go without talking the more depressed I get.She's my only real friend so without her I feel so alone. In fact when I'm with her my mind finally stops thinking of her in that way because I'm just thankful to have such a good friend and I'd hate to lose that so i just focus on enjoying that aspect when we're together

This whole thing is torture, I'm trapped in my own mind. I hate myself so much, it's all I can think about. I wish I could kill myself but I could never do that because  it'd devastate my family. I just can't stand how close I've gotten to this girl yet knowing she'll never be interested in me romantically again. I don't even get why she'd wanna see me so much knowing how I feel about her. This whole situation has broken my brain, the only way to distract myself is getting high which does help a bit But I never usually go longer than literally 5 mins without it crossing my mind

I can't even watch movies,shows, or play games anymore because anytime something comes on screen that has to do with sex, relationships, or even just two people out on a date  that I start crying and turn my tv off. I just feel like  I blew my only one chance at the purpose of life and happiness. All I see on Facebook is people having babies, getting married, talking about how great and happy their life is. I want that :( I'm never gonna be able to have a family and that's all I want now.

This whole things crushed my self confidence lower than it was before, I'm never gonna meet anyone because I'm such a loser, and now I'm too terrified too because I'm so stupid I'd fuck it up again and just have the same situation on my hands. I'd never be able to talk about this in person with anyone, it's far too embarrassing that I'd rather just pack up and leave without telling anyone. I'm sure there's no guy on earth Thats had as many really good looking girls start flirting with them first and never got wit any of them. I feel like the most pathetic excuse for a man to ever exist, I'm worthless and unlovable.
My personality is so off putting and just awkward. Being a mentally fucked good looking guy is the worst curse ever

Am I insane to think this girl will ever like me? Obviously I'd have to be, i know she never will. I'm fucked tho I can't just block her number and never talk to her again because I get suicidal when we aren't talking,all I think about is how happy I could be if I just was a normal guy and was able to behave like one and made a move on a girl that was throwing herself at me practically. It sucks cause I'm so comfortable with her now I'd have no problem making a move. And have been comfortable enough for a while but it's too late, I'm fucked up and jus wish I could die. I think about it more and more everyday, it's consumed virtually every thought I have. My mind never lets anything go. I feel like all I can do is wait to die for this hell to be over

I cry myself to sleep most nights, wake up to a txt from her, which perks me right up because she is my best friend after all. But then after I see her I get depressed about it and the whole thing repeats, day after day after day after day

I just can't take it anymore,each line of coke I do I hope is the one that finally kills me. I'm a fuckin idiot and I can only blame myself, I've ruined my life.

I know so much drug use will only make everything worse but at this point who cares? I wish I could die anyways. When I'm sober I spend every wakin moment thinking about it so I feel only things I can do is get fucked up on drugs to try to distract myself

But I can't take it anymore,I just wanna die so I don't gotta think about it anymore. I know there's a million fish in th sea but i don't like people in general and most girls annoy me, but I just wanna die now. I've embarrassed myself so many times but I don care anymore about anything