after reaching out to talk, i only feel guilt for the way i feel.Idk what’s been going on with me lately but it’s scary...there’s days when i’m completely optimistic and nothing can bring me down and then I eventually fall back into my old bad habits. It doesn’t help that I’m having to be quarantined at my parents house as I’m 24 now and my relationship with my parents is completely strained. Me and my boyfriend fight almost every day and at this point I have no friends left except coworkers that I don’t want to know too much about me. I’m so distant because of my depression. When I speak to my boyfriend about how I feel he normally gets mad at me or just doesn’t say anything and sits on the phone obviously texting as I’m crying my eyes out or having an anxiety attack. If i don’t respond to something he says as I’m having a full blown anxiety attack and can barely breathe correctly he gets mad at me and hangs up on me. It’s a full indicator that I’m wasting his time...and a reminder that anytime I try to come to someone for help it’s nothing but a waste of everyone’s time and even my own because I’m just left feeling more guilty. 

I tried reaching out to my cousin but I felt guilty about it and stopped myself from getting further into detail about how I feel. I just feel so worthless and emotionally weak. I can’t handle anything anymore and I feel as though there’s no more hope for me. It’s to the point where my self worth and esteem is at its lowest. When I reach out to my boyfriend he tells me I’m not the only person suffering and that I shouldn’t be so sad. It’s hard feeling comfortable with my emotions and moving forward when the only person I have to talk to tells me that I feel the way I feel because I want attention or feels personally attacked for the way that I feel when all I want is comfort. I’m at a point where it’s so hard for me to be alone because without him I really don’t have anyone that I can speak to and not feel judged or want to stop myself from talking the moment I open up. Honestly I feel like posting this is something I’m going to regret but I know I need to because I self harmed today and after speaking to my boyfriend for comfort it only made me want to do it even more...