I think i am ready to finally end it...My name is Adam I am 23 years old and I am a fuck up., I have moved out of my mothers 4? Times now I think and every time it lasts a few months to a year and I end up back because I failed, I am about to go back again this time I was planning on going to school in Vancouver I moved in with my cousin and his girlfriend but quickly figured out that it wasn't going to work long term, his gf clearly hated me idk if it was just me or that she was sick of room mates but she despises me I can tell just by the way her tone changes when she talks to me. So now I am on my way back to penticton a small town to my mother and op top of that I think my mom really doesn't want me back either, she is sick of having me stay with her, which I understand as I am increadibly unlikable. Not that it mattered as I ended up getting kicked out because they were not allowed to have extended guests so their landlord gave me the boot.
So on top of all that I have no friends, never have I was the loser in high school never had a sleep over at another kids house i don't think I ever even went to another kids house in high school. So with that being said I obviously never had a girl friend, I am 23 and a virgin which I really don't care about but I want a gf I want someone to care about, someone who cares about me, the truth is I don't even know if I am interested in girls I have never had the opportunity to try... I feel like such a mess as I didn't get the experience that other people do in high school.
There was a time fairly recently when I was happy, I had a dog, her name was Ari she was a German Shepard and I loved her win all my heart, she was that companion that loved me unconditionally and I could always spend time with, but i ended up having to give her away. The place I was staying that I could keep her at, I ended up having to move out of and was not able to find another pet friendly place that I could afford, I gave her to a good family with children but I still think about her endlessly and it's been like 8 months now. I find myself wishing I never got her as I was a lot better depression wise before I got her then I am now.
In closing I know I am severely depressed I have been for 10-15 years and I want it to end but every time and I mean every time I think there is a chance for it to get better it all goes wrong and I am sick of trying..

it seems like it keeps only getting worse and worse, and it never gets better, people tell me it will get better but you dont know that for all anyone knows it will just keep getting worse and stay that way...

i just want to die, i dont want to try anymore, i keep trying to find a job to do something meaningful with my life, but no i got no friends im going to end up at superstore or mcdonalds... i dont want to do this... i just want to die so all my problems are gone...