Just need some advice to stop feeling depressed and suicidal...So yea. I'm suicidal at times, but thankfully I'm much better now...

But still, I feel depressed almost everyday. I don't know why sometimes. I guess you could say, one of my closest friends started ignoring me in early 2011. I became really depressed, broke down in school non-stop. But I survived and I'm glad for it.

It gets lonely now though. I've no real person to talk to... to tell stuff to, no people to give me advice. I can't really blame my rl friends because most of them don't go through what I go through. My parents argue everyday, or rather my mum just throws her temper around for no rhyme or reason. The pressure's on me. Because I'mthe oldest, I'm expected to get good grades, expected to do what I have to do...

My grades suck, and I'm really confused as to what my heart really wants. To continue in JC or move to poly?

Sometimes, it gets so bad that I feel like cutting. But then I'm too scared to do it, so it's alright. I feel like I've no purpose in life, no direction, I'm only living because I've to live.

I know I'm really fortunate compared to some people out there, but the negative thoughts keep coming. No matter how hard I try to stay happy. And it’s just hard when sometimes all you wanna be is a different person, live in a different world, and be able to do what you really want to do without being scared. 

And it hurts whenever I see that friend helping others and not caring/not even aware of what is happening to the people who really care about him/her.

I appear like a really cheery, happy girl in school... but deep down though some of my friends know how depressed I get, no one knows the extent of my depression or suicidal thoughts...

They all think I'm better now. But I'm not. I'm still just as insecure, just as weary, just as tired and sick of the world around me. I'm not sure whether I'll be able to fully trust anyone again.

Some days, I feel like I'm drowning, like there's no one to save me. And sometimes, I just wish that maybe I'll accidentally be in the way of a vehicle on the road someday, or just drift away and never wake up forever.