letterthe suicide letter of a trans girl rough draft, this account is an alternative to my real account, just stating that. 	

I gave up a long time ago. Maybe if i put in any real effort i could have improved. No, instead i neglected my medicine, relationships, and doctors in favor of drugs, eating disorders, and scars.. I never  wanted to survive. I may have been scared of killing myself, but i didn’t want to live either. Well, i guess i finally found a cowardly way enough to go out. I have warned those closest to me about this method. Most of you dismissed it as a joke, a plea for attention, or an unimplementable plan. I proved you wrong didn’t I. Chances are my heart failed, i stopped breathing, or my kidney’s are failing. Do not put me in life support by the miracle i live and function in some vegetative state. 

 He  was always destined to die. There was no possible course where he lived. She had a chance. Weak and pathetic, she failed. Destined to a life of anxiety, depression, addiction, and compulsive eating habits, I choose the “easy path”. If it was so easy, i would have already been gone by my eighteenth birthday. 
It took the course of four years for an average healthy kid to transform into an unrecognizable monster. From smart, kind, and naive to a sociopathic mental patient.I am sorry for failing and hurting all of you throughout the course of my life. I am aware my apologies mean less than nothing coming from a despicable individual, but it is the best i can do. It’s not like I can make amends. 

Well i am not done yet.  I suspect the death of a young person to be especially tragic. I don’t want you to look at it that way. You won’t listen, but this has always been my fate. I knew it. I told everyone as well. In life they say to hope for the best and expect the worst. When nothing positive happens in your life, and you constantly get the worst end of things, eventually even the toughest individuals would wear down until all that is left is a unfillable emptiness that nothing can compensate.

 I am confident in the insignificance of life. Nothing that anyone does has any true meaning. When we die, everything that we lived for and knew disappear as if they never existed. The lack of an afterlife is comforting. I can’t stand another instance being myself and i can’t face those that i have hurt and will continue to do so in my death. Even if there was a heaven and hell, there is no question in my mind where i would be going. More suffering and pain. Home sweet home. 

In my younger years, i always had a desire to make a difference and impact the world for the better. Now i have come to an understanding that it does not matter anyway. Not to me. In the event that someone, other than myself, would like to find some positives in my death, use my death to educate people on the seriousness of mental illness and lgbt issues. 

  i despise every single part of me. Even aspects that used to be positive, such as my intelligence or perfectionist tendencies, have all turned against me. I hate my body, my personality, the way i lose everyone who cares about me, and that i am the cause of much of my own problems. I am just not strong enough to get better. I am a weak, pathetic person who only develops more problems instead of fixing them. I am plagued by social anxiety, eating disorders, addiction, and a lack of prospects in all aspects of life. Maybe i could get better. Maybe if i was someone else i would. But i am too much of a failure to fix anything. The problem is that i am myself.

	With that, i’d like to say a few final points. I love all of you who have been there for me in my life and brought a little illumination into the blackhole of my life. Goodbye. It’s not going to be “until we meet again”. It’s over. One last rough chapter, with no edits,  a final show. My story began with such promise, now vanquished by the greatest and worst freedom. The epilogue will be written by all of those i choose to leave behind. It will be challenging if you did care about me. But it doesn’t have to be entirely made up of same gruesome manner as the last chapters of my book.  The sequel to my suicide can be filled with tales of love, meaning, and happiness. Just as probable, emptiness, misery, and death will accompany you. It’s your decision to keep fighting or give up. No one can make that choice but yourself. I wish the best for every single one of you, even those who have hurt me. With my last breath, i leave the world behind, but i’ll continue to think of my loved ones until that moment. 
 

