It doesn't get better, just some people learn to tolerate it better. I'm sick of tolerating.I'm gonna preface this with that im a 25M and have been in and out of therapy and counseling for years. I've done the therapy, i've taken the pills, I've talked to friends, but it never gets better. I feel like i've about made great strides in my mental health, but at the end of the day every stride I've made I'd find another way to sabotage myself. after high school and college, I was told that i needed to be more active to help myself, and I've even had a pretty good time doing it. I've been training BJJ and muay thai for  6 years thinking that it's just another step in helping my brain. But after all the training is done I'm still nothing more than a fly on the wall, nobody even remembers my name. I feel as though there's this big extended family that everybody else is apart of that i'm never in. After the adrenaline runs off, i realize this hasn't helped me at all, just distracted me from my problems and helped me lose a few pounds.

I been telling myself for years that I can never allow myself to be in a romantic relationship, and it's not without good reason. I suffer from depression, Bipolar disorder, OCD, as well as krohns disease. I feel as though i have nothing to offer in a relationship, and that even if i could make someone happy just by being there, it doesn't change the damage i could do later on. I feel like a ticking time bomb, and i'm trying not to let anybody get hurt when it finally goes off. so now I'm 25 and have never had a girlfriend, never even really tried, so it feels even harder to even get into a relationship.

I only had 2 friends to count on, and the one i thought i could trust with my life to acts like i don't exist because he "Doesn't have any tiime". This is the person who stuck by as he Cheated on his wife with a married woman and ended 2 marriages so he could fuck her in the ass. I stood by him because i thought he was my friend, only to find that even when I'm suicidal that he doesn't even have enough time to call me back. It was very obvious at that point that our friendship was merely convenient for him, and that i was just another useful idiot. my other friend is not somebody i would feel i could even trust. our friendship is held together my weed and videogames, and honestly both dont seem to do much for me anymore. We get along just fine, but he's not somebody i could ever feel like i could actually talk about the shit im going through.

The fucked thing is how complacent about everything i am now. I used to get so worked up about everything emotionally, and now i find myself just feeling too tired and run down to give a fuck about feeling sad anymore. I've gone from shitty dead end job to shitty dead end job and the one opportunity find i get disqualified from the job due to my mental health record. I was worked up over it for an hour or 2, but now it seems cruelly comedic how they strung me along for weeks in the hiring process. Normally, i'd be emotional even typing this, but it just feels like my life is reaching it's natural conclusion, like killing myself is just another part of the script i need to act out.

I feel like a failure because i'm back to living with my mom after losing my job during covid. I feel like a failure for never finishing college, i feel like I don't deserve to be loved, even by my family. All the joy has been sapped out of the things i used to like doing. I'm sick of being told that if i keep working hard that eventually "it gets better". I've been actively trying to improve my life for years and it just seems to be getting harder. I feel like no matter what i do, I've been destined since birth to end it on my own terms, like a sort of cosmic justice for crimes of another life.

I just want it all to be over, that i could finally go into a deep sleep and never come out.