Die from the skies by small planeSo I'm 48. Very successful. Attractive. Married. Wife adores me but I have no feelings for her or anything. I've been depressed my entire life. Tried all the doctors with their pharma anti depressants. Even tried recreational drugs to get by these last 10 years.. Helped till tolerance buil3and they stopped working. 

No kids and no parents to worry about. No real friends. Depression just ruined this life. Thsts all. I accept it. Some people get cancer or other illness and pass away. 

When I was 12 years old I was  interested in airplanes. Dad was a aerospace engineer. He's gone 20 years.

I have been very successful. Own my own home outright in California and many rental properties. Net worth around 10 million.. Money never made me happy. Once bought a  Lamborghini on a whim thinking it would bring joy but didn't so I kept in garage 3 years then sold it. I have no desire. No interest in sex. Had opportunity for other women but no desire. 

Im not like the story of a, loser that feels unloved or inferior so that's why he hates his life . I quite love myself and have been told I'm very attractive. So I got all this good going for me but my brain is sick with depression. Depression is a  slow painfull tortured existence. Only the depressed can understand. 

I guess it's like any other illness just mental and goes on and on. Better to get cancer and die than suffer from depression for 20 years.

I've decided I don't wanna live much longer with this illness. I don't wanna be found hanging in a garage or something unpleasant like an overdose or gunshot and those methods are not 100%
So I'm gonna take 2 years and get my private pilots license. Thrn either just buy a, small plane go for a solo flight. Maybe take some pills and alcohol to numb myself then crash into a hillside or mountain.

This way people will say he died doing something he loved. He died with passion. That's better than being remembered as a loser that hung himself in his garage

Does this sound bizarre?