Just wanted to be honestUm, hi.

I just created this account so I could tell *someone* what's really going on.

My spouse has been disabled for about 10 years. I have been the caretaker.  It has been a real struggle, physically, and of course financially.  We once were both capable, contributing members of society, active in our community.  We still get to be, sometimes.

But about a year and a half ago, my body broke down and couldn't take doing it all any more.  It took months to be able to get out and see friends again.

I got a promising new job that turned out to be not as advertised, and then my boss tried to make me lie on the billing statements.  I got a much better job with awesome people at an awesome company... But I fear I'm not cut out for it. The anxiety of approaching businesses and calling people is severely stressful.

My medical problems have gotten severe.  I had three surgeries within a month, have permanent hearing loss, and there is something else wrong that my doctor is now sending me to a specialist for.  I have very little insurance.  I have no income.  I have been bed-ridden for months now, in constant pain, weak, dizzy, unable to focus. 

I have been unable to work, or visit friends, or go out and have fun.  I am terribly lonely.  I feel guilty for being a burden on my precious spouse.  I feel guilty for not working.  I feel guilty for not even being able to cook a meal or do some dishes. This evening, I tried to make the simplest chicken salad ever: open a can of canned chicken, scoop into a bowl, stir in mayo.  My hand shook so much, I dropped the can, upside-down, on that crack between the stove and counter.  My son had to pull the stove out and clean it up while I sat down and tried to remain conscious and not vomit.

 I know it's not my "fault," but I'm currently a terrible friend who can't offer the things that friends do, like conversation and spending time together.  I can feel all of my friendships slipping away, and there's nothing I can do about it.

I want to cry out for help, but that seems inappropriate on facebook or whatever.  I don't know what to ask for.  With medical bills and no work, money is a huge problem.  I miss my friends keenly. I wish they would visit, but I would be MORTIFIED if they saw my home.  It's a wreck, it's filthy, it's shameful.

I feel like I'm drowning, like I'm a burden, and like I'm useless.  I really just want off this ride. I want it to end.  I don't want to be a burden.  I don't want to be *useless*.

The only thing keeping me here is the knowledge that it would break my beloved's heart.  And that it would do the same to my widowed mother, even the knowledge that I feel this way would make her worry, and I don't want that.

It's like they're being held hostage for my compliance... "Stay alive and we won't hurt them."

But I'm hurting them financially by being alive.

 Sorry for the choppiness of this post.  I am usually eloquent, but this is the best I can do now apparently.

Thanks for listening.