Best friend has no support from his brothers, and parents are not really his favorite people.Some background info: Me (16) and friend (17) in question are both depressed. I got hospitalised last month, and I'm now dealing with SRS evaluations of my parental units. My friend (I'll call him Andy) also deals with his existentialist issues. His father is old-fashioned, and his mother is psycho and abusive. Andy has three brothers, 17, 15, and 8 years old. more info can be given if requested

So this morning, I took Andy to the counselor's office because he had an onslaught of depressing thoughts and such last night that made me very concerned about him. The counselor later called his mother (dad is out of town) about this because it was serious enough to get medical attention. Long story short, he went to the psychiatric hospital down the street from our school to get his mental health assessed. Note that even if the docs say he should stay for a while, parents are not required to follow the advice. Anyways, I'm pretty sure he was admitted (because he's not online) but I'll have confirmation tomorrow whether or not he shows up to school or not. I asked both his brothers (not the youngest one, duh) how he was doing, and the twin was like, "He's being over dramatic, its starting to piss me off." and the other was like, "He just needs to work it off and not think about it." and then completely disregards what I try to tell him because he thinks my experiences "cloud my judgement." It's so frustrating. He doesn't understand how Andy can be depressed but then shoots down everything I say.  And Andy's parents. They've never had a good relationship and he also requested to go to the hospital with the SRO instead of his mother. He really doesn't like them, and his father was already in denial about the whole depression thing. His mother is worse.

So my question is, should I keep trying to get his brothers to care, or is it a lost cause? And when he returns society (no contact to the outside at the hospital where he probably is), how can I help my best friend feel like he's not alone even though his brothers don't want anything to do with this?