I can't see the point in living anymore...?I'm 23. I got a law degree at a reasonable university. After getting that degree I realised that for the previous 8 or 9 years (since I was 14) I had been a slave to my own viciously circular thoughts. I had always known it but generally tried to push it to the side. Pretty much everyday I would find myself evaluating the human situation and the value of certain decisions. It always left me thinking that everything is subjective and comes down to a personal account of what is "good" and "fulfilling". I had been in and out of depression because of these thoughts. They had controlled me. So I decided to channel them, and actually study the mechanisms that allow me to have these thought. I read Darwin, I started studying neuroscience, cognitive psychology, I really wanted to understand *why* I had all of these thoughts, what part of human nature allowed for them, and what made me so damn depressed about them. But it was inevitably this study that led me right back into depression. I found that I couldn't put a value on **anything** anymore. Everything seemed so ridiculously perplexing, like the answers aren't supposed to be known. All of my thoughts were circular. I'd seek fulfilment in one area and then realise that inevitably it wouldn't lead to any significant outcome (mainly because I find it very hard to define "good"). I guess studying philosophy aswell wasn't a great help.

I don't really know what I'm getting at here, I just typed a whole lot of words. I feel like I need to say this to someone, but kind of feel like the communication is redundant in a way. I wouldn't say I'm *suicidal* (although I have thought about it- but who hasn't?) but I'm just in a stationary state right now and don't know where to go. I have my law degree but have a hard time envisaging myself finding any real sense of self-worth down that career path, let alone *any* career path at all. It just seems so hard to find meaning in a material world...