Advice For Those In NeedHey, so I’m new to this page. I found it because (shockingly) I’ve tried to end things for myself before in the past (3 times actually) 

For context, i struggled with depression growing up and in high school the cracks began to show. This was glossed over with activities and with the hope life would get better. And it did for a little bit. But then i got to college and all my support systems that had been made disappeared. No friends. No parents. No one to talk to. I tried to be “strong” and forge onward ignoring my problems. 

Between school, work, transportation, and homework I didn’t take care of myself. I also had two people dear to me pass away and my mother was diagnosed with cancer (twice). My mental state eventually collapsed and i starved myself in my room - I quit my job, I didn’t go to class, I ignored my homework, my family was pressuring me to finish and fighting with me as I hid my mental state. I never left my bed for 3 days - no food, only water. I wanted to die and for the meaningless rat race to end.

I wish I could say things got better for me and I pulled things together, but things still got worse. I dropped out and started doing work where I could find it and still do to this day. Everyday I think of my failures and the hopelessness that is my future. I live with my mom, my dad has never really been around, and when he was, he was often high - like all the time. I wont go on, but shits never been stable in my household. 

To summarize. I think about suicide probably for a week and a half - two weeks every month or so, depending what’s going on. My latest attempt was again by starvation, but it passed and I started to eat again.

Im not sure of the rules or if this will get removed, but i implore anyone who has taken the time to read this. If you are in a dark place and want to end things I know there is little anyone can do to pull you out of it. The darkness has to let us go first before we’re allowed to leave. And it doesn’t have the courtesy to tell us when it plans on letting go. - my point. These thoughts DO pass.

I encourage anyone who is thinking of ending things to consider starving yourself as opposed to taking more immediate measures

REASON BEING: you can change your mind at any moment. Drink water, get electrolytes, rest. And continue to live another day. This is a battle and fight to survive. It’s your battle and you need to recognize and remember your victories.
Am i proud that I’ve done this? No. 

Am I proud that I’ve survived? You bet. And it does make you stronger. You have an Achilles heel, but you ARE stronger for having these experiences. You have a perspective few others have. And that is something to be cherished and to share with others. 

I don’t know why I wrote this. Maybe it’s for me? But I know there’s a lot of pain in this world and some carry a heavier load than others. Be kind and reach out. Take care of one another.