What would happen to my cats?I’m sorry if this is some way not allowed or wrong to post here, I just didn’t know where else to post these thoughts. 

Sometimes I get seriously overwhelmed with the desire to just end it. I have enough meds from a serious spinal condition in the house that I could. If I wanted. 

I don’t have many people in my life; my partner, my parents and two siblings, and one best friend are all I have. And I love them, but I feel I am a burden to them. Like, they could do better if I just wasn’t in the way. 
I was the mistake child, (my mother told me many times growing up. They weren’t ready for a child when I came along, and she didn’t find out soon enough to terminate. My parents waited another ten years to have my siblings since they were then ready to be parents... just a shame they already had an 11 year old. At least I was a live in baby sitter, right?) My parents already pretend I don’t exist when meeting new people. I’ve bumped into so many friends of my parents who are shocked that my parents have a third, older child that they’ve never heard of. Guess it helps that I live away from home. 
And my partner could do so much better than some depressed cripple who can’t get a good job despite two university degrees (and all of the debt that comes with them.) Stuck in a dead-end job that pays just enough to pay my half of the bills while draining my energy to the point were I wonder what will kill me first; my health, my job, or me? He could do so much better. 
I know the people in my life would probably miss me, and I feel guilty when I think about what my death would put them through but this overwhelming feeling of being unwanted and useless just convinces me that they’d be better off in the long run. 

But my cats... I always pause when I’m actively considering just removing myself from the equation because I wonder what would happen to them. Who would look after them? Would they get to snuggle up with my partner like they do with me? Would they get fed on time? Who would remember when they need to be wormed or brushed or even just have their noses kissed? Would they be ok? Would they miss me? 

What would happen to my cats?