Searching for answers, just discovering more questions.I'm very tired. I am tired of questioning every aspect of my life, thinking an answer will lead to some kind of "breakthrough," but answers only open up more questions, confusing me more.

I've been self-destructive lately. I've taken risks I know I should not take. I've been driving without my usual caution, drinking has become more common, and I started smoking cigarettes just to get out of my fucking head. 

I think I'm freaking people out, as I've been more open about the suicidal thoughts. They don't take it well and everyone always tells me to stop talking like that. I don't want that, I want someone to understand. Stop telling me not to do it and tell me you understand why I want to. Just listen, make me feel accepted and not like a freak.

The cycling, the constant ups and downs. No stability, no feeling of control. I like to think that I entertain suicide as a way to take control, but honestly I just like it. I don't think there is a lot of meaning to why we are here. I don't believe in fate, destiny...I don't believe in some ultimate plan or a caring overseer. I don't fault those that do believe in those things...but I cannot do it. I've tried. I've dipped my toes in many different streams, but I think I'm just ready to drown. I don't want to hear that I am acting like a coward and to be reminded that I will hurt everyone around me. You don't think I know that?! You don't think I feel EXTREMELY selfish? THAT DOES NOT HELP ME. 

I've tried to discuss this with my doctor and my therapist, but I get dangerously close to getting sent to a hospital. I don't need to be coddled like a child, told that I am defective, and be "taken care of" by people who do not understand mental illness. It makes me feel lonely, I just want to be with someone who understands...well, understands and is actually willing to walk beside me, holding my hand when I need it, but pushing me when I feel stuck. I guess that kind of sounds like coddling, but I know the difference. I feel like I am wasting my time trying to explain it.

 No death tonight, I don't think...but I constantly feel it lingering, just waiting to hug me and let this all be over with.

I'm starting to feel stupid and I don't want to sound melodramatic...I'll stop typing. I'll try to chill out. I think I'll sit on my porch and watch the sun go down.