Another post.I feel bad for posting here twice in a few days.. I couldn't bring myself to thank the two kind folk that tried helping me. I feel horrible..


I'm going to say the silliest, most ridiculous thing. Please don't judge. I'm usually a tough ass person. But suicidal thoughts make me a softy..


I wanted ice cream today. A milkshake to be exact. I asked my SO to go with me, but he is too anxious and gave a half-hearted "okay". That means it's much better for him to stay home. I care for his well-being, so I chose to not drag him out of his comfort zone. But honestly, it broke my fucking heart. After such an awful day, I just wanted some company and a milkshake. It was the first hot day of the year, too. It felt so right, but my timing never lines up with the world around me.


I just want to sleep, though I keep having nightmares. I have dreams of me killing someone, or someone murdering me. I have dreams of haunted, fucked up, scary as fuck houses where dogs are on fire and demons wait in the darkness. I have dreams of trying to run away from danger, but I fall over with every step - over and over and over again. I almost always wake up with sore teeth and painful jaw. I don't sleep well. To add to it, I think I messed up my hormones this month by drinking a few soy products. I have a really sensitive body and because of that, it is very easy to notice when I'm not in balance. This lack of balance plus the stress isn't good.


Tomorrow is my food stamps phone interview. The past 4 times that I applied, I asked them to call past noon (I don't get sleep, people..) and they called at 8:00am on the dot. I missed all those calls because of my anxiety &amp; depression. I can't wake up to a phone interview where someone tries to convince me that I don't qualify for food assistance when I am hungry, homeless, depressed, anxious and suicidal. It was not my choice to be this way.. I'm not trying to scam the system of a measly $100/month. I could steal more than $100 of food in a month if I wanted to, but I'm trying to be a good/normal person and am going through the effort of asking the system to help me out a little bit before stooping so low. I am so tired of being this anxious. I am tired of feeling attacked by everyone. I am tired of being hungry.


I feel like I'm at a serious breaking point. My POS dad once told me I've threatened to kill myself since I was 8. Even though he is a liar, I can't remember a time in my life where I didn't want to end it all. He might have been telling the truth. That means that for 16 years I have wanted to die. I don't ever see that changing.