Just why.Sometimes I do kinda just wanna die. Not in a big old extravagant spectacle but just drift off somewhere some day and leave a question mark and be done with it.

This planet isn't getting any better and I'm not getting any happier or healthier or younger. Wheres the incentive. Like, really. Smart people need meaning, I'm not hanging my life up on faith or vague feelings of hope or something. Like, what is a concrete thing that I can say right now to myself "see, there you go man, that's a perfectly sound reason to stick around"?

I know what's stopping me from doing it of course, it's a no brainer that I care about other people and I wouldn't want to know they're suffering, but if you really boil it down, beyond the social contract and emotional noise, what is there to actually be upbeat about.

Who of us is living life with all the vigor and wide eyed cyriosity of a newborn fawn except naive kids who are going to have a nasty time of it. 

This isn't Disney dream hour. People die alone in nursing homes in their 90s and their children couldn't give a shit. They may as well never have existed at all. Do you know their names? If you did would you step in and make their life livable, you - a complete stranger? I think we both know the answer to that one. We're all busy with other things when we need to be. All very tedious. 

People talk a good game about hope and joy and mindfulness and all that peak experience stuff, and granted yes, sure, there are moments where things are quite beautiful and profound and troubles seem an ocean away, but there is also an inescapable dull ache of meaningless drivel undercytting a good 80% of the whole thing. Just a background noise of meaningless shit and social niceties and performing for each other and escaping into distraction and sleep, and then acting like there's something been achieved somewhere amongst that. 

It's a lot like listening to good music then pulling your headphones out to be met with mild tinnitus and a silent train carriage of strangers who would laugh at your death if the attached meme was funny enough.

The very act of writing this on as classy a site as reddit of all places is just so absurd it's beyond me. It's all memes and wank and falseness on here so what's a little radical honesty every so often besides a bit of piss in your cornflakes reminding you other people exist.

If Jesus came back this decade he'd off himself within the first day. To say otherwise is delusional.

We've done a real bang up job of making existence as grating and dehumanising as possible for each other hey. We wear our soft rodent cowardice on our sleeves. 

Anyway here's another song to pass your time. https://youtu.be/rjdQwZSfoKQ

Don't get excited as I'm not going to be doing anything about it. I'm as much a coward as the rest of you on that front so don't panic. 

But really. Give me some halfway intelligent reasons to stick at this ridiculous and exhausting slog.