Thinking logically, I'm pretty sure I have to kill myself, let me explain.I will try to make this as short as possible so everybody can read/respond. I 24(m) have always had issues with depression and anxiety. I never even had close to a girlfriend before and never thought I would. My story starts in 2011. I am 20 years old and in a very depressing point in my life. No suicidal thoughts but extremely depressed just about life in general. That all changes in the summer of 2011. I meet a beautiful girl at a hotel on the beach at a job I got during the summer in between college semesters. She also worked at the hotel. My whole view on life changed after meeting this girl, she was like my savior. She was the nicest, prettiest girl who relieved me of all my anxiety and depression. My family loved her, she was best friends with my mom, everything about this relationship was great besides one thing. The only way she could stay in the country was if I married her. I promised her I would marry her one day because I knew for sure that she was the one. We are in a relationship for over 4 years and she is getting very homesick and is also here illegally so she cant work very good jobs. I am still very young and was a little nervous to get married so i kept putting it off and putting it off thinking that I had my whole life to get married. Eventually she cant take it anymore, she gets sick of the empty promise of marriage, she leaves me and marries someone else at her job. This  drove me crazy. I literally could not sleep, eat, work, do anything besides pace back and forth thinking about her with this guy and how fucking stupid I was to not just marry her and take care of her so she could be in my life forever. She was the best thing to ever happen to me. I am not even religous but I prayed everynight during our relationship for God to keep her safe and keep her in my life because I knew how lost I would be without her. I called and texted her all day everyday for 4 years making sure she was safe because I knew I couldnt afford to lose her. The crazy thing is I did everything to keep her safe and in my life besides the one thing that would have actually kept her safe and in my life which would be to marry her. This happened 8 months ago. Fast forward to today and I lost my dream job because my depression made my work performance terrible. I lost my apartment and had to move back home. I had to stay in a mental hospital for 2 weeks because my parents found a suicide note in my room. My brain tortures me every day with thoughts about her sleeping with this guy and traveling the world with him. He looks like the hero because he married her and got her a green card so she could be legal and go see her family. While I look like the idiot jerk who led her on for 4 years without marrying her. She told me if I really loved her I would have married her, it kills me because she will never know how much she meant to me. I was always on the verge of just getting it over with and marrying her to keep her safe but just kept putting it off until she fell out of love and found someone else. She is long gone. She changed her number, deleted her email, moved out of state with this guy and I will never see her again. The girl that changed and maybe even saved my life 4 years ago is the reason why I want my life to end today. Everyday I wake up feeling sick to my stomach like this is some cruel joke or nightmare. I hate myself for letting this person and moment in time pass me by. I have seen therapists, gone on 3 different antidepressants and sleeping pills but nothing helps. Every day is the same nightmare over and over. I would rather be dead than have to be tortured by my brain every day about thoughts of her and this guy together knowing that it could and should have been me if I had just manned up and grabbed the moment by the balls and married her. Life is not enjoyable anymore and I would rather be dead than have to think about this for the rest of my life combined with the fact that I will never see her again and the best years of my life are already behind me. 

edit: and yes I understand her motivation was to get married to stay in the country but she really was the nicest girl ever and deserved it. She gave me more than enough time and it was completely my fault she left thats why it kills me so much. They were by far the best 4 years of my life and it drives me crazy if I had just seized the moment I could have potentially had a lifetime of happiness but instead Im clinically depressed living in my parents basement unemployed while she is out traveling the world with another guy. Everyday i feel sick and am in pain, nobody wants to die but I feel like its the only option to get stop the pain. 