I made a lot of bad choices and I'm getting closer to suicide every day.I lost my career in the military due to cutbacks, but I could have avoided it if I had just studied harder for WAPS. I liked my job and I was good at it. I chose to stay in Germany with my awesome wife who I had a lot in common with and got along really well with. It ended up being really hard, I worked a bad job for little pay for a little while with the Germans. My wife and I started fighting all the time because work had me never home and I wasn't bringing in enough money. The fighting became so bad that it got us evicted from our place, and then we moved into a place that we couldn't afford. I lost the job because they wouldn't give me enough free time. Then, I got into drugs and they really messed me up. I became emotional, flipping between explosively angry or so sad that I was crying, both of which weren't normal for me. They made me extremely paranoid and impulsive as well. I looked at my Reddit post history recently from that time period and I couldn't believe what I saw. I posted a lot of crazy stuff that didn't even make sense, I deleted it all so don't bother checking. I got into a bad fight one day with her about drugs, she wanted me to slow down. I was in denial and got really angry. I asked her for 30 minutes space but instead she grabbed me and yelled at me... so explosively angry me punched her in the face. I have a lot of regret for this. She moved out for a while. Then I made things worse... I cheated on her with a prostitute and then told her about it, and I told her I missed my ex because she was better... pretty hurtful shit that I hate myself for now. Miraculously we almost worked things out. She suggested that it was the drugs that were making me crazy and that I wasn't myself, and that she'd stay with me again if I cleaned up and got some mental help for a bit. So I stopped the drugs and agreed to get help. But she changed her mind and didn't come back on the day she said I would. I completely lost it. The doctors said I had drug induced schizophrenia even though I had been off of them for days. Like I said, the drugs made me crazy, even when I wasn't high. The police took me away and found the drugs in my house.  
  
I got locked up in a mental institution for 2 months, followed by jail. That was really hard, especially with the language barrier. Wife put an 8 month restraining order on me. They sent me back to America without her and said I had to do drug counseling. I lost literally everything I had. Wife, dirt bike, drums, car, PC, furniture, clothes, everything. In America, I stayed clean and landed a job across the country making 54,000/yr due to the experience I had in the military. Great! But I only worked for 2 days because I couldn't handle it. They were all assholes and they expected me to learn everything in a month and then I was going to be on my own and I knew I wasn't capable of it. I had a bunch of anxiety and after work on that second day, I tried to kill myself. Failed, obviously. Then I almost got a gun but my license didn't come in the mail in time before my landlady kicked me out and I left the state to live with my parents again. If it wasn't for that I'd be dead now. My parents are treating me like shit. They took away my PS4 and they won't let me out of the house to go to bars or clubs or anything like that. I can't afford it anyways, because my savings is almost gone after buying a car and I'm still unemployed. I also don't have much of a desire to go out, nothing seems fun anymore. They're constantly making snarky remarks about me being lazy, worthless, they're bringing up the mistakes I made and I think they might kick me out soon. I miss my wife.    
  
I have no desire to work, to live anymore, to find a new girl, to do anything fun. Nothing makes me happy and life is looking pointless. I found a way to kill myself that's 98% effective and I'm really considering going through with it.