I fucked up...I'm only 16 years old, and I'm not strong enough to deal with this on my own. My girlfriend (14) of 3 months and I broke up a couple nights ago. I know 3 months isn't long, but I swear I really loved her. We were doing great before she left on a cruise for a week. We fought a lot for the first 2 months, but we were doing better. She came back and was acting different. She said she had "changed" and didn't feel like herself anymore. I tried to give her space but I couldn't. We talked and she told me that she wasn't good enough for me. She said I deserved somebody who treated me better and didn't drink or cut herself. She said she didn't want to hurt me anymore. I thought she was just having a bad day. The next night, we were talking and she broke up with me over text. A fucking text message after 3 months of dating. I told myself that I was fine. That I knew it was coming. But this morning I broke down and called her. I said I just needed to hear her voice and that I loved and missed her. She said she loved me too. She posted something on twitter later that said "I could never apologize enough for my actions but lol. It was so worth it ;)". There was also a post on Facebook of some guy from her cruise kissing her on the cheek. I snapped. I accused her of cheating on me and said that I had no respect for her if she wouldn't admit it. She flipped out. She told me that she would never do that to me, that her tweet wasn't directed at me. I can't explain it, but somehow I know she was telling the truth. I accused her of cheating AND lying about it. I apologized so much, but you can't take that back. I called her and told her I was sorry, that I was worthless and stupid. She said "I know." I said I love her. She said "I loved you too." Past tense. I told her I hated myself as much as she hated me, she told me that was impossible. I said I was sorry. She said it was okay, but that things would never be the same between us again. I cried. I smoked a pack of cigarettes for the first time in god knows how long. I'm too much of a bitch to cut myself, so I just burned my arm all over with the cigarette butts. Her best friend called me to tell me it was going to be okay. I told her I was going to kill myself and she cried. I said I was sorry and that I didn't mean it. But I did. I think. I don't know. When I was on the phone with my ex girlfriend she said that my hurting her was in the past and that she just hoped I never do it to anyone else. I'm gonna make sure I can never hurt anyone else again.