So I need some anonymous people to listen to my rantSooooo thank you for sorting new first of all, I’m someone who’s far in the hole. I’ve stopped caring about how people will care when I’m dead, sure they’ll be sad, Theyll mourn, they’ll cry, they’ll probably even end up with a internal dialog worse then mine, but they’ll get better. They’ve been through worse, and they’ll continue going through worse and worse things. Why’d I be different? I mean sure, I’m friends with people, I’m the first son, I’m the guy people can turn to and just let shit out and I’m the guy who’ll do everything in his power to try to fix it. But I can’t keep going feeling like I’m doing everything wrong, I can’t keep going thinking I’m letting my gf down, I can’t keep going counting the days before she starts doing shit with other people - thinking about ending it with me, I can’t deal with the heartbreak I’d feel knowing this is the happiest I’ll feel with someone and have them step on me. Do I deserve it? Sure. But do I want it? Hell no. Would I be surprised? Not even alittle. Recently I’ve been wanting to drink, I want that kick of something strong and not remember the night beforehand. I don’t want to remember half the shit that I do. Is it selfish? hell yeah. Most of what my moms told me is the reason I’m turning to a bunch of people reading through reddit at 2300 when they have a exam in the morning. (Go tf to sleep, god knows I want to.) I’m only here because I keep going back and forth on whether I want to take people with me or just goto sleep. I wish someone could hold me and make it better, but I know that’s not how that works way to well. Eating’s getting scarce, no appetite anymore. Schools suffering, (teacher deadass told me to give up xd) my motivation is gone, I don’t enjoy anything I do anymore, and I feel like I’m far too gone. Been feeling that way sense 6th grade. Uhhhhhh other then that, I just want to do enough shit that I can’t feel anything anymore. Thank you for reading, I’ll update as needed. Those of you feeling the same way, don’t follow my example, you have people who love you. I love you. Gimme a smooch 😘
Thank you for reading through this. The pins in my head are digging deeper and deeper, so I’m gonna bawl my eyes out. Ttyl