I haven't been this low in a long timeThese past couple weeks have been bad for me.  Online sports betting is eating away at me.  Maybe a month ago I somehow was in the positive after years of being down.  I guess I was just on a lucky run or something.  I thought I had finally been able to beat the books but I was dead wrong.  I've been drinking heavily for a while now (In the past I frequented /r/cripplingalcoholism but haven't lately).  Today I'm going to get beyond blackout drunk.  Just drink myself into stupidity and forgetfulness.  I've had suicidal problems before.  4 times I've wanted to die.  Unfortunately a girl who I was with (all 4 times) was directly involved... I don't blame her, it's on me.  The first was actually before we started dating (she had a bf at the time) but we were close.  I had a soccer game and went up for a headball and an opponent took my legs out and I went down head first.  All I remember is spins and the world twirlng.  This was my 3rd concussion but the worst.  I was supposed to hangout with her afterwards but for some reason she cancelled.  I had a bottle of tylenol and that night I was waking up often and would always take some.  I think through the course of the night I had maybe 30 but everytime I took more I was hoping I wouldn't wake up.  The next time the following New Years and we were alone in her sisters apartment.  I got mad at something and wanted to leave.  She didn't want me to of course and tried to prevent me.  Eventually I ran off and went into a nearby forest.  I remember banging my head against a tree hoping it would knock me out and I would just freeze forever.  I wasn't able to do it.... her mom was an OT and wanted her to break up with me but for me to get help first.  She went with me to the emergency counselor the following day and I was prescribed Prozac.  About a year later (this one is the foggiest as I was evne more drunk than on the new years) but she came to visit me (we were long distance 500km during university) on my bday.  We were fighting and I swallowed whatever was in the Prozac.  I remember drinking charcoal and that was the extent of it.  The 4th time was the worst.  I started gambling heavy about 2 years into our relationship and I usually put that before her.  I had gone broke but was living off an allowance from my parents but never got away from gambling.  Anyways, she stayed with me for another year and then she really started to separate.  Long story short I knew I was losing her and drove the 500km to try to keep her.  I got to her residence and broke down crying and went to my knees.  The next thing I remember is sitting on her bed and she told me that she was getting close to another guy (she later said that she meant as friends but they dated about a year after...) and then I remember her walking me out of the rez building and I had a feeling of euphoria for some reason.  Like I was finally free and going to live the best life ever and it was going to be great without her.  I started driving and have never felt more down.  I remember thinking about how I could finally go and decided the best way was to go into a transport truck (2 lane highway between Sudbury and Parry Sound) I guess if anyone considers my story fake it was actually 454km between McMaster and Laurentian (where I went and where she went) I knew the drive inside and out as I had done it often when we first started dating.  I don't remember much of the first 140km but I d remember turning the wheel into an oncoming transport truck.  If anyone cares heres a before and after picture.  http://i.imgur.com/AJCfu.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/jnQV9.jpg

Ya I somehow lived through that in 2005.  That was my first vehicle the Mazda b2200 and that's my mom and dad.  After this happened I realized for the first time how much they truly loved me and ever since then I haven't wanted to put them through it again.  I often didn't care if the roof fell on me and killed me but I told myself I wouldn't try to do it again.  Lately I've wanted too.  They are now snowbirds (fly to Florida for the winter) and I'm living in their house alone.  I don't have friends here and ther than reffing indoor soccer I have nothing better to do.  I do have one really close friend but she is at school in Toronto... I miss her.. I don't know, I guess I'm trying to ask for a friend or something.  I likely won't be killing myself today but I just want someone to talk to.  Thanks for reading and at least my drinking has slowed down since writing this.