A waste of everything and a washed up failureapologies in advance for lack of capitalization. 

I'm a junior in high school, and I hate absolutely everything about myself. to the world, I'm an honor student that's involved in just about everything, but I don't think I amount to anything. I'm no honor student; I currently have a D and an F and my parents are doing everything they can to make sure I remember it. I would try to fix it but the fact of the matter is when I do start to study, I get so unmotivated because deep down I just know I won't get better. it doesn't help that every time I do badly, I am told that I'll just go to community college. all my friends are exceedingly smart, and they think I am too when really I'm just a dumb piece of shit. 

another thing: I've started playing league of legends recently. I've had so much fun with it, but I'm absolute shit at that too. every game I play awfully and every game I'm flamed and told to kill myself, and when I respond saying that I really do think of it they never believe it, of course. 

that leads me into my next point: I think I'm a sensitive little shit that cares too much about everything and I let everything hurt me.  I can't take the slightest bit of criticism or any negative comments because of the way I've been built up over the years, and I just cry over everything. I don't just cry over everything, I also bottle everything up. I've never told anyone any of this because I know I'm just a burden to everyone and I don't want to bother anyone. 

also, I don't know if I have depression. according to the symptoms I do, but I haven't gone to someone that could diagnose me officially. I desperately want to go, but my parents would likely say that I'm just being ridiculous and that I'm overreacting. 

also, I'm sincerely very sorry. my situation isn't really much of a situation at all, and when I look at other posts on here I realize that I'm just a pathetic crybaby that has no real issues. I guess this is just a waste of a post, just like I think I'm a waste of breath, time, matter, and life. 