i just feel like my life isn't worth livingidk. it's not even an irrational impulsive thought like it usually is when i get suicidal. i've had an okay day, i'm not feeling exceptionally horrible, it's just... i'm stuck with my thoughts. my mom knows my friends brother is trans and keeps talking bad about him saying he's creepy and shit and i'm closeted ftm and i'm gay on top of it so its just making me wonder. i have to choose between living a lie all my life or cutting off my family and living life how i want, just lonely and guilty. i mean, no one really needs me around. my boyfriend has SOME decent family, he's got a few siblings who care about him and he's a great guy so he'd find someone better in no time. maybe he'd find someone better than me, maybe he'd find a nice straight girl so he didn't have to listen to me cry about my dysphoria all the time and he wouldn't have to feel bad for me. he deserves so much better than me and i feel like i'm just dragging him down. 

all my best friends would be happier without me venting to them all the time too. sure we've had some fun times but those would go right out the window once i cut my family off. once i'm all alone again. i don't think living is worth it anymore. i'm uncertain as to what i'm supposed to do with my life right now. i know i'm only 17 so everyone tells me, get out and enjoy life while you can, but i can't when all i want is to lay in a highway. i'll never be the person i want to be. it's the smallest things that tear me up. i see other trans guys the same as cis guys if not just a little easier to talk to since we have something in common, but when it comes to me all i see is fakeness. all i see is someone who will never know who he is and someone who will never be "real". i wish i could be what everyone wants me to be. i wish i could pretend to live my life as a good perfect little girl but i vomit in my mouth every time i try to treat myself like i am. 

i just want to forget for a while. like i know i probably won't make it to 20, all the scholarships and all the extra things i do to try to get in a good college won't be worth it because i'll kill myself out of guilt or out of hatred for myself by that age, but i'm doing it anyway because i like pretending maybe one day it'll all clear up. people tell me that i still have time but really my life is coming to its end. i never saw myself able to go into adulthood. i guess i was right. 

i don't really have anyone to talk to about this because everyone wants to be the hero and try to say "tell your family, i'm calling them," and that shit even though they know it'll make it ten times worse. i'm paranoid of telling anyone anything anymore because of it so i suppose that's why i'm just dumping word vomit here. sorry for anyone who read this i know it's not the best or the most grammatically correct, i just needed to get it out there around people who i'd say would understand the best. i might've repeated some stuff or phrased things strangely and i'm sorry for that as well. my mind just isn't in the right place at all and it hasn't been for a while. 