Whiskey and a gun to my head; I know I'm not going to do it, but the off-chance that I could is comforting.I've had about five friends in my life, most close, who have committed suicide. Every single time, although I was sad, I knew why they did it. The last one was a few months ago, and this one was unexpected because the guy had everything going for him. Good looks, great job as a creative director, dressed well, had lots of talent. After it happened, he got a Eulogy on a blog, but otherwise was quickly forgotten about by the world in general. 

It's that general cynicism brought on by how inconsequential he quickly became after he was gone that is starting to get to me. He worked hard to try and make a name for himself, and even still, people moved on and ceased talking about him just days later. Of course we all remember him, like you remember people close to you after they go.

Like him, I work hard to make a name for myself. I've got a good job, good health, a great wife, all the technology I can get my hands on, and a good circle of friends, but I'd pull this trigger in a heartbeat if I wasn't so concerned about letting down my wife, my son, my family, my friends. 

I enjoy life, but as I am progressing through it, I'm starting to see a few truths. While there is most certainly happiness in store, there is a hell of a lot more pain waiting for me. Watching the people I love die, working almost every waking hour to provide for those I care about, and then when not working, squandering my time on shit that is trivial and meaningless. 

What makes me want to pull this trigger are a few very things that are becoming clear to me. One, we are being pit against each other by interests who are using these social sanctions to prevent insurrection. Corporate and political interests get away with this because media pits us against each other. Conservatism vs. Liberalism, Religion vs. Personal Freedom, Young vs. Old and every other matchup you can think of, so that no matter who we are, we have an opposing force to keep us in line. Few seem to see this, and those who do are powerless against it.

Two; I know what I am capable of, both good and bad. I know that I have the potential to make big changes in things around me. Meaningful ones, but whether it is apathy, laziness, or general malaise, I can't seem to take the time to really support any of my efforts. This leads me to believe that in 20 years, I am going to look back in regret at all those things I had the capability of doing, but have never done.

Three; I'm tired. I enjoy life, but I am growing cynical. Cynical of people, horrified at what we have done to each other, other species we share this world with, and what we have done to the planet we live on. It doesn't make me proud to be human....to have accomplished all the amazing things that our species has accomplished....all of it is negated by the majority of people I encounter every day. I know there are quite a few shining examples of humanity out there, and that people are mostly good, but most are oblivious to anything but themselves, and that which directly effects them at any given time.

And it's because of these thoughts (and many more) that I have developed a habit of holding a loaded gun to my head, drinking a glass of whiskey, and thinking about all of these things. I won't pull the trigger this time, as is usual, but I also know that the fact that I find comfort in doing this is a big red flag, and I'm wondering how long it will be until I stack a few more negative thoughts onto this balance, or I'm in a particularly rough mood and squeeze this trigger. Anyhow, to any who have read, apologies for such a long missive. I don't have anywhere else to go with thoughts like these and no one I can talk to about it. I hope I have not brought your evening down, and if I have, let me know, I know of plenty of redeeming things about life as well. 