Lost someone to suicide.This is a lot less urgent than many of the posts here and definitely encourage others getting helped more than me but if anyone's got the extra time I'd love to have some help with grief.

Just last morning I had a goodbye from an online friend who left to commit suicide. For her, life was just always exhausting, such an untrustworthy place, she had such a warped perspective of the world and its people. She had a really hard time opening up at all, trusting anyone what so ever. She hated her family for one reason or another, I recall some unfairness in the household but a lot of it could have also been her own assumptions of the family like what they truly only care about and other such things. Basically putting trust in anyone was worst than death to her, in her own words. Though she trusted only a couple people just a bit more, and I was one of them. 

She was a considerate person despite her problems and was certainly nice, just wary and cautious. I wanted to get to know her more and I just figured it'd take time. Though I didn't talk to her as much as I could have while she was still around. I'd end up going a while without responding because I couldn't think of a proper RolePlay post or just was running on fumes for RP and just chose to get back to it later. Though, now I can't help but regret not spending more time with her. Never figured out her real name, as she was disgusted by it for some reason I figured not to push it. I never figured out where she lived, I couldn't call the police to stop her from doing it.

I had some convincing talks about how I shouldn't feel guilty, like I just didn't try hard enough to save her. That I did all I could do, being just an online friend there isn't much possible. While having some guilt lifted from the grief stopped me from being in a constant crying fit all day and night, the grief still hurts a lot. 

I've never had to deal with a loss of a friend like this, and its made worse when I open up my chat application and have to look at a ghost account sitting in my contacts and recent chats. I don't want to delete them either, I feel that would hurt even worse even in the long run... I just don't know how to deal with this grief when it comes back up and hits me like a truck. I'm deathly afraid of how bad this pain would feel if I had lost someone even closer to me as well if this hurts this bad already.

Sorry for the long drawn out story there. I was just referred here from another reddit I sought any sort of help from while I was in such a manic state of depression, saying you guys don't just handle people who are suicidal but with coping with loss of suicides and such. Sorry if it isn't fully true and I'm wasting text space here but I just need help dealing with these intense episodes of pain and regrets...