If anyone's willing to listen I could really need itAs I'm writing this I don't know what state I'm actually in.
I went drinking with some friends to celebrate the end of our last exam but instead of feeling good, I just got back to my suicidal thought's, and I haven't been at that stage for so long.
I know I'm struggling with my mental help but now I'm just right back in the slump of just not wanting to exist anymore and I don't know how I go from here.

Big part of my insecurities and struggle comes from how I was raised and born, my mom was raped and I'm the outcome. Growing up I always felt some distance between us but never understood why despite her doing everything she could as alone mother but after she told me when I was 13, I instantly realized why.
She struggled a lot and always put my needs infront of anything, but yet she'd say things like "my life used to be so perfect" and basically blame me for everything. She was overworked and worked 2 jobs for many years and all her anger and frustration for her struggles were probably projected to me as an outlet, yet I feel singled out because it's never with my brother.
And I'm happy for it because I practically raised him, considering she worked 8am to 10 pm, I want him the best in the world and beyond. There's an 8 year difference between us, yet I couldn't help but realize the difference in behaviour, never distance between them and never any projected anger.
This continued until I moved out, and there was a lot of arguing and again projectiled anger. 

Yet I'm a rape baby, and the biggest part that screws me over is the thought that if the world was just, I wouldn't be here. I'm an outcome of an unfair world. 

There was also an issue because my brothers father, was married to my mom from i was 6-10, and he was abusive both mentally and physically.

So all of that obviously has made me very insecure, yet I somehow still manage to speak a lot, I really speak too much and sometimes I can't shut up. 
I've made many friends of that. 

A part of me knows how it feels like to be rock bottom, and that's why I purposely go out of my way to help people as much as I can. 
I always put people ahead of me, and it's the one thing of my personality I like. 
As long as the people I care about have it good, I can deal with pain, or so I thought. 

In my teens I felt really around despite having many friends, and due to everything and my home life I developed a suicidal mindset, yet I thought I beat it after I got a job at 18, but I didn't as they kept coming back from time to time. 

I shouldn't exist, in a fair world you don't exist. You're ugly, you're nobody all thoughts i kept hearing from time to time 

I remember I went to a party some weeks after I turned 19 and I ended up being taken to ER because I had drunk too much, my friends and I joke about it now however my biggest and darkest secret is that I didn't pass out just because of alcohol. 
I had taken a lot of pills earlier and my plan was to drink and make it seem like I had died of alcohol poisoning. 
I tried committing suicide.
What still haunts me is that in the moments before I completely blacked out, I didn't feel a sweet realese, I just felt pain. 
I just remembered all my pain and feelings and why I came to the point, I didn't feel a realese at all. I remember wanting to just jell and cry because this pain was so much, but my body couldn't react and then I blacked out. 

I was apperantly lucky I didn't die and somehow the doctors never found trace of the pills in my blood. 

I made a promise to myself that'd I'd beat this, I wanted to prove myself wrong and never ever feel like that again. 

However the battle seems forever upwards but it I kept getting better i thought. 
Earlier this year I applied for university and got into my dream field of study , a bit late since I'm 22 but it felt like a massive progressiol. However after moving completely out and being more alone than ever, I finally could think over my past and I had a weak second of a suicidal thought

So I decided to get help, and the help has been nice but I just started realising a feeling I had suppressed. 
I have never been happy with my life. 
I have had happy moments but nowhere at any point in my life have I been actually happy.

Which brings me today, I was going to socialise have fun yet all I could think about was "I don't want to exist" 

In all reality I don't want to die, but it's just that if I do, I won't have these feelings anymore, I just want my pain to go away. 
It hurts, it hurts too much, I don't want it anymore, and I don't know how to deal with it. 

I just want for once in my life smile and say I'm content and I'm happy 
My only dream is to one day have a family, a wife who loves me and kids. 
I don't need to be rich, or make it big, I just want a happy life. 
However each day I get less and less motivated, and each day I feel like I get closer and closer to me just ending up alone, just like it feels like I am. 

And the crazy part here? Because of the blood in my veins, because of who and what my father did, it's that evils persons blood running through me 

It feels like I deserve it. 
Because of the comments my mom has made it feels like I deserve it 
Because of my step dad it feels like I deserve it. 

I don't want this anymore, I just want someone to rip the pain away, I can't handle it. 
22 years worth of pain, I don't want it anymore. 

It hurts too much 

Sorry for the long post if anyone actually reads this