I'm tired of keeping it all to myself.I'll start off by saying to please not give me any pity. I'm not seeking attention. I just have one question that I couldn't get solved on r/drugs despite making five different threads. They all were deleted too fast for someone to answer my question.  

I have severe anxiety, clinical depression, and soul-crushing agoraphobia. I haven't left the house for non-medical related activities in I don't know how long. Five years? Six? I'm a high school drop-out with no GED. I become erratic behind the wheel, so I have no drivers license. I feel as though I'm a failure and a burden to my family, despite their constant reinforcement and unconditional love. I have something called Factor V Leiden, and I only found out about it after I suffered a pulmonary embolism in 2016. I'm one of the youngest people to have one in my state. I'm now on blood thinners for the rest of my life, however long that may be. With all of this combined, I feel as though I'm putting far too much responsibility on my family than is necessary, and I feel ashamed that I can't simply be normal.  

Enough with the sob story. I've been on Xanax for my anxiety attacks for around three years. I don't have an addiction, and I don't think my tolerance is *too* high. I recently had my prescription refilled, and I've taken some of it since then. On an average day I'll take around 3mg, but there are some days where I'll go without it entirely or take within the ballpark of 8mg, but those days are very rare.  

If I was to take 85 1mg tablets of Xanax, would that be enough for me to overdose and die in my sleep? I've done some Googling, and I've seen that Xanax is a difficult drug to overdose with. Apparently some people can take upwards of 1000mg with very little toxicity. Is this just bullshit to attempt to keep people from overdosing?  

I'm far too afraid of doing something that will cause me actual pain, so this is why I choose the option of overdosing. And I'd like to die in my sleep, since it's a peaceful way to pass.  

To those who help people in here on a regular basis: thank you.