I'm not sure what to think about my situation anymoreThis has been happening for a while, but I feel like I suffer from imposter syndrome and I have problem with acceptance. Imposter syndrome is a syndrome which results in an individual who doesn't accept the positive in that person's life as a product of who that person is and their inherent positive qualities.

People have told me since I was a kid that I'm intelligent and what not. However, lately I can't help but feel like I've squandered any gift I may have been given. Everything I've achieved is a result of my laziness just wandering through life without any true potential for an impact.

I never give my full attention to anything, and I always have a B average in anything without trying as much as I should. I'm currently a 3rd year (final) law student, and everything is pretty much the same. However, I can't help but feel like who I am and what I've demonstrated in my life is a clear indication of my failure to the human race.

I'm not depressed and I don't beat myself up over trivial life experiences. This boils down to a simple belief that I've wasted my life. I'm not sure I deserve to live life, if I willingly choose not to contribute in some meaningful way to society. Otherwise I'm just taking up space and harming our future. This may seem like a convoluted conclusion, but I really feel like anything I provide to society is overshadowed by what I take out.

Can I come to the conclusion that I've wasted any potential that I've had and any attempts to reconcile it are meaningless grasps at some sort of a survival mechanism? Why should I endure notions of getting by when I know that I can't provide any wisdom?  

I have many positive things in my life, but these are balanced against the conclusions that I've reached. Should I cheat those I love the most? Should I be the type of person that I'd despise objectively? How do you come to terms with the realization that you aren't the person you want to be, and who you want to be is not ascertainable? 