Feel out of options, nothing left to go on for.I'm just mad, I feel like the world is so unfair and that even if I give my 200% I'll end up poor and miserable....


I have always given all I can into my learning and my work, but I have been laid off repeatedly like I don't mean shit and maybe it is like that.


I'm tired of being poor and of the injustice that comes with it, I'm an university student and I have a full scholarship but not the devices needed to perform on my classes... today I got told "well if you don't have a good computer you shouldn't be studying CS, and then got a 0 as a grade"


My stupid scholarship requirements are being top 10% on grades and I feel like I'm destined to drop out even if I got better grades (not that it matters)... in anticipation I started doing what litles courses I could just using my  shitty phone but it just doesn't works for coding and what I have completed it amounts to nothing since I can't fucking pay for the certification...


I'm tired of feeling like I'm in a constant fight against destiny that I will lose, I'm tired of being a caregiver for my grandmother... I used to love her and enjoy talking and laughing now we no longer talk because I can't hold my frustration back.


I'm writing this as I cry on my bed, I tried so hard but I have begun to cut myself again, I don't fucking want to but I just need calm....


I have started feeling like I might do it and entertain the idea of going into friends apartments only to jump out I imagine it would be awesome and they would finally realize they could help me but chose to make me do it jajaja 


Idk why I write here, days ago I visited to try and see the other side and ended up trying to helps omeone...now I realize how selfish I was. It better to give up by your terms than to end up losing my the will of other.


I'll do it next week, I'll go and do it when I get the money to pay what I owe to my shitty excuse forna friend, I'll wait to be sure he has taken some of the dmt he says he has and then I'll go it.