I just don't care anymore. I actually don't even know why I'm typing this, because every time I reach out, no one cares. Maybe it's just to put it down some place. I don't know. 

Anyways, a bit of background. I come from a mixed, repressive Christian family. When I was a kid, any expression of emotion AT ALL got either smacked or otherwise punished right quick as "attitude". My mum's opinion or what she said, that was it. If I even stepped SLIGHTLY out of line, I'd be screamed or "spanked" (as she called it) right back into submission. As such, even though I'm at college now and she's stopped hitting me a few years ago, I have no idea how to properly express anything. I am terrified of people when they even slightly raise their voice at me, or change their tone. I never had lasting friends all throughout elementary and high school, and I was beaten on a pretty frequent basis, let alone the psychological shit people put me through. I have a hard time trusting people because I never know when they'll inevitably turn on me. The first time I had suicidal feelings, I was in fourth grade. I set in my bedroom crying with a knife to my heart for three hours. No one noticed, and no one cared. When I was ten years old, I started slitting my wrists to deal with things, because I realized I was all alone and abandoned by everybody. This has continued, on and off, for 7 years. I am turning 18 in two months. My first boyfriend was emotionally, and sometimes physically and sexually abusive. I took his crap for three years until I finally broke it off. That was a little more than a year ago, and I am currently in a long distance relationship with a boy in Georgia (I am in Canada). Things started off perfect, but as soon as he went back home and started hanging out with his friends again he started ignoring me, then going off his medication and freaking out and "dumping" me every few weeks. I suddenly wasn't important anymore, and he STILL has yet to keep his promise to see me. I've steadily been getting more and more depressed, and one night told him "You don't care about me. I have a bunch of pills, I'm going to take them, just so you can be happy since I clearly don't matter to you any." I wound up taking 14 50 mg nytol and 8 500 mg advil. I wound up puking blood the next morning. No one even noticed. The last time he "threw me away" was in May. He promised he would never do it again. I've been receiving psychological help on  and off, but never anything consistent. Whenever he freaks out, I get called a "crazy insane stupid bitch" (or something else along those lines). I walk on eggshells waiting for him to blow up next. I'm surprised it took this long. You see, three weeks ago we made a deal. That I wouldn't hurt myself as much, and not try to kill myself again if he agreed to stop ignoring me all the time (keep in mind, I don't even REMEMBER what a hug or kiss feels like. I am very isolated), and he would come see me if all I did was just hop over the border. So, Saturday rolls around and I ride my bike down to Michigan. I ride around there for FIVE FUCKING HOURS looking for him, only to find that, of course, he lied to me again. I sat there crying for over an hour. I called his house to ask HIM why he stood me up, and his mum answered, told me to "stop calling" (bear in mind, I AVOID contact with that hateful fucking xenophobic bitch whenever possible), and then she turned around and took the texting feature off his phone. He refuses to apologize to me. I said to him, "You KNEW how much lying again would hurt me" and his excuse was "You think you can get anything you want by hurting yourself, and I don't have any money" I told him he had three weeks to get the money for at least a bus ticket (which isn't more the 400$ from Greyhound round trip) and the excuse was his job hadn't paid him before throwing me away. He still wont even say he's sorry. It's like he can do whatever he wants, but god help me if I get upset about it. It's not fair. Why should I have to spend the money to go THERE in October when he's had over a YEAR to come see me ONCE!? I don't feel valued to anyone. It's like he knows I have problems, but gets some kind of enjoyment out of doing things to make them worse. I just don't care anymore. When I got back to the dorm that night, one of the guys bandaged my arm up then we smoked pot, but I still don't feel better. I have about 46 pills in my room right now, naproxen and acetominophen, both of which I'm sensitive to and use for extreme leg and migraine pain. I just don't see any damn point in living anymore. I'm all alone, all the time, and not even the person I love seems to care if I kick the bucket. I figure those pills should kill me, seeing as I'm a very small person. I'm frequently mistaken for being about 12-14. It just feels like no one really cares all that much about me. I value having someone to share my life with, and he doesn't seem to give a shit. Smoking pot with his buddies (NONE OF WHICH EVEN GRADUATED HIGHSCHOOL), seems to be more important than me. I even said to him last night, "How do you think your mom would feel if your dad treated her the way you think it's OKAY to treat me" and "If you consider yourself a man of honour so much, show some honour and humility and apologize". I have a psych appointment wednesday, but I'm considering not even going. What's the point? Nothings ever gonna make it better, and no one cares enough for me to wanna tough it out and stay anyways. I don't even know if this makes sense. I just feel done with life. 