I don't know how to get it togetherI don't know where to start. I haven't felt this hopeless in months. I want to scream and cry and scream more, I can't manage what I need to manage and I don't want to fail. I want to just pull through.

I've been taking two classes for a few weeks, following up on a single I took earlier this year in winter. The first class was a rough process, and I failed to meet expectations every week but because it was only one I managed to make it to the end. Since then I've broken up with my girlfriend, and had a lot of family stress at home. I've been stuck at home with my mom and my brother, neither of whom I like very much and it is straining me. I don't have anybody to talk since my break up, and feel incredibly lonely. The only times I've felt connected with anything has been while watching TV. I've watched all of Brooklyn 99 twice in two weeks. I don't know why. It's easier than confronting all the work I'm not doing and the emptiness of my life at the moment. 

I really don't want to fail my classes, but I don't know how to make myself do the work. I'll sit at my desk for hours without doing anything except organizing my area, or just sitting there looking out the window. For a few days I tried to dopamine detox, but I still just sat in bed rather than doing my work. If I don't pull it together within the next day, I won't have enough time to finish or catch up. I don't understand how anybody can manage to do classwork, or a job. I seem addicted to apathy, even though I really care about these classes. I asked the teacher if I could postpone them until next term, but they said it's too late in the term to do so.

I've cried for hours today. I've googled different suicide methods and kept a pen knife beside me in bed. I just don't have hope, or the want to continue. It's too difficult, and it seems fruitless. I'm so angry at myself all the time, and everything only makes me upset because of what I can't do. My classes are drawing classes, and drawing has become an enormous burden in my life that I hold against me. It's only what I'm not doing, what I can't understand or what I can't achieve. I don't have fun, I'm not happy, and even though I'm conscious of these things I don't know how to enjoy it anymore. But I don't have anything else I care about either. I feel like I've missed a thousand other problems but I just don't want to explain everything. I want the courage and willpower to do the work that's been piling up for two weeks, but I can't do it. I sit down to draw, and I just start crying. I have no idea what to do.