Going todaySo.. Not sure really why i'm here writing this, guess i want an "its okay, do it, be at peace" from someone, of course i am not going to get that from friends/loved ones. Don't even suspect i'll get it from here. 
But done my goodbye note to the family, guess this is mine to the internet?
Doubt it will as its not a cheery read but If it helps someone in anyway reading this, well at least i served a nice purpose before i went.


Since i can remember i've put across this tough image, tried to never let people think i'm weak, well for a while now, i've been trying to find a way to finish myself. And fuck me.. It really made me realise just how weak i actually am and just how difficult it is to end it, or at least end it how i want to.

So scared of the pain whilst leaving, too pussy to slit my wrists, OD and i'll prob just wake up in a hospital, jump in front of a train, nope, i want to go but feel too bad for the poor fuckers seeing that.
No buildings tall enough near me i can get too and jump off and be certain of death.

Found a place here in the UK called beachy head which i researched and decided on, nope, they have a chaplain service who patrol the coast and i really want to go alone (annoyed me, they are really tall cliffs, certain death from the height &amp; really got used to the idea of going with one last beautiful view of the sea).

So finally, after so much reading for me to find a pain free and sure way, ill go hanging. 
Christ i wish i bloody looked at it more closely sooner, kind of crossed it off as a "too painful and risky".
But yeah, after much reading, i found peace in realising i can just tie the right rope, go from the right tree, have a few beers and drop, in seconds ill be unconscious, minutes ill be dead. Hardly any pain, all the pain before passing out is just like being strangled and I've had my fair share of that in fights so not worried about that pain, even so, i think my sense of peace right now knowing its over out weighs any amount of pain. 

I don't cry my days away, i know there are worse off out there than me and i'm sure it will actually shock everyone i know that i committed suicide, but I'm confident i left good explanations for them. 

Just lost the motive for life, kind of accepted the science of life more than anything, we're flesh and bones, born trough shear luck of the universe. 

It's not a life i enjoy, find too much so fucked up in the world, how we work as people, as a culture, a race, everything, who decided i should be born and follow the rules i should? Not me. 
I should be grateful for life? Thats a matter of opinion.

You know whats sad? Hand me £10,000,000 and i'd happily go on! 
I would enjoy my life, be content in front of the computer, be happy around friends and loved ones, travel, have my own little family, all 'normal' things but life dictates that i must work for that, and earn it. 
I know i know, how dare i feel i should be entitled...
We work for it and earn it right, thats life.
Bullshit, fuck that, i did not agree to that.

i simply cannot be bothered.

i feel bad, there are billions out there worse off than me, but i guess thats the amazing thing about us, so individual, amazing how all our brains work and how random science can be in putting us together.
Some are born with an easy life, some born with the worst life, and most born with an average life.

Im 24, not bad looking, slim, (too slim in my opinion, always hated my weight but hey, none of us love every inch of ourselves do we?) had plenty of girlfriends, i've loved &amp; hated, and still continue to hate and love. 
I've no qualifications worth speaking of, but i consider myself educated, i could hold an intelligent conversation with most i'd ever meet.
Ive held down decent jobs, partied. Lived my own life since i was 15-16. 
Ive made mistakes and also done plenty of things that I'm proud of.

Guess what I'm trying to say is this, we are all individual, and if i have learnt anything, its that we will never completely understand each other and how we think, as humans, cultures, races and so on. 
We want different things and have different emotions.
Some of us get on, some don't. Try not to get angry because of your lack of understanding of another human, or that of a particular moment. 

Try and understand what you don't, and accept you cannot understand everything. 

If you have any, tell the one's you love what they mean to you, and be happy in yourselves, do what makes YOU happy, and if those around you understand, they will be happy in seeing you happy.
If they do not understand. That's just human.

I'll be happy now, i'm at peace. I hope you understand. 



