I suckSo I’ve been thinking about this for quite a long time. I have a gun in my pocket as I type this, and am about to press it against my skull and pull the trigger.  My life has been a series of fucked up situations until I found my wife, and had a son (which I don’t care for at the moment, he’s an asshole but that’s another story). I was sexually molested, abused, or whatever you want to call it by the time I was probably like 6 years old. I committed unspeakable acts with my siblings, have been addicted to pornography for what seems my entire life because of what I was exposed to as a young child. A FUCKING CHILD. I am a broken individual. I have gone through the motions throughout life, putting on the display that I’m OK, that I’m a normal person and I have my shit together. It’s totally wrong. I am dying inside. I want to end it all because I don’t think I will ever change or overcome this affliction. To this day it affects me and my daily life.
I have become a crippling alcoholic just to numb my pain, but it doesn’t really work. I get drunk nearly every night just to try and feel something, some slight tinge of happiness. Of course as I write this I’m half a bottle of tequila, a strong cider, and most of a bottle of wine. I also smoke weed from morning until night mostly every day, trying to make myself feel something or the slightest amount of normal or whatever. I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing with my life. I’m in college, and have been for years, to become a nurse. I don’t even know why anymore because I just don’t give a fuck about school, work, blah the fucking blah being one of those people who do all of that shit and still become a fucking nobody. A fucking miserable nobody who did all he could, did well in school, got a great job and all that comes with it, just to end up being some douchebag who is nothing in this world.
I honestly, truly, and without a doubt love my wife and my son. They are the only thing I have at this moment that keeps me from plunging this gun unto my throat and pulling the trigger. I got upset, because again I am drunk as FUCK tonight and blew up on my wife. That’s my problem. I get FUCKING DRUNK and most often turn into a complete asssssshooolllle who verbally abuses his wife and son.  Apparently my son is shaking and upset too because I am such a fucking jackass. This makes me want to end it much much more as I simply want to put them out of their misery. They are wonderful, beautiful people who don’t deserve to live with such a fucking asshole broken person. They need to find someone who can give them what they deserve. I am not worthy of them. I can’t go on living like I am at this point. I just don’t know anymore. I don’t even know what I can do to mend the situation that happened tonight with my wife.  I yelled at her to get the fuck out of my face because of something stupid. Something that doesn’t matter. Not sure if I can fix this. All I know is that I love them