ADD male 25, considering pulling the plug.Since an internship in 2012 which ended in a major depressive episode lasting about a year, I've been stuck in life and have lost my ambition, and drive to succeed. In the whole diagnostic treadmill following my depression, I was diagnosed with ADD (attention deficit disorder). I take medication for this daily despite side-effects (Ritalin and Adderall), but this provides only minor relief and improvement in functioning. I have also tried many other ways of treatment (supplements, exercise, neurofeedback, coaching).

I live in the Netherlands, which has an education system where any student is given free college education provided that they get finish the study of their choice within 10 years. If a student fails to graduate within that time, they'll have to pay back the cost the government made in providing them with an education. In my case this would come down to about thirty-thousand euro's (about thirty-four thousand dollars for any Americans reading). I have been studying to obtain a bachelors degree in applied psychology for the past seven years (whilst the study is expected to be completed in four years or less). I no longer want the degree personally, but will have to get it in order to escape the massive debt I would be in otherwise. Once I get the degree (easier said than done with ADD), I will face near certain unemployment as the supply of psychologists in my country has greatly outgrown demand for them since I enrolled, and only those that finish the study quickly with top-tier grades have any chance of getting hired. Other unskilled jobs will be hard to obtain, due to the fact that I have no prior experience in much anything except warehouse work and the fact that people below 23 years of age earn vastly lower wages than those above in my country (making them the cheap choice, if someone without experience is considered to begin with).

As it stands, I'm an obese (105kg/232lbs), short (175cm, 5 foot 9 inches), perpetually single, alcoholic loser living with his parents, who also has an incurable mental illness and a financial/professional future as detailed above to boot. The past few years my drinking has gotten to a point where I drink between 8-10 standard units a day on average, with binges of far more. I know it's no way to fix things, but in the face of little other alternative, it does help me deal with everything and let's me forget the fact that I'm a useless parasite for just a few hours a day. 

For about a year now, not a week has gone by without me seriously considering suicide. I plan to make it clean and plan to be found by police or ambulance personnel an an anonymous corpse, rather than my family. I'm also considering the option of not being found at all, as that might help my family cope with my disappearance. (Let's say I go missing while hiking in the wilderness of Canada for instance) in that way I can gradually fade-out, rather than actually die in their minds-eye, which might help with grief and especially with the guilt many loved ones seem to feel in the event of a suicide.

Thanks for letting me talk to someone about this, I appreciate it.
