I wrote this in my notes app and just needed to put it somewhereI’ve been thinking about dying a lot more lately. 

It would be such a relief to quit breathing. To not have to worry about anything I’m worrying about.

I crave human connection, more than anything. And I can never seem to get it. Not genuinely. I don’t know that anyone will ever love me the way I love them. I don’t know that I will ever matter to anyone the way they matter to me. 

And the way I talk to myself is so awful. I tell myself all the time how no one will ever love you. No one will ever cherish you. You’ll die alone, like you always knew you would, and all this time you’ve spent deluding yourself into thinking you could be happy is time you could have spent dead. 

I must be the problem. If it’s always people wanting to quit being friends with me, I must be the problem. What other reason could there be?

But I don’t know what I’m doing wrong. And that’s the hardest part. I think I’m a good friend, a good girlfriend. But others don’t think I am. They lose interest in my friendship or companionship after a year, sometimes less. 

So here I am, crying in my boyfriend’s bed, on his birthday night, trying desperately to hide how I feel, knowing he’s going to leave me soon. Knowing he’s falling out of love with me, though he may say he isn’t. Knowing he’s lost interest in me, and I’m not worth the effort anymore. 

And it’s more than just him. It’s everyone who’s ever lied to me and told me they cared about me. It’s everyone who fooled me into thinking I could be happy. 

It’s nothing I haven’t felt before. But it feels so much worse this time. It hurts so much worse. And I know if I had a bottle of pills available to me, I’d down them without question, and wait for death. I’d welcome it. 

But what am I going to do, cut myself with his knife he keeps on the ledge and bleed out on his bed? Hang myself from his ceiling? No. And I don’t have any pills available. Nothing I have will do the job. So I sit here, and I cry, and I hope someone notices my sad little state and forces me into getting the help I so desperately need. 

And I wait for death. 