Despite life looking up, I still think about calling quitsI was able to land a seasonal job, my first job ever, and get through it. I managed to get into a relationship with a great guy. I'm almost graduating.    
    
But despite it all, I'm 24 and I feel like shit nearly everyday. I have few friends, and of the few I barely see them or even connect with them on an emotional level at all. And I feel it's a bit the same with my boyfriend; I'm such a social recluse while he's the biggest social butterfly I've ever met. He's had many, many relationships in the past and I dont see myself lasting long in this one, because, truth be told, I'm below average in the looks department. The only reason I feel like he even got with me at all is because I was the likeliest person to not cheat on him (he was cheated on multiple times).    
    
But beyond that, I'm boring as shit. I have almost nothing to talk about, I draw a blank on all social situations. I couldn't hold a conversation with coworkers or make friends. My extended family dont even bother talking to me during holiday dinners. I nearly broke down crying when I went to a hangout with my boyfriend's friends because of how much I was different from them and how I couldn't utter a word. And now he wants me there for another hangout this weekend, and I dont know what the fuck to do.    
    
My whole life has been about my main family. I sacrificed nearly my whole life for my parents and sibling, yet they constantly make me second choice, always choosing to leave me home alone on holidays or family days while they go out with their SO's, or use me to help them do things like selling stuff they dont use anymore.    
     
I think I'm just really fucking tired. Of trying so hard with my family, of trying to socially put myself out there despite it not having much success at all. I get self-conscious, I get jealous, I get envious. I wasn't like this before. I used to be nice and wish people all good things, but now all I care about is how I feel, how others make me feel, lash out at people when I can't handle things anymore.      
     
I think the thing that makes me want to quit most is the fact that I've just become a shitty person. I'm really tired...