From legitimately suicidal to hopeful about the future in 11 months. Please read my story.Okay guys I know that when your real down nothing is going to make you feel better in that moment, I totally get that. But I just want to share my story so that you might have hope things will get better, even if it doesn't make you feel better now, keeping this in mind (things WILL get better) could prevent you from doing something irreversible in a moment of crisis.

Some background: my mother has been a SEVERE alcoholic since I was 11, when she discovered my big-shot businessman father was having an affair. They both completely stopped caring about/being parents to me and my two younger brothers. From this point on Dad was home between 4-10 days a month (they remained married). I was neglected on a daily basis and driven home from school(if she actually showed up) by a blacked-out shitty mother. As a kid she'd physically hurt me for trying to prevent her from going out at night, driving, blacked out, to do...whatever she was doing. She is currently in prison for her second stint this year (DUI's).

I'm 24 now, and for me college was awful, I found true happiness for the first time in the summer after HS graduation and was forced to leave it all and start over. College got progressively worse every year and I was deep into Trichotilomania(compulsive hair plucking) by my senior year. I was certain I would have massive non-pattern bald spots on my scalp for the rest of my life. I have suffered from severe body image issues from having man boobs since I was 9(I'm not a "fat" fellow, slender build)- the body image issues were compounded when I ate myself into a full, deep, purple set of stretch marks surrounding my entire torso when I kicked my pain killer addiction, replacing it with weed and binge eating in my junior year of college. The stretch marks came only shortly after developing a classic case of plaque psoriasis which had spread to my private parts(this was when/why i got into pain killers.)

Because I had no other friends, for my last two years of college I was living with one of the most narcissistic, insecure, fucked up people I've ever met. He constantly belittled me and made it clear I was fucking worthless. He did this without being direct about it because the guy had no fucking balls. Not only that but I realized he was talking shit about me to EVERY ONE of our mutual friends/aquentances. I would hear him and one of his butt buddies constantly making fucked up jokes about me and laughing hysterically through the walls of our place. Eventually he started dating another narcissist and their favorite activity was making me feel worthless. Psycho-lingo would assume that I was a classic example of "secondary narcissistic supply".

After graduating in '11(which was a major feat considering I skipped 2/3 of my classes simply because of social anxiety) I had no job prospects, no motivation, NOTHING. My father had cut me off and I had to plead with my mother to let me live with her until I was on my feet, she reluctantly agreed. Shortly thereafter she went to prison during which time I stayed at her place and gambled away all the money I had to live on. When I was about to run out of food she became eligible for early release and I was her sponsor for that. As soon as her parole officer completed the home sweep she busted out the booze and went to town. She informed me (while still on parole, while I was still her sponsor) that a "friend" was coming in from out of town and I had to leave for the weekend. So basically she was telling me to get the fuck out so she could fuck some weird guy she met at the beach a while back. I had NOWHERE TO GO. Imagine having to steal your mother's phone while she's passed out, start redialing all her recent calls to find the man she invited and tell him if he showed up I would chop his balls off, then delete his contact info (I actually "met" this guy when I stupidly visited her at her beach house rental- he lived in the adjoined part of the duplex, everything about him screamed serial killer/rapist).

Her drinking continued to get way worse, on multiple occasions I dialed the number of her parole officer to turn her in for violations but could never go through with it, hung up every time. My depression got real bad and I was seriously contemplating ending it all one night, the next day things got worse. I had to take her phone away from her again but she was too far gone. She assaulted me when I starting walking to my room with her phone and tried to push my down the stairs, ripping my shirt apart in the process. She then ran across the street and used a neighbors phone to call the police and try to have me arrested. The police came inside the house and summoned me upstairs. I was so flustered and randomly dehydrated that I could barely speak. I told them what happened and they wanted to see the torn shirt. They escorted me back to my room and immediately saw the pipe and weed on my desk. This is when I decided I definitely wanted to kill myself. By the grace of god, the lead cop on the scene had a heart. He pardoned the weed, pretended he never saw it and arrested my mother for assaulting me. The friction burns on my neck and the torn shirt were all the evidence he needed, not to mention the fact that she was an intoxicated, crazy fuck.

After this happened I stayed with a friend for a couple months until I was somehow able to make my father understand he needed to help me. He began to support me financially with the understanding I was not going to be able to support myself for a while. I now have financial security which is huge. I am seeing a great therapist who gets what I'm going through. I'm eating right and exercising. The weight loss has reduced the appearance of the stretch marks. My father has agreed to fund cosmetic surgery for both the stretch marks and the man boobs(coming clean about these body issues was like pulling teeth, but worth it). I have my psoriasis completely under control. I am reconnecting with friends from my past- good people. For the first time since high school I have hope that I will meet a great girl who gets me and can get past my upper body. I'm effectively managing the Trichotilomania and my hair- you can't even tell! I'm even getting regular hair cuts now without insane anxiety about it :)

I'm still unemployed but I'm looking for a job for the first time since college. I stopped smoking weed three days ago because I know I'm finally ready to handle life without it. It's rough right now but in a few weeks I will be so happy with myself for it. I'm not saying my depression is "cured" or anything like that, hell, this afternoon I got depressed as shit, but was able to bounce back by forcing myself to work out with some upbeat music. It's SO fucking hard but forcing yourself to run or get some type of exercise or sunlight is really important. So there it is guys, I'm not out of the woods and never will be with the cyclical nature of depression but for the first time in a long time, I can deal with life. Everyone's situation is different but remember this story when your feeling like doing something terrible to escape the pain. Eleven months ago I really felt like suicide was the only option- today I feel like I can lead a healthy, somewhat happy life managing my anxiety/depression.

Tl;DR I've had a pretty fucking rough go at it the last five years, alcoholic mom, shitty friends, no job, shitty EVERYTHING. Thought suicide was my best option 11 months ago. Today I see hope for my future. Hang in there, if this helps just one person even in a minor way it was worth taking the time to pour it all out and post.