Balance.Action is the thing that has tormented me throughout my life. more often than not, inaction.

Action has upsides and downsides. action that makes you feel good now generally does not help you down the line (masturbation, drugs, alcohol, videogames, social media etc,and  action that makes you feel uncomfortable and mentally or physically stressed doesn't make you feel good now but can make you feel good later like working on a business, learning something new, exercising and doing things you know you should be but you go open youtube or reddit instead. some things are hybrids like learning an instrument, to some it can feel like a job to some it can feel like a drug and they cannot get enough, thats the self improvement drug for some. 

Inaction also has its place, it lets you take a break from that short term dopamine hit and that discomfort of a long term compounding action. Sleep and meditation and low impact actions like practicing an instrument, reading a book, relaxing with a pet, going for a walk, compounding or pointless activities generally more than not help you decompress from too much dopamine or mental burnout. for me the past while after fighting depression has been a learning experience. its hard to balance all 3 correctly, i am trying but life happens and we (want to) fall back to vices and bad habits that got us to the bad places at times. a part of me wants me there again and its killing me. 

last year i was in the worst state of my life, i was in the worst depression of my life, nothing gave me that dopamine 1 anymore and doing inaction 0, did not reset me because my thoughts had a grip on me every millisecond of my waking day and believe me i tried to implement good habits, thoughts just kept coming and snowballing until i couldn't do anything and thats what depression was for me. it was to the point where i was in bed literally for 2 weeks straight, i had fasted with snake juice and became a skeleton at this point  with a helium tank set up for exit bag beside my bed saying tomorrow i will do it but scared, i was afraid to die but too scared to live, practicing with garbage bags to get comfortable for when i would do it. i would go to my computer desk and try and open up a game, i would get it to the loading screen then i would just be like fuck it im going to crawl back into bed. it would be as much resistance as you would trying to learn a new subject from nothing, it felt very overwhelming and the effort was not rewarding at all for the most basic things. Now while i was at this darkest point in my life, where things were very grim, my uncle took his life by jumping infront of a train near his home. that point the 1 for me was either to kill myself or 0 live for my family. Action vs Inaction. to be or not to be that was the question.

i went back and forth between i was right to do suicide 1 because he had a business, a family and he still wanted out, those were things i thought i wanted in life and if he wanted out, then i knew my mindset would come back one day and haunt me like it did for him and take me, that those things were pointless to work towards as the pain would continue. i also thought that if i did it after he did it, i would look like a copycat and it would 0 devastate my family and to the point that his daughter would take her life and frankly shes a great person and did not deserve to lose another person to pressure her into doing it herself. 

I pulled myself together for the funeral and went very numb and tried to be strong for my family. they really had no idea at the time as i was living on my own during my early college years. anyways i got help tried ssris citalopram and made me feel weird and got off them asap, srris were not for me. i slowly implemented good habits along with regular dopamine fasts when i noticed i would slip, now im working for the government with a good gig but im not happy doing it. building a business but i feel at times that it was a mistake, i have no idea what i want for my life anymore and im worried i am falling back into that terrible spot again, im missing out on exercise as i hurt my arm and missed almost a week so far of exercise, i have started to fall back on tendencies like slightly binging on food for comfort, mind you im eating real foods instead of man made processed shit. pro tip it helps when you are in a good spot. slowing down on guitar and effort towards continuous learning and growing my business. i have been playing games and binging netflix the past couple of days instead of reading books, getting fresh air, meditating, exercising more. sleep has also not been the best although im going to bed before 10 and waking up around 7-10. im avoiding things i know i should be doing because its causing great mental pain as im trapped in my room for almost the past month or so. being in my room for this long and not being able to leave due to quarantine has been freaking me the FUCK out because i am falling into old tendencies that remind me of those tough times on the brink of life and death. i am fucking scared to face it again because i don't know if i would choose the same at this point or not. if there is an afterlife and heaven, i would go to eternal damnation, if this was heaven, then fuck. shitty heaven. if this is it, and i could die any day then its not that much time and i should play it out because 60 to 70 years isnt much in the scheme in the universe.

i am scared that i am going back and i want to share my story because the small things do compound, good things compound and so do the negative things, do the dopamine intense things too much during these times, the normal things become pointless and non rewarding and i guarentee you the boring things like working towards something or learning something new becomes way less rewarding. living becomes unrewarding and you just want out. i am noticing that i am avoiding things i know i can and should be doing, habits i normally enjoy are starting to fade slowly like less workouts due to injury, not focusing on work and productive things as much or hobbies like guitar. im going towards dopamine intense habits like mildly binging food and playing videogames and netflix, and starting to think bad thoughts instead of having a clear mind.

I am in a good place now, able to carry weight of life and go above and beyond but i am scared to death that i am going back, but as i have noticed i will dopamine fast again and meditate on it, its a slippery slope to suicide from the small actions you do each day. catch yourself and this is one of my catches and i wanted to share it with you all so you can call out things you know you need to change during these tough times. stay strong, god knows i am trying and some days are quite hard.