I Wish I Was DeadI've had a terrible life. I feel like I was doomed from the start. Family members sexually abused me from a young age. The people I was supposed to trust were not trustworthy or reliable. How can you rebuild after that kind of foundational start? I feel broken beyond repair. How does one recover from something like this?

I am transgender and it is ruining my life. Everything I thought I had I'm losing because I can't fake it anymore. My husband is leaving me because I am trans. He was the only good thing I had in my life. I don't have any friends anf my family is shit. Once he is gone I am completely alone.

I'm so broken. I thought I could recover from the abuse I have suffered. I thought I found someone who would love me no matter what but the truth is I am unlovable. There is something inherently wrong with me. That's the only explaination for the life I have had.

I thought I could therapy away the problems I have. I thought medication would help. But nothing makes it better. Nothing makes these thoughts of killing myslef go away. I just want it all to end. I have no one. For so long it was my husband and I against the world but now he is leaving me too just like everyone else ever left me. My mom left when I was five and my life has beeen hell since the beginning.

I don't even know why I'm typing this, it's not like anything could ever help. I already know I'm doomed to kill myself. It's always been inevitable. I'm not built to survive the real world. I'm not strong enough. I'm too broken. I wzs doomed the moment I started being raped by the ones who were suppoesed to love me and take care of me. How can you trust anyome when your trust is so violezted from the begining? How could I ever think life could get better when I an so damaged from thw start? Some people aren't ment to live. I wish I had never been born.

I've had a lot of alcohol. I want more. I want to have so much that I stop breathing. Right now it is really hard to breathe. Maybe I can finally be successful in my attempt to die.