A roller coasterLife’s a roller coaster and I desperately want it to de-rail, I can’t handle it the flood of emotions. I hate my mom, I’ve told her I want to kill myself multiple times and she’s done nothing about it, I tell my dad and he wants to fix it immediately. I hate to sound as edgy as I am but my mom legitimately does not understand me and I want to die for it, 4 years in the hell of a household I’m living in is awful. My dad doesn’t have a fucking job and he lives separately so 90% of the time it’s hard to talk to him, having four brothers would be nice if the one I shared a room with didn’t get fucking kicked out of school for having weed then not gave a shit and continued to yell at his games, his at a new school now but at least he can’t get his hands on weed. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because apparently inhaling carbon monoxide is painful and there’s a vent in my garage leading to my room and I don’t want the brother I share it with to die, he may be annoying obnoxious and ignorant to the severity of his actions but he deserves a life because he’s willing. I’ve wanted to die since the 5th grade and I had a dream about suicide in third so maybe earlier but I can’t handle anymore I don’t know how I haven’t broken down in school. I’m just hoping high school is better now because I’m about to fucking lose it if I haven’t already. I don’t want to hurt my family but I can’t take it everyone deserves a life but I want to finally take the entire thing into my own hands. I honestly hope no matter how selfish this is for a shooter to show up so I can run into him and try to die a hero if I do anything. I’m impossibly scared at the thought of dying but also enticed by it. To re-iterate there’s nothing worth living for besides preserving the sanity of my parents so my mom doesn’t force any of my other siblings to suicide. But I think my younger brother might end up doing it while I’m in college. I think he might resort to carbon monoxide with no one there for him