My sister attempted suicide and I need advice on what to doMy sister attempted to OD almost a week ago, my family didn’t tell me until today because I knew something was up when they came back from the hospital. 

Idk what to do. I’m super close to my sister and never picked anything up, I’ve caught my friend multiple times so I guess I thought I’d catch someone like my sister if they were on the edge as well. I can’t comprehend that she tried to do that, we live in a pretty happy and stable house and my parents do whatever they can to keep up happy. Idk how to approach her, she doesn’t (and can’t) know that I know that she did this and I just don’t know how to help.

 I can’t grasp the fact that she tried to take her life, I keep thinking she did it to draw attention away from what she did earlier that day, especially since she tried to use a painkiller instead of the harder drugs we have on the house for my mom or grandparents. But then I go back to maybe she just didn’t know, and if that’s the case I’m glad she didn’t because she wouldn’t be alive if she did. 

The hospital reported the incident and she’s going to be on suicide watch soon, idk how that’s going to settle with her and I’m scared she’ll try it again thinking  it’ll make it easier for us. If the court makes a decision within the next 6 months my parents are going to have to choose either her or myself to go to child protective services since we’re both minors ( I’m 18 in 6 months that why I mentioned 6 months earlier) and if they take her it could make things worse for her mentally as well. 

Idk what to do, I can’t grasp that she tried to end her life, idk how to help her or my mom or anyone in this situation. I want to just leave the house all day because no one knows I know and it hurts to see and talk to everyone right now, but I know that’s not the right thing to do since she can’t be left alone and if I’m always out then she’s bound to be alone for some time. 

If someone who is going through something similar to what my sister is going through or has been in a similar situation to mine please help.