Suicidal over work / fear of unemploymentWell, i'm back after a year of doing somewhat well.

My manager makes me want to kill myself. Started a little over a year ago after I got a new role at my company shortly after I filed for divorce. My ex\-wife moved out and I was pretty happy for about a couple of months before it finally hit me that I felt alone and lonely and I was getting pretty depressed. I told my manager about the divorce and said I could use some time off. He was supportive and said "yes take all the time you need" so i took 3 weeks of vacation and went to Japan. Really got to understand myself and had a great self journey. Came back to work and the first thing my manager said was "nobody missed you." Meaning none of my team members even cared that I was gone, and all the work I did they scrapped anyway and didn't even bother looking at it or using it.

Over the days, ever time some conflict came up between me and the team, I would raise it up to my manager and he would say things like "it's probably your fault that they don't respect you." Then he would tell me to do all the bitch work that nobody on the team wants to do. Then he got upset that I wasn't doing my other tasks that he specifically told me to STOP doing so I can finish all the bitch work. So he's constantly been going back on his word all the time and I never get any credit for any of the work I do.

Whenever he asks me for my progress on the tasks I've been assigned I would tell him all the things I have done but he would discredit all of that because there's always some complaint from the team; that the task was half assed or very delayed or something and the team has to come in and help. Which is complete bullshit because every time I get stuck I would raise the obstacle right away, but nobody would come help so I have to figure it out myself. I've also raised this as a concern but my manager would just brush it away and tell me it's my fault anyway that the team doesn't want to help me.

I've been thinking about quitting since April, but the only reason why I stayed was because I thought I had a lot of money in my checking/savings until I had to pay a huge portion of it due to my tax return in April. I've been sucking it up for about 2 months now and yesterday my manager mentioned getting rid of me in the next month or so.

I told HR about my situation and they just said "it sounds like your best option is to just suck it up until he gets rid of you and then you can take severance." Sounds like nobody at this company is on my side.

So yeah I'm pretty close to killing myself.

I work on a team that doesn't respect me, my manager is a dick and has yelled at me before in the past, and HR doesn't seem to care that I've been harassed or feel unsafe at work. I'm really scared to ask for time off but now that my manager wants to get rid of me I feel like he won't honor any of my days off.

Lack of finances are really scaring me too. And lack of health insurance and all that fun stuff. (I live in America)

All my friends are telling me to "don't quit" because then I won't have an income but my manager is going to get rid of me so should I just quit while I'm ahead instead of going through the shit hole he's about to put me through?

After work I've been coming home not wanting to do anything. Don't wanna eat, don't wanna drink, just wanna sleep and never wake up.

Every work\-related\-suicide article I read has been telling me that suicide over a job is never worth it (obviously) but they never mention anything about how to deal with a lack of income right afterwards. I've read a bunch of stories of people quitting their jobs and "have never been happier" but they never mention about how they coped with a lack of income.

Not sure what I'm supposed to do.  I've reached the point where killing myself seems easier than quitting, because quitting involves having to deal with the aftermath and killing myself just finishes the job that my manager has set off to accomplish to begin with: getting rid of me.