my insides feel hollowi don't know what else to do, so i'm thinking about hanging myself. this won't be my first attempt. i don't expect anyone to read this since i know it's going to be long but i might as well give it a shot:

for the past few weeks, i've been really overwhelmed (dying grandma, tense family atmosphere, school and the future, myself, etc.) to the point where i can't focus, i stopped eating properly, and i can't sleep. everything seems to be happening all at once and i can't handle it. i used to have someone there for me that would help me get through everything (i still love her, and she means the world to me) but she's been ignoring me for the last 7 weeks over a small disagreement. we talk everything out and have had worse fights in the past, so i find it odd that she won't respond to texts, calls, etc. she's the most genuine person i've ever met and i don't want to lose her because i love her so fucking much. she's managed to stop me from committing suicide in the past and part of me is afraid to go through with this hanging because i don't want to make her upset. i miss her a lot and it makes me feel like shit.

family isn't an option because due to cultural differences, mental health is taboo, plus they're hard to talk to anyway. i've had counseling a few times before but it's always been at school and against my will. it didn't end well and if anything, made things worse for me (e.g. on one occasion, the counselor thought i was "at risk" and decided to call child protective services without consulting me, which almost resulted in a court case)

i've been having more intense and more frequent panic attacks recently and i don't think my body can physically handle another one, so i stopped feeling entirely. i haven't been feeling much of anything over the last few days other than empty. i feel so fucking empty. my insides feel hollow and my mind feels heavy. i can't even take care of myself properly and it's fucking pathetic. i've always been afraid of fucking up but that's all i seem to do, so i think the best option at this point is to just end it all.