Tried everything but I'm always aloneI don't know what to do.
I'm 17 years old and I seem to have a lot of accomplishments. I'm in the top 1% of my school with a perfect GPA. I started a robotics team, a gaming club, and I became the only girl on the computer science team. I'm very well respected in my fairly large high school but I am also very, very alone.

I don't have a single friend. I've tried and tried again but I can't make friends. I don't know why but no one wants to be my friend. Most guys I know are awkward around me and my interests don't click with a lot of the girls I meet. It doesn't help that I'm as charismatic as a slug and live in a very non diverse area. I do have a boyfriend who cared about me but he's far too busy for me most of the time and I spend all my time alone. I used to play a lot of video games as well on Steam and on League but I find that no one wants to play with me unless I'm with my boyfriend so I end up not playing at all. I don't sleep and and I spend all day staring at my computer but I can't find the energy or will to even play a game or open my IDE or animate or do anything. 

My online friends have all stopped talking to me no matter how much I try to start conversations. I've attempted to talk to old friends and newer ones quite a bit but I receive little to no response. My boyfriend has found another girl and has basically replaced me, so it won't have a huge effect on him either. My family doesn't care about me and want as little to do with my life as possible. They actually get angry if I ask them to attend a small event or anything. Not a single person texts me or asks me to go out and I very rarely get replies if I try to reach out. If I do, the replies are short and seem grudgingly non conversational. I end up locking myself in all day and I don't have any friends in real life or online at all. If I do go out I end up watching movies by myself or something because no one wants to be with me. I don't know what to do and I want to kill myself because I would be making no impact at all on people that know me. 
I did join clubs and organizations last year in my interests like people on reddit suggest a lot in order to make friends. It doesn't help at all because there seems to be pre-established friendships within these clubs that I can't break through. I became active in exercising to try to stave off depression but it doesn't help my mood at all.
All I really wanted was a friend. 

I am quite alone in my life. Everyone says I have a very bright future but I can only imagine a solitary one of utter loneliness and I don't want to live a life like that any longer. Please help. I am very set on killing myself. I've tried everything I can. I tried for so long and I really did try. I reached out and I joined activities but I am just a very unlikeable person and I can't try for much longer.  I have been considering this for a very long time and have gone to the Internet as a last resort. Please help. Any words of encouragement or advice would mean the world to me.