Retelling of my suicide attemptI made a post about this afew hours ago (which got removed for no reason) but i thought i would retell what happened when i almost killed myself. So i haven’t had very good mental health for most of my life. But in the past year a lot of things have happened to me that have had a bad effect on my mental health and things just got worse and worse. I started eating very little and not wanting to wake up in the morning. But in the past 2-3 weeks thinks took a turn for the worse. I just couldn’t tell anyone how i felt which made me feel alone. But about a week ago I had decided that i couldn’t handle it anymore. My parents were out at work so i went to the garage and grabbed some rope. My bedroom is pretty weird because it has support beam type things running along it. Thats were i decided to tie it... I tied it up in the middle of the room away from my bed and other furniture so i wouldnt be able to back out. I tied the rope to a beam (Not very well tho) i tied the rope around my neck but on the highest point on the rope i could so i wouldnt just fall and land on the floor. So once i did that i was ready. I stood on the stool thinking if this was what i wanted but all my brain could do was say yes. I wiped away my tears and kicked the stool really far away. But as soon as Left that stool i regretted my decision i remembered my family and friends, Not to mention how much pain i was in. Then my survival instincts kicked in. I started desperately trying to escape! I was thrashing my legs everywhere trying to stand on something. I started scratching and pulling the rope! I was clawing at the rope so hard i cut and scratched my neck multiple times! I was trying to scream for help but i could barley make any sounds come out! I was starting to accept my fate and i was balling my eyes out as i helplessly hung there waiting to suffocate. All i could think about was the people i cared about. Everything was going dark and i gave up on grabbing the rope. My arms and legs went all numb and fell by my sides. I quietly hung there crying before everything went black. I dont know how long i was hanging there unconscious but at some point sfter i passed out the rope had become untied and i fell to the ground. When i woke up everything felt like pins and needles. My head hurt so bad but i managed to look around my room. I realised i was still alive and started crying soooooo hard. I was so happy i was slive but i was shattered at what i just did. I stumbled into the bathroom and threw up multiple times. I went into the living room and collapsed onto the couch and waited about an hour for my mum and dad to get home. When they got back i was taken straight to hospital. I have no permanent brain damage but i will have some permanent scars on my neck. Im having medication and getting therapy. And yeah.... thats basically what happened. Im still trying to process what i tried to do. That feeling of regret when i kicked the stool was like nothing ive ever felt before. I feel do lucky to be alive right now because if i was better at tying i would be very dead rn. I made a small post about this earlier but it got taken down for no reason (the mod didnt even say why) so thats pretty annoying. So yeah if your going through  a hard time please dont give up... it will ruin (or end) your life... the world is a better place with you in it &lt;3