I want to visit Beachy HeadHello. I used to be farcry9000 but I deleted that account. Too embarrassed about my pathetic past posts.

Anyways that's not too important right now. The fact is, depression and social anxiety have completely defeated me. I used to wake up just feeling depressed, but now I wake up crying and in physical pain/numbness (I didn't know crying could cause physical pain until now...) I also wrote a suicide letter to my sister, the closest person I had to a friend, but now she's become distant and always working. 

I've made way too many serious mistakes in life, and I'm scared of everything  that remotely involves other people. From talking to people to applying for jobs to simply being outdoors. I'm too scared to call a therapist to book an appointment, and I'm too scared to use the suicide hotline (I have telephobia). I can never be a normal person again, and part of me doesn't really want to. As many have said on the subreddit, what's the point of working everyday, then (if you're lucky) you can retire when you're too old to do anything, and finally you die? 

I thought about just leaving my house and travelling (/r/vagabond), but I'm too unfit and untrained (yes, there are skills you need to survive as a hobo). I figured that my money will run out eventually, so I might as well just start being a hobo now. Well, turns out I'm not knowledgeable enough to even be a hobo. I have no survival skills and won't  last a week outside.

So here is my plan. I'm going on the next flight to Beachy Head (or wherever the nearest airport is). I've always wanted to visit UK. I'm going to destroy all my IDs and phone, sit on the cliffs, drink some soda, and enjoy the view for a few hours. I might sit there for an entire day, if the weather is nice. I want to see Beachy Head's sunrise, sunset, and the stars at night. I heard there are patrols there,  and I hope they'll come and talk to me. Because in my current  state I sure as hell ain't got the courage or motivation to approach/talk to someone on my own (btw I have no friends and can't talk to family). If I sit there for 24 hours and nobody helps me, I'll jump. Actually I might jump a bit sooner, if depression clenches me again and I start crying in pain.

The part about destroying my ID (ex. passport) is important, because it'll help me not chicken out. I'll be stranded in UK, and I won't be able to come back. I don't want to come back; if I do, I'll be right back where I am now. Also, if I do jump, I don't want anyone to know I'm dead. I want to just disappear forever quietly. And should a patrol officer stop me from jumping, I'm going to give a fake name and story and beg for a job, food, and shelter. If he refuses, I'll jump too. I think that this drastic measure ought to bring me out of my pit of despair, one way or another. I'll essentially start my life over completely, either in UK or in Hell.

