idk what to doI've been depressed for a while and never sought help. I need help.

I've tried to get past my depression. I thought it was gone for a couple months. I think I just learned how to suppress it for a while. 

I think my childhood attributed largely to my depression. Father died at age 10, bullied in middle school and made an outcast, forced to go to therapy but didn't like it so I never spoke to my therapist when I went so I stopped going, moved 2 times to 2 different states (once before the passing of my father, once after), was taken by CPS from my mom for about 2 months (she wasn't being bad, just our house was a mess. she's very loving). Only have had one girlfriend who cheated on me. I also had one of my best friends commit suicide.

I'm 18 now and I feel alone. I feel like all I do is bother and annoy people, like I'm a nuisance. Things aren't enjoyable anymore, I just want to sleep and do nothing. Things I loved doing just feel like a chore, or like I'm doing things just because I have to kill time, not because I want to do them. I'm graduated, unemployed and starting college in a few weeks. I want to get a job but I have terrible social anxiety and I'm certain I'll fuck up any job I try to work at. I can't help but feel like I'm a fuck up. I'm excited for college, but I have this terrible feeling I'm going to fail and have to drop out. I passed high school easily, but I never did any work, I got out on my ability to write A worthy essays in 1 hour and ability to ace tests. I have trouble sleeping and eating because of anxiety about everything in my life.

I have zero self esteem and feel terrible about who I am. I know I'm wrong about it. I have friends, and they've told me I'm awesome and they love me. I know my family loves me. I know I'm wrong. But I can't stop the voices in my head telling me otherwise. I've convinced myself I'm nothing. I've convinced myself I will never amount to anything. I've thought about suicide but I love my family too much to put them through that. Plus I'm afraid of death. 

Sometimes I wonder if I'm even actually depressed and have anxiety or if I'm just overreacting. I can't tell. I don't know what to do. I want to be better. I want to have motivation and passion again. I try to stay positive and bring joy to others and help others but it's extremely difficult knowing I can't even help myself.

I don't know why I'm posting here. I hope nobody I know finds this. It feels good to write everything down. I don't know if what I'm feeling is normal, if I'm mentally ill, I don't know anymore. I just want help.

I'll be deleting this post soon. If you read this, thank you for your time.