a farewell is coming soon.i’ve been drafting this for forever, since i’m so close to caving in. i just need to release some of the pressure in my chest. why not dump it into here?

keep reading if you want. goodnight everyone. 

-


hi everyone,

there have been so many nights thinking about this... about you all. about this world and my place in it. 

truth is; me and this cruel world don’t mix, we never have and i don’t think there will be a time where we will.

i think some people are destined for greatness, may it be figuring out a cure to a disease, or teaching awareness about something to the people around them- whoever that may be.

 in a way, i couldn’t see myself having a destiny, except hurting those around me without fail. 

maybe this is me trying to be helpful... by destroying myself. maybe time will reset soon  and i’ll wake up tomorrow in my momma’s arms, in gbmc as she cradles me. maybe then we can all start anew, and i’ll be the better katlyn. the one you all thought i could be without this terrible thing in my mind.

i wanted to be better, so much better so we could all skip into oblivion together smiling and laughing, like how i saw the end of things when i was little. 

i hate that i’m so selfish, so terribly selfish, and at the point i’m writing this i’m itching to run into the other room and cry into my parents’ arms. that’s so tiring, this spiral of not-okayness i’m finding myself in. 

here i lay right after the light was turnt out, crying, and spewing out some form of goodbye. however, i cant help but to be sorry.

“sorry”... that makes me laugh almost, makes me remember after volleyball games jokes being made that if my teammates “had a nickel for every time katlyn said sorry” they’d be loaded. i hope my endless apologies never made anyone question their worth, i couldn’t help but feel sorry for breathing, let alone losing the last point in that one match against a school we wanted so badly to beat.

i never wanted to be a quitter, or someone who gave into simple temptation, but these past six or so years have been so far from simple - and i’m so sorry to the people i’ve shut out in attempts to be a better me, a stronger katlyn who could beat anything. 

i’m sorry for anyone who’s angry, sad, confused, even regretful. 

please don’t be.

this is something i’ve chosen, not a teenage fluke. i wouldn’t wish this on anyone, not even the people who have done this to me, the people who’ve changed me in to the terror i am.

i love everyone, with everything i have, but i feel like i’m being pulled away from here - pulled into another adventure where i’m truthfully needed. maybe i’ll be an aid to them. 

i’ll try not to hurt anyone there.

if there’s one thing anyone can take from this is savoring everything you have, and take in what you can around you - even dumb little things. you won’t know if there will be a time where nothing feels real; not even remembering the true feeling of the places you loved the most. live day by day, because all at once your motivation may be pulled from underneath you like a dusty door mat. 

as i’m writing this, it’s almost like i won’t stop.

after all, these are my last recorded words in a way, even thought i’ve edited this time after time - as one day i’m dead set on starting my new journey, then the next i feel so horrible that i push through it in order to make others happy. i may be selfish by admitting this, but the katlyn you knew cant live like this anymore. i cant keep dragging myself around like a rag doll without a soul.
 
please, by my wishes, live how you want. don’t regret anything that has or hasn’t been - that’s how how the world works, right? 

i’m glad i’ve been able to stick around to see so many people grow, even fade. next time you see me, maybe i’ll actually be making it into a good college, on the starting team, or actually be smiling with my eyes, not through a mask i’ve built. one that has built me, in a way.

i hope when you think of me, you think of what i’ve been, not what i’ve done. i think my values were twisted from the get-go, as i wanted too badly to be perfect. hopefully, perfect won’t be even in the vocabulary of the place i’m heading to, wherever that may be.

in my heart, i feel like i’ll see you all again one day, as the person i truly wanted to be. ill be waiting, ready to hug you all again, and bring you on my adventure i’ve created for us.

 i think we’ll be happy. 

don’t ever forget the love you’ve instilled in me, and i will forever be so grateful for everything you’ve given my world. 

i hope you can understand my decision, and trust that i know what i’m getting myself into. 

i love you, i always will. 

sincerely forever,
    katlyn __________







