On the brink 2This is not a cry for help. I am going to commit suicide, it is just a matter of time now. I missed both my classes in my graduate program today. I missed a quiz and I missed a long lecture that means I missed a whole week's worth of material. I used to have dreams I was behind in school work years after finishing college, but now it is happening again in reality. At 32, I am a pathetic human being. I couldn't make it work with my fiancee. She left me for good reason. I was fired from jobs in the past for good reason. I quit permanent employment because of major depression, panic disorder, and probably anxiety disorder too. I probably have a laundry list of psychological problems. I am not meant to continue in this world. It is time for me to go on to the next one. It is time I ended it. It is only a matter of time. Tens of thousands in debt. The psychological condition I am in. I will never make a good living. I will never be wealthy. I will never be rich. I will never have a family. I no longer want to survive in this cruel world. It is quite sane to leave such an insane world. I have been in isolation and I will continue to. I will isolate myself from the living. I will die soon. I find peace in this. When the decision to do it is finally made, there is a sense of peace. Although I have no other terminal illness, my mental medical illnesses are terminal in my opinion. Events have conspired to place me in this condition. Or, I do not have to attribute any meaning to it. Perhaps there is no meaning to it. Perhaps I should be dead already. I am not going to harm anyone else. I should shoot myself at any moment. Maybe I should tell God the medications did it, because now I have the energy to do it. Before I was in major depression. You think your life is so hard? You have problems? I'm tired of hearing other people's problems. That's why I'm not complaining. I'm just dying. Forget the world and all it's problems. Forget this short, nasty, brutish existence.  