Bipolar 1 Death SentenceI am Bipolar
I have spent the last few years trying to say “I have bipolar.” But to the rest of the world all I am is a mentally ill, crazy person. So I might as well embrace what everyone says who knows me.
I have done every single thing to keep myself healthy and well and as a result I got was a manic episode which lost me a very good job, put me 8k in debt and made me lose the respect of every single person in my life. Now I am on medication that has made me gain 50 pounds, kill my sex drive and oh worst of all IT DOES NOT HELP.
Now I work a shitty job, living in a church with 20 other people, doing every single thing I can to stay afloat. But it doesn’t matter, I feel like crap every day, I asked my parents for financial help especially regarding the $800 a month that psychiatric care, therapy and the bill collectors all demand. They said they would help, but made sure that I felt like an absolute piece of shit for asking. I know I’m just an absolute failure, dissapoitng burden to them. At least they won’t have to worry about me anymore and can enjoy their lakeside house with two boats.

Oh and my brother, my wonderful and perfect brother has found a job far away from me. Of course I’ve never been much but an afterthought to him, and I wish him well in his future that will have nothing to do with me. My niece and nephew will never have to deal with their “crazy uncle” which I’m sure is all I’ve been reduced to between him and his wife who hates me with a passion.

And my best friend, who I’ve secreetly been in love with for 10 years and never had the courage to express my true emotions. I feel worst for her, as I will be the third friend of our circle to die. Seriously, I’ve stayed alive so many times for her, and she’s been nothing but caring and empathetic to me in my illness. But there is only so much that I can handle in this life, Im sorry.

How the fuck do I have a future with this illness, it never goes away, it never leaves. When you think you’re good mania or depression comes and destroys everything you have worked on, there is no hope. The only thing which helps is thinking about the day I will die. No more people mocking me for being a fuck up, no more loneliness, no more pain thinking that not only has my past been ruined by this illness, but also my future is really something. Wife? Ha, who on earth would be attracted to this pudgy, characterless, yellow teeth bipolar piece of shit. Kids? And pass on this horrible illness that everyone will despise them for? Help others? I can’t even wake up before 10am, and forget to brush my fucking teeth 3 times a week. I ain’t helping shit.

Death...oh God, let me have the courage when it comes time. You know more than I do the pain I’m in. 

It is coming soon...I just need to get ready.