I’m doneHonestly idk how much longer I can do this. I’ve got whatever undiagnosed mental illness that’s clearly causing me to self medicate w drugs on top of depression and anxiety. It just sucks living my whole 20 years of life like this. On top of that I was sexually abused as a kid. Then I was in a mentally and physically abuse and toxic relationship from ages 15-19 that’s really sucked. 

I’m a people pleaser. I basically bleed myself dry for everyone. I give and I give and I love too hard. And no one really does that for me. I can genuinely say if I died people would get over it quick and it’s my own fault for isolating.  If it helps I suspect I have adhd and or bpd. But idk for sure. All I know is my dopamine is out of whack. 

I just wanna get high and stop feeling I can’t find any drugs and it’s partially a good thing bc I know if I do I’m going to go on a bender and end the bender with milling myself. But one day I will find some and get my wish. 

And I know I’m young and I have my whole life ahead of me. And I know I’m not perfect. But I deserve to be happy. I deserve to be loved. Why have all my relationships been toxic and abusive? Why does my brain work the way it does? 
Why did I deserve any of that? :( &lt;/3

I genuinely just want to die. I don’t wanna do it anymore there’s no reason. How can I even bring a kid into this world it’s so rough man. I’m too sensitive for this world I just wanna hide away and never come out. 

I honestly don’t know where I’m going with this I just needed to vent and now I’m crying. I’m sorry if any of y’all look down on drugs. I don’t wanna so drugs. I wanted to be a happy successful surgeon. But I ducked up. And I’m so sad. And now the only way I can feel something other than sad is with chemicals /: feel like that’s no way to live. I’m tired of it. And  I’m done/: I’ll b gone soon. As soon as I can get what I need I guess. 

I don’t even know how to say good bye to my family. I don’t even know if I should leave a note. I don’t want them to think I died from drugs bc it would look like an accidental overdose if I don’t leave  a note. But idk what’s worse, overdose or suicide. Idk I gotta stop typing I’m not making any sense I’m exhausted. 

Um if you read this I’m sorry it was all over the place. If you have any advice that would be really great. I don’t really know like advice on what but if you have anything helpful and not mean to say that would be nice bc I can’t handle mean rn :( thanks friends