I don't know what to do anymore	I don't even know how to really begin this post other than I am fucking miserable with my life. I'm a senior in aerospace engineering at a really good school for my program, and thus far I've done pretty well in school with about a 3.5GPA. But I just feel absolutely lost and hopeless everyday.

	I haven't been able to get any intern or research experience in my field yet and its absolutely crushing me. I had a couple decent opportunities fucking crumble last summer thanks in part to COVID, so I had to resign myself to working a shitty retail job to make some money. To add to the fact, my fairly young family cat quickly and unexpectedly developed some health problems requiring we put him down right before I came back to school.

	I have struggled a lot with feeling badly the past couple of years, but this year and semester has taken the cake. I told myself I would go straight to grad school so I could avoid trying to find a job without any intern or research experience, but now I'm realizing I may not be able to even fall back on that as my school's program is seemingly quite competitive and I somehow need to find 3 professors to write me letters of recommendation. This is difficult, as my program has been so large its been so hard to ever be more than just another face in the class. Of course a lot of it is my own failure as well, which just helps to perpetuate my current state of intense self-loathing.

Truthfully I hate everything about myself. I am intelligent but waste it due to a seeming lack of enthusiasm or ambition. I find myself to be physically unattractive as well, in addition to a shitty personality that is not capable of sustaining a relationship. I have been in a couple brief relationships in the past, but in the first one I was cheated on, and the second relationship was fairly short and it ended due to my inability to meet the needs of the relationship. Naturally, I was the one who was dumped in both cases.

	Everyday I wake up and feel the crushing weight of self hate and anxiety. I feel like a complete and utter failure in every meaningful aspect of my life. Oftentimes I wonder what it would be like to jump in front of a bus or jump off one of the tall parking garages on my campus. I know I'm too much of a pussy to actually kill myself, but I often wonder or wish for the relief it would bring. Too not need to worry about the stress and anxiety anymore. Too not need to feel a burning self-hatred every second of the day. I don't think I'll be acting on this anytime soon, as I could never do that to my parents, so I suppose I'm resigned to several more decades of being a living waste of space. 

	I just really don't know what to do, or even why I am writing this. I guess I just wanted to type my thoughts out. Maybe I'm still foolishly hoping there is some light at the end of the tunnel, that I'm not unequivocally fucked for the rest of my life. If you made it this far, thank you for reading this garbage. I don't expect any advice or words of comfort/encouragement, I just wanted to put my thoughts into writing I guess.