I'm beginning to formulate a plan. The end may be near.I don't know why I'm posting this, really. I guess it's to feel the only thing I truly wanted before ending my life. I wanted to feel like someone cared, but more than that, I wanted to feel love. I wanted to be a teammate to someone and lift them up while they do that for me. I don't really see that in my future, and I don't want to work towards a future anymore. I'm too fucking lonely to keep going. Everything is too fucking hard. I'm going to make it easy for myself to give up.

My plan is to collect the inheritance I'm owed by the state, notarize a will to leave it to someone I love, and use a suicide bag to cease to exist. At least in this way, someone I care about will benefit from my death, I will no longer be a burden on others, and I won't have to feel the pain I deal with on a daily basis.

The method will be painless and without a sense of panic. I'll simply slip away and be gone forever. No one needs to worry about any suffering I'll feel because there will be none; I'll be stopping all pain forever.

I refuse to blame the world for the way that I feel and to attempt to take revenge on an unfair world. All I ever wanted was love, and I never really got it the way I wanted, but that doesn't mean I need to take that out on the world. The world doesn't owe me love. I never should've existed to begin with.

I guess I'm posting here for a number of reasons. Mainly, I want to leave something somewhere so I can get these feelings out and have them somewhere just in case I actually go through with it.

I've been considering this for a while now, and I'm getting closer and closer to doing it. There's a few things I need to arrange, but they're things that are going to happen whether I do it or not. That will only make it easier for me to do it.

I wish things could've turned out better, but I don't know if I can see myself ever being happy. And if I can be happy, I don't know that I want to go through all the bullshit in order to get there.

All I wanted was to love and to be loved. All I wanted was to have a teammate, friends, and a job that could provide a moderately decent existence. This seems more and more impossible/difficult. I feel more and more that I just want to give up.

I'm probably going to kill myself no matter what; the question is if I'll do it now or when my body begins to give in. I don't know if I want to suffer the emotional pain until my body decides it's time to go.

I'm on the edge, and I may not survive.