Hello againI've posted here before.

An argument with my S.O. got me here. I've since broken up with her and I still feel like absolute shit.

As I said before, my problems with her were not my only ones. I seem to be dishonest and just generally not a good person to be around. And worse off, I just turned 18 not too long ago, and the idea of being out in the world by myself absolutely terrifies me. I can barely make a decision on what to eat how the fuck am I going to make life decisions?

This plus the constant discontent with myself. I kinda hate myself for who I am. Not my physical appearance. That's fine or whatever. I'm underweight (a bit under 140lb at 6ft tall...) but that's it. I hate who I am. I don't like the fact that I have trouble making basic decisions without being scared of what others may think. About making the wrong one. Choosing to break up with my ex was terrifying and still is every time I think about it. I hate that I do nothing but sit around at home, on my computer, doing nothing but program all day. If I'm not programming, I'm watching videos about programming. I hardly contact my friends anymore. I'd rather stay home and program instead of be at school. But in order to get a job programming I have to have a degree or whatever to do that which is bullshit that experience isn't enough to show for it.

I am scared of going on.

I get recurring thoughts about suicide almost every day. It seems like the only way to get away from this.

I talked with my mother about my depressive feelings and stuff and it never went any further than that. I was hoping maybe she'd schedule an appointment with my psychiatrist or something (I have ADHD, so I gotta see him every once in a while) but she didn't and I have no fucking clue how to set up an appointment. It's not like I'd do it anyways. I lack the willpower to make my situation better. I'm lazy.

I want to do it before school starts again so that I don't have to see anybody else besides my parents that I care about before I do it. I hate feeling like I'm letting them down. Sometimes I want to be selfish and this is one of those times.