Personality match?My mind is in extreme danger right now and I have no means of coping (since finishing this post, I have calmed down, defenses are back online at normal strength, all is safe...for now.). There is exactly one person in this world I still consider a friend and talk to, and she is not the sort I can always reach out to. I am alone. Crushingly alone. Most of the time I am ok. But I am on call at work this week, and because of that, the emotional barriers I put in my mind to let me calm down and have peace once I get home are broken. It's my first week on call, I have been woken up in the night every night this week and every time for a problem that either fixed itself or is far beyond my ability.

But that's the tormentor. There is nothing anyone but me can do about that, and my only course of action at the moment is to find another job at another company. Something I am already trying to do. No, that's a lie. Something I keep telling myself I should do but haven't because I want to hide so badly when I get home that I don't want to...my defenses are saturated trying to cope with being alone. They hold up 25 days out of 30, maybe more, until something goes beyond them and then there is no reserve. There is no backup, there is no plan b.

I am 20something, never dated, highly intelligent. I went to a college where the guy:girl ration was 4:1. The women weren't special, but by George if you didn't think they were better than the first meal you'd eaten in 3 days...well, nothing dire would happen, you'd just have to keep hanging out with only guys.

No, the problem goes back farther. The problem goes back to the fact that when I was starting high school I was lied to by both my parents. A lie? Pfft, tons of people lie all day long. Yes, but this lie cost me everything, and almost my life. It tore my mind apart. Because I refused to give up I am still alive. No friends gave me great advice, there was no one to talk to. Religion wasn't significant at that time in my life. There was, and has been, no real healing.

I can't trust people because after that event I became OCD about liars. I can spot a lie or even a “white lie” from a person (when face to face) almost instantly. I cannot stand dishonesty in the same way that iron cannot stand rust. I cannot tolerate a friend who will lie to me. Be honest, even if the truth sucks. Always speak as close to absolute truth as you are physically and psychologically capable. If you think that's impossible, don't bother with me.

Discretion is one thing, but discretion is saying nothing, not telling a white lie (AKA “No honey, you look wonderful.”) Discretion is being honest about everything, and knowing when it is and isn't a good time to bring up something true.

Allowing for the lies of humanity is a symptom though, not the problem. The problem is that for my whole life, no one has had faith in me. I have had to prove I can do something to every single person or place or group I have ever done anything for. I am sick and tired of being called a liar when the core of my personality has been flipped to stop myself from speaking dishonesty or untruth at all times.

The thing isn't that I will kill myself tomorrow if this isn't fixed. It is that I know how I work. I know that if the day ever comes that I stop fighting, that I stop holding on to the tiny shreds of hope I have, I will start a series of highly destructive events that will end in my eventual death; either by accelerated natural causes (IE: starvation due to lack of job, money, and desire to ask others for help) or direct action. Why? Because once I give up, there is no longer any role/purpose that I can serve that will justify my existence to myself at the cost of the unrestrained torment of things I can't deal with alone. No service to others is worth it, nothing I do will justify that level of suffering to my own mind, it will tear itself apart. I know this, because I know how I work.

I make it sound like I haven't dealt with any of my pain. I have, quite a lot actually. The issue is that the bits of pain that are left I have no idea how to deal with myself. No amount of facing abandonment and loneliness will make me stop hating it. Nor will it change the simple fact that there is no other living human to talk to when my own coping mechanisms are utterly overwhelmed. Or maybe it is that I don't want to lock out humanity completely, because...what use is there in tolerating others if I have conquered every pain I have faced alone? I leave those pains unresolved to give humanity a door back into my life.

I spent 10 years looking inwards, watching how I worked so I could heal myself; as there was no other to heal me. 10 years is a long time to spend, it gives you a great idea of what you can do, what you are capable of, and what you should run away from at all costs.

I have so many things to be thankful for, but I can't bring myself to care about them and God knows I have tried hard. I can't feel love from my parents for all the anger I have not just for the lie they told, but also for how cold and callous they were when they were finally informed of their crime. There was no remorse, no apology. Only more anger, the same anger I grew up with. The same anger I have spent the better part of 20 years learning to control and quiet. But that anger...the rage...why stop it if I am the only one in my world? Anger consumes, why not let it consume me, tear me apart, the problem will solve itself if I just let it. &lt;--corrupted logic detected!

I need to be left alone, or need one...special?...human to exist in my world. Alone I can erect emotional walls that will not be broken. If I cannot create them between work and home, I am doomed. No. Realistically, that's a lie. I can create no such wall without going so far away I'd never see a human again. There is one path to survival. One.

If that sounds narrow minded...understand that...I'm big on fixing problems once. There are a whole slew of things that will slow down the degradation of my mind, but only one that will stop it. Keep in mind, it might actually only be one...because that's all my personality will allow for.

By the morning when I check this, I'll wonder why I bothered posting it. But I know the answer deep in my heart: Because the walls are getting progressively less effective, and I'd really rather look in every crack and every corner, ever room and hall, for my reason to continue existing; if there still is one. Exhaust every opportunity ethical and moral; when your time is up, do not run. Accept that you did all that was asked of you. At that point, what reason will you have to fear? You served as you were called.

Afterthought: The God of Abraham, Issac, and Jacob is the God I believe in. In case that helps make some of the more nonsensical statements I made more...understable?

Afterthought2: I read the “Why shouldn't I share my contact info” post...it's remarkably spot on. I have helped a couple people out of suicide, I got my head in their lives, but the mods are absolutely right. An IM is all I ever used. I was on it so frequently that if they needed me anytime except while I was asleep, they could basically contact me. I always dropped what I was doing for them. They are better for it, all of them. Boyfriends (they all happened to be women), good jobs, stable homes, I am glad I could serve them. It's...been a long time since I have had anyone to help.

Also, the fact that I was (normally) an Ocean away from them helped them trust me, as...who could I possibly tell that would know them? Am I really going to make an international call to have the men in white come after them? Hah! Yea right...

No seriously, that post was pretty much perfect and correct in every detail.

Afterthought3: There is a reason I have taken no meds and sought no “professional” help. Part of my survival tactic was being able to rely on the fact that I really was feeling what I was feeling. My reality was real. At the age the lie occurred, going to a pro would have meant telling my parents; an action I was barely ready to take 2 years ago when I did decide to tell them. Having been through college (and taking a decent number of psych courses / knowing ppl going into counseling psych), and hearing stories of professionals...I am better off alone.

4: Compartments, my mind has lots of them. I don't have multiple personalities, I have sectioned off my mind either to keep me safe from myself, or to hide information from my conscious mind (otherwise I would always think about it, or always feel sad because of it, etc). My methods for dealing with issues is not to repress them, but to expose them to one compartment at a time, as I am able to, until I have exposed them to all compartments, and then expose them to groups of compartments until finally all compartments can see that tormentor at once and deal with it together. Clever eh? It works rather well, for me.