19f, long term live-in boyfriend packed up and left while I was at work, haven't eaten in 5 days, just dropped out of school, seizures are getting worse, trying to decide between inpatient or just killing myselfHey all.

It just feels good to get this out. I understand this isn't a relationship subreddit but the context is necessary here. 

We've been dating since 2015, long distance, then lived together for over a year. The relationship was honestly perfect. We treated each other extremely well and there was nothing to complain about. He has bipolar and depression, I have anxiety and depression, I guess both of our fatal flaws were never seeing a therapist. We always figured we could help each other through our mental health. We never really took our mental illnesses out on each other.

Two months ago I had an ugly jealous feeling in my gut to check the messages he had a year ago with a mutual friend of ours, "Jane." He had a thing with her before he and I met, and for the first part of our relationship she was really friendly with me AND him but something always felt off to me. I did what I'd never done before and read his messages with her. Found out for the first 4 months of our relationship, he was basically cheating on me with Jane, asking her to come over for netflix and chill, saying I love you, complimenting her, saying "but I'm not a cheater though lol." In the same conversation, they would then talk about how great I was. Total brainfuck.

After reading that I went on a drive. This was the first time I had ever felt angry at him. I called my best friend hysterical saying how much I hated him and I just wanted to die. She talked me down and about an hour and a half later I come home, my now-ex realizes I read his messages and responds to my tears with a scoff, asking why I'm making such a big deal out of something that happened so long ago. I break down crying because I had been cheated on in a very similar situation in my last relationship. He then breaks down crying about how he doesn't deserve me/doesn't understand why I'm with him, etc. I spend the rest of the night reassuring him that I'm not going to leave, that he isn't a bad boyfriend, that I need time but I can forgive him, etc.

I guess that was the start of the end.

He went from full-time to part-time in the job he was doing extremely well at. I advised against it but it wasn't my call to make, and we could pay bills just fine if he went to part-time. Shortly after, I noticed him slipping into a depressive spiral. He'd drink beer and play league of legends literally any moment he wasn't at work. I'd wake up, he's playing league. Get back from the gym, he's playing league. Make breakfast, he's still playing league. Come home from work, he's still playing league just with two empty bottles of booze next to him now. 

I figured this was all just depression, and I needed to let him cope. So I'd sit on his lap while he'd play video games, ask him if he's winning, kiss him on the cheek, whatever. Then the day would end, we'd have sex, all good right?

The last month has been hell. I had felt completely neglected and like I was just an annoyance to him. I beat myself up so much on the inside that my anorexic tendencies started coming back. My seizure disorder came back full swing. There was one instance where I was so disoriented I threw up in the bed all over the sheets, myself, and my hair then passed out. I woke up and he was sleeping on the floor while I'm still covered in puke that had been sitting for 6 hours. When he went to work, I had to drag myself out of bed, shower off puke (sitting down, I couldn't even stand) and hose off our sheets before running out the door to work. The fact he didn't even offer to help should have been a sign that he just didn't care anymore?

I would sit down with him often and ask how he was. He always said he was fine, just needed to "decompress." Several times I was crying, asking him why I felt like I annoyed him every time I talked to him and what I could do differently. Nothing ever changed.

So during that month I was hardly eating, going to the gym, getting a seizure every other week, and still doing all the housework. Cooking, cleaning, laundry, it was exhausting. I dropped out today, but at the time I was still a full time college student. And working full time. He just had a part time job and wouldn't do anything around the house to help.

My full time job has also been shitty but it provided us a place to live (weird housing situation). So I'm sure hating my full time job and having all the stress of full time college too just made it worse but I had no other choice. If I didn't work there full time, there was nowhere for us to live, end of story.

The day he left, I had another talk with him. We had plans to move to another state soon so I can finish my degree at a school I've been excited to attend, which is also by his hometown. I think I scared him by giving him an ultimatum and saying I wasn't sure how things are going to work if it continues like this. I couldn't keep doing literally everything on top of full time work and school and my declining health. He got a really weird look in his eyes and said "I know I need to make some changes." That night I come home from work and nearly everything of his is gone. He left about a 7 sentence note, his pet leopard gecko, and just no-showed to his job (he's fired now) and went back to his hometown.

The relationship was real shitty at the end but oh my god I miss him. I keep getting flashbacks to all these good memories (2 years is a long fucking time) and wondering what the hell I did wrong. I hid my eating disorder pretty well from him so I know that wasn't it. Maybe I nagged? Maybe it was the seizures? If I had known he was so miserable I would've said fuck it to my job and college and gone anywhere he wanted, done anything he wanted, whatever. I've always been an extreme people-pleaser. I would have done anything to make him stay.

Either way this has thrown me real fucking deep into a hole of self-hatred and depression and I've physically been unable to eat for the last 5 days. He left me on Wednesday, it's now Monday and the only thing I've been able to consume is 10 oz of cranberry juice yesterday.

My mom wants me to go into inpatient. I'm thinking why waste 3 days in a hospital when now's a better time than ever to kill myself. I won't have to worry about my weight, about transferring my credits, about missing him, about explaining myself to his family (they're all distraught), anything.

Things are pretty dark right now. I've lost my reason to live and I'm not physically or mentally strong enough to carry myself through the stress of such a fucking terrible breakup. On the bright side I'm back to my goal weight of 115lbs. The end.
