My brother posted on his facebook that he would kill himself tonight. Now in hospital. Anything helpsMy brother is M27. Bipolar.

We were close when we were young, I'm M(23) but we grew apart while he was in high school and thereafter. 

He is bipolar and has stretches where he is fine, but will have prolonged depression that he says gets worse each time. During college he said it was 14 months, he some some since, and now has been depressed for 2 months. He has been talking about suicide, he mentioned putting a razor to his wrist, but I dont see how he could kill himself that way. 

He has no self esteem, no confidence. He asks a lot if we support him and care. He is broken. He doesn't believe he is smart, even though he is very smart, creative, and introspective. He did film for a while and made some money doing that for a few years until he had this breakdown.

So today, he wrote on his facebook his goodbyes. Someone called the cops and police came to take him to the hospital. He will go to the mental hospital soon after. Obviously this is hard for everyone.

He believed in God before, thinking about being a priest, then became a staunch atheist for years until a few months ago when his depression came back. He says he also hallucinates. 

EDIT: I looked on his computer. Religion he says is the source of his unhappiness, apparently fairly typical for a bipolar. He knows it's not real but he keeps believing it, and it tears him up.

Sorry for my scattered thoughts. I told him that we have an endless amount of support, and that even though he feels there is no hope, that he can't convince himself that he can get out of his misery, that it's ok right now. It's not his fault, and that this is a temporary as he has gotten out of this before. 

To say this would devastate my family is an understatement as all of us can assume. 

He will now be a few miles away being taken care of, but what can I do now? What can my family do to help ourselves and him? I'm personally hurt, but I know this would kill my mother and is killing her now. She is my first priority now, and my dad. 

So what can I do now for my brother and for my parents?

