I have never felt this low in my entire life and I am terrified to deal with all of my responsibilities that have piled up. I’m scared and I don’t want to turn to the worst possible outcome but I keep having thoughts about it.i have been looking for someone on reddit who is facing the same things as me but I simply can’t rn. 

through my life, my motivation has gotten worse and worse to the point where I watch myself spiral down. 

during lockdown my procrastination was so bad and it’s all I can think about and it’s the first time I have genuinely considered ending it. 

first of all, I’m studying for a highly competitive career that I didn’t want to do but I changed my A- levels to do it because of pressure from parents and I had no more fight left in me to convince them to let me do English Literature at uni. 

I have to catch up on all my subjects, write a 5000 word EPQ essay, 2 personal statements and I have a major uni entrance exam in 4 days and i have been scoring incredibly poor marks so far. 

I feel like I have dug myself into this hole and couldn’t talk to anyone about it in the process because I made the mistake of acting like I was handling everything well. I had 60 days to prepare for this exam but I fucked up big time. 

look, I know I may sound pathetic for getting so frightened over my grades but as a child of an immigrant family this is a very big deal because my parents are so hard working and they pay so much for me to get a good education. they deserved a better daughter. 

im not going to get good predicted grades either going into year 13 and everything is becoming so overwhelming and I have loud thoughts in my head all the time. I struggle to let them out in any form as lots of my communication has decreased significantly. many of my friends are going through a lot so I can’t talk to them about this rn. i always try to find ways to stop procrastinating but they’re very short lived and it becomes this toxic cycle of me planning to work and then never working. 

i feel so worthless right now. I wish I could have done better. the regret is eating me alive. i can’t afford to disappoint my parents again and again. i don’t know what to do- someone please help me
i feel so scared and alone