HelloI tried committing suicide last night. I went to wal mart, grabbed some donut holes, orange juice, found some tubbing for a wash machine, and shipping tape. I parked somewhere no one could find me and I hooked eveything up to the exaust and just sat there in my car. After about five minutes I started getting really dizzy. My ex started calling and I opened my window and answered. Why does one person have so much power over me, I wonder. I've been through a lot of shit in 2017.. I'm not saying I'm worst off than everyone else.. I just feel stuck in this swamp of depression. I can't hold a job, and my mom can barely pay the bills. I'm 24 and I'm suppose to be a man, I should be paying the bills for her but instead I'm just trying to get high on anything I can get a hold on. 

My ex got pregnant 7 months ago.. I was so excited to have a family. I had this fire and sense of excitement that I knew I was going to do eveything physically and mentally possible to do what had to be done for my family. She ended up changing her mind and I paid for an abortion for her. She dumped me 2 days later and has been sleeping with other dudes since then. I hate depending on people but I can't stop trying to get a hold of her. I'm actually with her right now but I feel like she's only her cause she knows how bad of shape I am in. She's about to go clubbing with a bunch of dudes and especially with one that she told me she slept with recently. 

My family isn't very supportative. I've begged for help and I went to a hospital but I don't like it. I just feel even more depressed. I just want to stop feeing this way guys. I was so happy a year ago and now I feel like I can't even look myself in the mirror.. I've lost like 20 pounds in 2 weeks cause I'm just getting worst and worst. I'm about to go home from my exs and I know I'm just going to sit there and be bored and have nothing to do but be depressed. 

My parents just got a divorce recently, my dog died, and I'm just lonely..

Sorry for the way I explain things and my English. Never really cared about school as you can see from my writing skills haha.