21F worthless isolated loserI don't have any close friends, my parents are dead and even though I'm at a university surrounded by a lot of people, I feel alone more than ever. I don't have anyone to talk to so this post will most likely be fairly long.

I was adopted when five and my adopted parents pasted away my freshman year of High School. I was physically abused by my biological mother and verbally abused by my adopted parents until their death. I have permeant scaring on my legs from cigarette buds that my biological mother would burn me with. I don't remember much since I was so young, but the permeant scaring on my legs is a constant reminder. 

My biological parents may not have physically abused me, but the emotional distressed they have caused me is something I may never shake. When I messed up me parent would yell at me or give me a "but whopping" (which I don't really consider abuse compared to what my biological mother did) and if I cried I was spanked again. My "dad" was super verbally abusive. He would tell me that I was worthless and ugly and if I messed up he would call me a piece of shit. Which really messed me up. I remember my freshman year of college I didn't do so good on one of my programming assignments and my first thought was to kill myself because I had failed. I have extreme anxiety in social settings which inhibits me from making friends or having people want to be my friend. 

My whole life I have never felt like I had a family and that is something I want more than anything. I have been feeling extremely low recently because I'm beginning to realize that I may never have a family of my own. A lot of girls my age are beginning to get engaged and no one has ever bothered to pursue me. I have never even been asked out on a date. I feel unwanted and I am beginning to think that I may never have a family of my own. I'm sick of being worthless. 

If somehow I were to find out rn that I would end up alone, I would not hesitate to kill myself at that exact moment. 

I don't think I can take much more of this. 

I wish my (bio) mom would have drowned me in that bathtub.