Need help with my suicidal motherHey guys! So my mom hasn't been doing too well for the past couple of years and seems to be walking down the path toward another suicide attempt, but helping her is kind of a tough situation and I'm at a loss of what my next options are, so I was hoping someone would have some advice!  
  
My mom's story is very long and elaborate, but I'll try to sum it up. She was diagnosed with fibromyaliga and bipolar disorder in 2000. She didn't have the best doctors, so she wound up on 14 different medications to try and treat her. She was getting by alright with that for 12 years, but she and my dad fought a lot (mostly verbal, with one incident where she cornered him and he pushed her into a door). She also fought a lot with her mom, with whom she has had a really rough relationship with since she was a child. So when I was in high school, she really started to lean on me for support since most of her issues were with her mom and my dad. She does have another daughter but she distanced herself from our mom a couple years ago, so let's basically consider me her "only child" in this situation. She also slowly lost all her friends (due to some of the social reasons I'll describe later on).  
  
Since I was her only real support system, it really hit her hard when I moved 3+ hours away for school. She and my dad fought more, and the spring semester of my freshman year she tried to OD. She was unsuccessful and was institutionalized for a while, then released. The following year she became much more motivated and seemed to be picking her life back up, but for the past two or three years it's been a sad decline.  
  
I can see her mental health spiraling downward. Not just in a will-to-live kind of way, but in a paranoid/dissociated kind of way. She claims that everyone around her is psychopathic/narcissistic/bipolar. Her primary target for this has become my dad. It's gotten to the point where every conversation reverts back to the terrible things my dad does and says to her (very few of these claims are elaborated on and the ones that are seem to be able to be chalked up to my dad being frustrated at constantly being called a psychopath/narcissist/crazy person). Since my dad's "mental illness" became the only thing she could talk about, and since she won't/can't leave him, she lost all her friends. They became too frustrated with her always complaining and never acting to change her situation. She doesn't trust anyone anymore, either. I am the sole person that she trusts, and even then I think she has a degree of skepticism towards me. She doesn't trust her doctors, so asking her to talk to her doctor about how she's been feeling yields no results. She doesn't trust the police or government workers or hospital workers. She certainly wouldn't trust anyone if I asked her to voluntarily admit herself. Her response would be somewhere along the lines of, "I'M not the crazy one, YOUR FATHER is the crazy one, HE is the one that should be locked up!" Now, I'm not trying to discredit what she says, and I really don't want to be just another person that's writing off her claims as her being "crazy," but I've seen the way my dad interacts with her and I really don't think that her claims are substantial.   
  
She does have good and bad days, like everyone does. But the bad days, aka the days where she sends me messages telling me that she's sorry she couldn't live to meet her grandkids or see me get married and then goes offline, are happening more and more frequently and it's getting to the point where I can't handle being solely responsible for her. I'm not local and I'm not a doctor.  
  
So here's the other kicker - she and my dad are in an awful financial situation. They're both terrible with money. If I were to take a guess, I'd say that they probably have at least $250,000 in debt and essentially no way to pay it off. So any options that cost any sort of money are almost automatically ruled out.  
  
What can I do to help her or get her some kind of professional help? I've suggested going to a women's shelter, which is a no go. She wants to come live with me, which is a no go for a lot of reasons. I don't think she can go to a hospital because of the money. She doesn't trust her doctor. She doesn't trust my dad or her mom (and her dad passed a long time ago). I'm at such a loss at this point.  
  
I'm sorry if this wasn't the best place to make this post, and I'm sorry this turned into such a long story. It was very therapeutic to write it out though. There's a lot more to her condition, which I'll elaborate on if it's relevant to any suggestions.  
  
You guys are a wonderful group &lt;3 thanks for doing what you do