I don't know what to say or who to talk toSo I wrote this on my phone a few hours ago. I've been reading it over and over and over. I thought it would help just to write it down. But, as has been the case every other time I've tried, it just made me feel worse. Before I blindly paste it, here's some background:

I was a very unhappy person until I moved far away for school. I excelled at a very difficult program at a cheap but well regarded univeristy. To this day I have academic peers that tell me I am very talented. Which for some reason I resent. The closer graduation drew, the more depressed I became. Drug and alcohol and abuse are the only ways I've known to cope with my problems, so I took binging to the extreme. I've become repressed, withdrawn, and depressed. I've failed classes, which took my GPA from 3.8 to 3.0 in a semester. I've been fired from my job . I can't pay my rent or bills, and im facing eviction soon. My friends, as  much as I'm sure they care, don't want any thing to do with me. I'm isolated. My insurance is null and void (us obv), so I can't even afford professional help if I wanted to. I've called hotlines. I've talked to people on free chat bs (honestly most people on these suicide text sites are... not trained to put it politely). I have talked to my friends. My peers. My (former) coworkers. My (former) boss. No one can seems to help. They all say the same thing. Either I need to nut up and shut up, or I don't have it that bad in the first place. Or its the whole 'you're gonna be okay'. I'm NOT okay. I haven't been okay as long as I can remember. 

No one can seem to help. I want to be okay. I. Just . Don't. Know. How. All in think about is suicide. All day every day. Anyway, the rest of this post is what I wrote in my phone. Sorry for wasting your time.


--------------------
I feel alone. I feel scared. I feel worthless. I feel like no one knows just how much I want to die.

My name is -----, and as long as I can remember I've wanted to kill myself.

It's not like I would. Or that I could inflict that kind of pain onto people. I just want to dissapper, to have never been born.

I never lived that hard of a life. I have a family that at least acts like they care. I have amazing friends. Really, my life is pretty good. I just don't want to live.

I can't articulate why I feel this way. I could never explain it to anyone around me (I've tried), let alone my phone. But I just have this possessive thought of not being alive. Of not having to work so hard to be miserable.  Of being free from anxiety and depression. 

It's this consuming thought. This idea that I can't shake. It's not just when I'm down. I want to die when I'm happiest of all. Just the fantasy.... the idea that I could stop being unhappy, it's so consuming that I rarely think of anything else as I fall asleep. It's like a safety blanket, encompassing me, and pretecting my psyche from irrepreble harm. It's like a shield - no matter how fucked up I get in the head, It won't  affect me, because I can just off myself later.

TL;DR: I SUCK