Literally sitting in a bathroom at 4:30 AM and crying
Throwaway

I’m actually garbage. It’s incredible to think that someone like me has any friends or people who stand me at all. I’ve tricked these people into thinking I’m worth having around, and I’ve even tricked some into loving me. I always reciprocated because I truly felt the same but eventually they saw who I truly was and ran. I’m truly convinced that some people are pretending to enjoy my company in order to get closer to me, that way they can release some dark secret they think I have. But I’ll be honest, I’m pretty open with how garbage I am. I’ve said and done awful things to people who don’t deserve it. I don’t deserve genuine companionship or love, or anything resembling it. I hate to admit it but I deserve to be lonely for the rest of my life, and there’s no one to blame for it but me. I couldn’t survive it either, I love talking to people. But I’m not worth it. I’m ugly, but there are uglier people who get along fine. Why? Because they’re decent people. However, I’m both atrocious in looks and behavior. I’ve treated so many people terribly and yet people are so disillusioned they think I’m a good person. Newsflash, I’m awful. You just don’t want to admit you’re friends with a bad person and don’t want to make the effort to cut me out. Well, yet. As soon as people move on and no longer are forced into contact with me, they’ll let go immediately. They’ll cut ties and I shouldn’t be surprised. I’ll be hurt but I have no right to be. These people are so much better than I have any potential of being. This whole essay is just a giant vent but what do I hope to gain from it? Pity? I’m a drama whore, I’m awful at what I do, I put myself higher than I deserve to be, I talk shit about people, I am genuinely unpleasant, and I should die. But here’s the thing, I can’t. People will tell me I shouldn’t, not because they care, but because they can’t bear the knowledge of a death of someone they knew if it was preventable. It has nothing to do with me as a person, because if it did they wouldn’t try to stop me. But because suicide is such a stigma, here I am. One attempt later (which was so half assed) and I’m still just as fucked up. I can’t find the will to enjoy things anymore. I’ve relapsed. I’m worthless. And my stupid attention seeking ass will probably share this and go “boo hoo help me” but there is no helping me. I’m a lost cause, wading my way through the shit hole that is life until it’s over. My life isn’t even terrible even tho I deserve to have a worse one, yet I still complain and lament. I’m so fucking pathetic lol. I hope I careen off a cliff, either physically or mentally, so I can stop trying to keep up the façade that is (my name), happy college student that wants to go to law school and has friends. Everyone hates me, and if they don’t it’s because they don’t know who I really am, and they should. I’m SO awful at everything. I can’t begin to imagine how much worse life will get. For someone ugly and lazy like me, I’ll never get a good job, or any for that matter. I’ll never find a woman who will settle for me, and even if I did I’d either reject her or do something dumb to drive her away. No woman has truly loved me for who I am, because they can’t stand me. It fucking sucks, honest to god. I can’t keep burdening my friends with this shit, it’s tiresome. They don’t need to see this, and I’ll lose them if I do. They’ll see through my shit and they’ll send me to a fucking psych ward or something, which won’t help. The mental health system in this country fucking sucks. I’m a god damn narcissist who can’t have any interest in anything that doesn’t have to do with me. I am disgusting. The lowest that decent society has to offer. I am a scum bag, human trash. An insult to the term “human”. I deserve to be forgotten and thrown away. I’m surprised I haven’t yet. The smart people disowned me. The dumb ones still talk to me. I should read this often to remind myself how fucking worthless and disgusting I am. I’m going to stop trying. I’m going to give up my commitment to things that improve myself. I give up on trying to improve my situation, my life. I give up on (my name). I give up on myself. 