I'm 12 a twelve year old boy, I just want to wrap a cord around my neck and die. Please help me.Hey, I'm just a 12 year old kid and I feel super suicidal. I just want to get out of the godforbidden shit-shack called school. 
I have a best friend, but every time I try to hang out with him, he sees his other best friend and I instantly become a third wheel. He says that we likes us both the same but it is just so obvious that he likes him more than me. 
I keep telling my parents that I want to be homeschooled and they say, "it's not what is best for you." 
I was searching ways to kill myself quickly and painlessly on the internet and my mom saw my history and she told me dad. That was the night I was going to end it all. My dad called on his way to work and called my mom. (They are divorced which is one of the reasons I'm so depressed, but at least thy are still friends). My dad started texting me and my mom talked to me about it. The way they were so upset and crying and begging me to not take actions is one of the reasons I'm holding back with every fiber in my body. 
My sister was all of a sudden so much nicer to me, so Im pretty sure my parents told her. 
I have an appointment in about a week but I don't know if I will live to see it. :( 
My dogs are so happy and sweet. I love my dogs, sister, and parents the same. I love baseball and I'm very talented at it, which is one of the reasons I don't pull the trigger everyday. 
I spend a lot of time with my dad and we are basically best friends. I would love to spend more time with my mom, but she is depressed too and she gets upset and angry very often. I am always worried my parents will be disappointed or my sister will make fun of me if I bring home a C or lower. 
I almost killed my self with a cord earlier today and I had it tight around my neck for  about 3 seconds when somewhere deep down inside told myself to stop what I'm doing and calm down. 
I hate school so much and my parents always think I'm being bullied, but the truth is, I'm not. I'm just like every other kid who hates schools, but just to a way higher degree of hatred and despise toward the damned place. I don't even cuss a lot but this subject just pisses me off so much. I'm loved by many people who I know would be upset. 
The thing is, I always want to commit sluiced but every chance I get, I don't even though I could spare myself of the years of torture to come with just 10-30 seconds. 
I'm never happy anymore and even when doing things I love I'm not happy and I just want to not be depressed and not hate school with so much anger and despair. 
I also have Tourette Syndrome which I don't think helps the situation.
SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME! I CANT TAKE IT AND I NEED ADVICE! 😔😔 