By the time I feel like I've been 'sorted out' I won't have any time left to live so...I can't help but catastrophize everything time related that pertains to me 'getting better' for whatever that means and it constantly draws me back to the quick solution of ending my life.

As I see it, I've got years of therapy which in theory could help me attack my deepest issues but then it still won't change the way I look so it's going down a rabbit hole to nowhere.

Of all the things I need to change about the way I look, I desperately need to get my teeth sorted out which means waiting until the end of February for an appointment with the orthodontist to start the process of treatment which will take years and the results of that may still not be satisfactory to me. (I've got a lisp and I want rid of it more than I want to end my life but they've given no guarantee it'll go away with my mouth sorted out)

I could then have sorted teeth but still the rest of me will look awful so I still won't find anyone so I'll still be lonely and still despise the way I look so I'm back to square one only many years older and many thousands of pounds worse off.

I could carry on going to the gym but then end up completely ripped and super healthy and still completely unattractive in both my own and the opposite sexes eyes.

I could forget about finding someone and accept being single and on my own so then I'll start thinking about what I actually want to do just for me.

I could apply for a TEFL course and voyage abroad but not enjoy it and I could apply to do a sociology and psychology course but not enjoy that either. I could try my hand at many a different thing with the end result being me a bunch of years older and still at the absolute bottom of the food chain.

I could do a great many things and have nothing to show for it and still be utterly miserable. In fact, I'm pretty sure I'll do exactly that and that's exactly what will happen.

Or I could just end it all now and save myself the trouble and the easy option is always better than one you've actually got to put effort into without guarantee of success right?

That gnawing thought of you can do this but this'll get you down anyway is always there and I just want a way out.

I'm already doing everything I possibly can to push everyone away from me to ease the lingering guilt I'd have for dropping it on everyone left behind.

It's the irrational side of your head telling you to just get it over with but it sounds so much more rational than the wait and see side does.