There's nothing leftI don't understand why society still expects me to keep trying. You can check my post history from the last 3 years since I failed school and see my descent into madness, how long I've wanted to be done with life. I've tried to get help countless times. Meds don't do anything or make me worse, CBT and DBT don't help, I don't have the energy to do what I need to do to make my life better.

I don't need help with my mind anymore. I need an opportunity to get started in my field, or a way to go back to school that doesn't require me to be working whenever I'm not studying. I need an easier way because I just don't have the energy or drive to live the difficult way like everyone else has to. I'm sick of trying and failing, I'm sick of being underpaid at my shitty job.

It's only indirectly related to money though. It's really this town I hate living in. I'd leave but it's too difficult without money for someone who's depressed. Doable, but not for me. I need stability before I'm able to make changes but being here prevents me from attaining that. I was brought here as a kid so I really never had any say. College was my ticket out. I can't go back (because of money), so now what? I make python scripts and get paid $9/hr. I'm also a JavaScript web dev with react/redux knowledge but no one fucking cares when you're in the middle of nowhere, and I'm expected to have a CS degree and 2+ years of experience for most jobs doing that.

Life is a joke. Yeah it could be worse, and it HAS been worse. But in my mind, having all this debt with nothing to show, and still having to live in this shitty town where there's nothing to do except exist, is like a personal hell. I'm lucky to have my job (or any IT or programming related job) in this town and I STILL manage to find a way to hate it, even though I practice mindfulness and try to appreciate what I have.

I'm just fucking cursed to be miserable. I'm not even sure if a better opportunity is going to help, but the hope for something like that is the only reason I'm still alive. Most people would have gotten over failing school and figured out a way to move on by now. Three years and there's nothing to show. And soon there will be nothing left, I won't have to care anymore.