I'm useless and but I can't die because my mom's a stupid bitch
My mother said that she cannot deal with 2 sick children, and as my sister has tried suicide many times, the "suicidal pass" in my house has already been used by her. My mom said I can do anything I want, except try to commit suicide, but isn't it my fault that I was born that way? I also wish I didn't feel like dying, but I can't do anything. I can do anything i want but the only thing i want is to die and she won't let me do that.
I also hate my mother for protecting me too much since childhood, and now I don't know how to do anything without her help, and when she dies i know I won't have the money to buy food and I will starve (which doesn't scare me much , since I also have an eating disorder and can't wait to starve and die). I never had a job and I don't even know how I would start looking for one (and I can't, because the pandemic is screwing everything up), and I actually don't really need to work because I'm in college but I hate fucking college, I hate this stupid course that I chose because I didn't have suicidal thoughts at the time i started it and I didn't know I would ever feel like this. Even if I somehow manage to graduate and get a job (I don't think I will, because I suck at everything and I don't know how to do anything), I know that I'll never be able to work as a psychologist, because I won't trust myself to treat someone with suicidal thoughts when I have them myself and I can understand exactly what the person is feeling. If I'm going to be a psychologist and I still haven't found reasons not to kill myself, I would never be a hypocrite to the point of trying to get someone else to find reasons for themselves.
I hate college and I want to quit, but I can't because it's the only thing I do, and my mom agrees that I don't need to get a job until I finish studying, but not having a job makes me feel worthless, and at the same time i don't want to be stuck in a horrible job (i don't care if it pays too little, i'm just afraid it's a job i hate). So I can't drop out of college, but I also don't believe in the shit they're teaching me and I know I won't be able to help anyone. I will never be able to function in the world like a real person, I am useless and stupid and I do not deserve to be alive, I should stop trying and really starve so people will take me seriously or at least I'll finally die.