couldnt think about a non cheesy title so have thisHi, I don’t know why Im writing this maybe just to see what people outside think.

I’m 19 years old, I got two siblings a big sister and a young brother and two parents and Im getting along with all of them really well they love me and I love them, I got friends and friends Im more close with and they are there for me whenever I need them to, my job is exactly what I wanted it to be, my parents and I are financially ok, I got everything I want and more, I came out to everyone as homosexual without even one person saying anything bad about it, I never suffered a loss, I don’t know what else good in my life to mention but Im pretty sure you get the idea.

I got all that, all those good things about my life, some would say my life’s perfect, I would say they’re perfect, and I am still suicidal. 
Why?
Why on earth should I be suicidal when I got all that?

There is one thing in my life that makes me feel that and it is the fact I am without a partner.
It makes me feel way too sad about it, makes me feel like nothing else matters, like non of the things above matter, which is not true I know all of these matter way more than finding a partner but I don’t feel it.

It took me 5 years to ‘accept’ or at least being opened up enough to talk about my sexuality and come out.
During those five years I shut myself I didn’t let anyone know anything about me, the only things I said were either lies or stories about things I did with other people. 0 conversations about how I feel about anything, I even lied about my music taste.
During these five years I was introduced to self harm, I used to cut myself at first because I thought people would see and realize something was wrong about me but with time self harm made me feel momentarily better every time I felt bad. I had many thoughts about suicide, two suicide attempts were interrupted by people without them knowing I was trying to commit suicide. But all that is irrelevant I just said that so you’ll get the idea of how I got to self harming.
After I came out I thought I felt better and thought Ill be opened about everything but I was not opened about my suicidal thoughts and my self harming they never left me till this day I am self harming and having suicidal thoughts.
I am seeing a psychologist once in every two or three weeks which is what I can get from my job. I’ve been seeing her over a year now and I have not felt any difference, it feel like we’re using a plaster on a broken arm. I feel like we’re working about everything around the problem and not the problem itself. She told me what’s her plan to make me feel better and it made sense to me, but its not working.

I just wanted to see what other people who are not familiar with me think about my situation. I’d appreciate honesty even if it isn’t pretty. 

Thank you for your time if you read this.