I don't deserve to be here.So no one is probably going to read this, but hi anyway.  And before I start to ramble on (which no one has to read, trust me it's better if you didn't), I might as well say that I'm using a throwaway account because I'd rather not have this traced back to me. Anyway, I'm feeling really shitty... Like lower than I've been in a while shitty. I've just graduated from high school and sense no purpose on my life. I can't get a job, despite trying for months. I feel like a burden to my family because of this (and several other reasons) and my family is already barely scraping by money wise as it is, so me not having a job is really taking a toll on them. 

In addition to the whole job fiasco, I'm extremely self centered, which is actually quite ironic because even though I'm self centered, I have a really low self esteem. This all makes me feel so fucking shameful of how I treat others, especially those I love. I just don't see the whole point in life anymore. The world doesn't need another lazy and self centered person in it,  right? We already have enough. I've just done so many horrible things to people (waaaay more than what's said on here) and I shouldn't be alive because of it. I don't deserve to be alive and I really wish I wasn't. 

I've been thinking of suicide for a long while now and I feel as though my final times are approaching. I've had my notes written for months now and I've attempted numerous times before, but I don't think I was serious then... Now, however, I believe I might be. I have a method planned out, but just don't know exactly when I should do it. I'm thinking about doing it on the weekend when I'd be alone, so there's no chance of anyone finding me in time to save me. Truthfully, I don't want to die and I'm scared to as I'd leave behind all of those I love and I'd be left with an unfoundable mystery, but I realize that I'm past saving... And that I deserve to die and that there is no other option left for me. I don't know why I'm writing this to you all (or possibly to an empty crowd), but I guess it's to say goodbye.

Also, I apologize for my ramblings and possible grammar mistakes. I've been drinking a bit, and although I know for certain that I'm not drunk, I find myself unbothered to check back for mistakes. 