I'm going to die in June of 2020.Today I picked up my meds after therapy. 

I have insurance through the ACA. With my co-pays, I can't afford my rent. Which is already four days late. My landlord is texting me pissed. I made up a half-truth about a client being late to pay me for some work and told him that I'll take care of it ASAP.

I've got some side work. I'll PROBABLY dig myself out of this month's hole. Next month this will happen again. And the month after. And the month after that. I'm sick of this. 

I can't afford the meds that (barely) keep my sane. Weed helps, but I'm choosing my premiums/co-pays/bills over that. 

Literally nothing is going to change. I'm not happy. I'm done. 

But I'm also a spiteful motherfucker with a glimmer of a will to live. So if I go down, I'm going to cause chaos in my wake. 

I'm going to wait things out until the primary election. There are two candidates running in my party who are heavily in support of medicare for all. Medicare for all would save me. I'd be able to go to therapy as much as my therapist asks. I'd be able to afford my medications. I'd be able to pay my rent, food, and maybe keep my car.

If one of those candidates is the nominee, I might get the help I need. If they aren't, I won't.

So if the Democrats don't nominate someone who supports medicare for all, I'm going to take out as much possible credit card debt as I possibly can and use it to ensure that Donald Trump wins. 

I'm a poor person. I make $10/hour. It hasn't always been this way though. I scrape by, and I'm weirdly good with debt. I have a credit score in the mid-to-high 700's. I choose not to utilize any of that 

I'll start with Facebook ads. I'll target PA, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin democrats with a very heavy "don't vote" message during the general election. I'll target people who follow MLM companies, weird religions, anti-vaccination types, and other very gullible persons. I'll do everything I can to spread the message of, "why vote? Yours doesn't matter."

I'll hire an Instagram model to be the face of this "movement." Let's make her a video gamer, too. I'll pay her to stream on Twitch and flirt with boys... not only to influence those boys not to vote in their first presidential election ("why does it matter... ping times will be low while losers are out voting") as well as to amplify "her" message that voting is dumb.

Then, come November, when Donald Trump wins and ensures that EVERYONE is miserable as I've been for the last 35 years, I'll take my last $400, buy a handgun, and shoot myself in the head. 

I'm an asshole... I don't care. Help me or I hurt everyone.