It's my daughter's birthday and instead of being happy I'm sitting alone trying not to kill myself.She's 4 today. She is my whole life. Let's start with a quick rundown. 

I'm 28 and I live in NYC. I'm married to a wonderful woman who has given me more second chances than I deserve. I've tried to kill myself many times, first starting at 16, up until my most recent attempt in February. No one has given me a definite diagnosis, but they've thrown around being "just" depressed, bipolar, and borderline personality. I abused drugs and alcohol most of my life, even getting as far as shooting heroin which nearly killed me - I needed open heart surgery at 24 because of it. I haven't touched any drugs since November when I went on a benzo binge and ruined Thanksgiving in front of my daughter. I haven't drank since February, that last time ended with me waking up with both hands tied to a hospital bed. I've seen so many doctors and therapists but no one has been able to help me, so I stop going.

Now for the recent shit show that is my life.

I lost my job in October because I was abusing benzos and didn't really try to hide it. Since then I've been coasting by on unemployment, applying for jobs but not hearing anything back. I stopped going to my therapist when covid shut everything down, but I didn't like her anyway. My anxiety has always been bad, but the last few weeks I've been having horrible panic attacks, or bouts of extreme anxiety that last all day. My chest gets tight, I start feeling like something devastating is going to happen. I can't swallow. My mind races around in circles. I walk away from everyone to deal with it and sometimes it works but sometimes like now it doesn't. I don't even know the cause - they just happen. 

It's my daughter's 4th birthday today, I love that girl so much. If it wasn't for her I'd have killed myself already. I'm sitting outside alone because I can't be around so many people especially not when I'm having an attack. I feel like I'm ruining her birthday by not being inside. She's always looking for me and calling for me, I am her world and she is mine.

I can't keep living like this, I don't see myself making it more than a month. My mother and my wife say to "go see someone" but they don't realize that has never helped me. I feel like a complete failure I can't even talk to my wife about how I feel because she just repeats the same lines over and over. I don't want my daughter to grow up without me, but is it any better than having a dad who can't even handle being around anyone? I can't fucking do it I can't go on. I can't kill myself on her birthday either. I want to go stand at a microphone in front of the world and tell "I NEED SOME FUCKING HELP PLEASE"