I'd very much appreciate it if someone helped me walk through this before I get worse. Dear reddit, 



I am a Christian, a college student, and I work full time. I'm currently taking a summer class and I plan to return to my university in about 3-4 weeks. However, I believe I am a risk to kill myself. Please, take me seriously. I dont feel as though I need to validate that fact by dwelling on the story. The point is, I want help, right? Okay.



I have been through being suicidal before and, because of that, my first thought was to enter myself into a clinic; however, I don't know how long they would keep me. And, if they were successful in counseling me out of killing myself, I would want to continue my schooling without causing havoc as far as my eligibility for scholarship is concerned. (Like many students, my scholarships and grants are the only reason why I'm able to go to college, and I would certainly kill myself if I dropped out.) Also, I'm worried about how all of a sudden quitting my job like that would reflect on future employers.  Of course, this is a catch 22 - damned if i do, damned if i dont - if I dont get help and I end up killing myself, then all of that is irrelevant, If I get help knowing that my future is seriously impacted by my decision, then the effectiveness of whatever counseling i receive will be seriously diminished and I will be at a greater risk for suicide in the future. 




It should be noted that, again, I have been suicidal in the past; that I do not have any form of a support group, and that I am not willing to talk to anyone I know personally about this. Also, I have been through several psychologists and counselors in the past to no avail. What should I do? I don't even know where to begin.



Feel free to ask me almost anything along with providing any advice you may feel compelled to share. Please be tender, I am fragile. 

Edit: Or just talk to me.. that would be nice too.

2nd Edit: I'm really not very stressed out and I will not be working at the same time as I'm going to college, just to clarify. I still have the ability to feel happiness and I generally enjoy myself, but the fact remains that I still want to kill myself when I accidentally realize how much I hate *me*. Would be nice to talk to a professional, but I sort of feel like its a waste of time trying to find someone who can A) stand me and 2) who doens't make me uncomfortable.