I'm gonna miss everyone. It's for the best.Sorry, I'm just really bad at, well, everything. A backstory is a bit of a bitch, so I'll keep it short:

I've been depressed for 4 years now. Fucked up a lot in elementary school, middle school was social hell (no friends AT ALL; my entire school hated me for whatever reasons they had), and now I'm a sophomore in high school, ready to end it.

I've been getting in a lot of arguments with my mom lately. I'm trying to get my grades up, because I've been just too emotionally exhausted and weighed down by what feels like some boundless darkness tht I didn't do a LOT of my schoolwork. I've slept through entire days, gone to school drunk/high, lied my ass off for everything, ruined my parents' lives, and most recently, become a sexually promiscuous demon.

I've stressed my mom and dad out so much over the past year, since they only found out I was depressed in September 2012 and I've had about 4 attempts since then. I've completely scared the shit out of my brother. A 12 year old kid with a brother who's constantly bringing home one problem after another. Drugs, drinking, sex, apathy, rebellion, and too much for a family to bear.

I've lived my fair share an havent done anything to justify it. I've ruined far too many friendships I had, run down the most amazing teachers this world has to offer, and most importantly, killed my parents' sanity. It would really be best if I just leave.

My mom is threatening to send me to military school and I'm the most wiry boy you'll ever meet, and 6'3". She warps her memories and then calls me a liar when I've written down what she's said and done, moments after the fact. I've **ruined** them. Emotionally and financially. I can't stand being such a fuck up and a leech. It'll be for the best.

I can't imagine why they'd miss me, or anyone would, for that matter. I've fucked up throughout my whole life. I can't think of a single moment where I can say "Hey, I wasn't a total moron that one time!" I've just been an endless disappointment to everyone around me.

I'm so useless. Literally, the one good thing I've found out about myself is that people can effectively use me as a writing surface for paper and pencil. I want to die and finally say I've done the right thing. I love everyone. I want what's best for you, and I think this is best.

I'm sorry. It's my fault. I love you though. Really.