Being off work should be good right?I hate my place of work I can't stand doing things for people that don't respect what I do, not because I seek compliments but because they manipulate us to do almost penniless tasks. They take advantage of people who can't get any other job.  Sorry for the rant there.

I got the day off but now it's sunny outside and nobody that wants to meet up to do anything nobody who wants to talk to me over the chosen messaging app either. Whether people are doing stuff just without me because they hate me (even if just a percentage of how much I hate myself would be enough not to)  because I'm fully aware of the group chats I'm not in with the closest friends I have like they have made a chat with me and then exactly the same people just without me so to me this seems to be to avoid me. I don't blame them it just sucks and makes me even more hopeless that all people dislike me and some pity me.

I am just sat alone with my parents downstairs doing stuff in the garden and seemingly enjoying life whilst I am just sat in darkness trying to motivate myself to want to keep living. 

I don't want to bother anyone either so I'm "happy" that the can have fun doing productive things so I just don't know what to do. My therapists all say I need to motivate myself to do something else the cycle continues but I can't break out! My doctor has taken me off antidepressants because the last set didn't do anything. So now I'm left helpless.

I feel alone because I want the love and caring that comes with relationships but I can't face getting into one because my head really isn't in the right place to be able to love somebody. I have had two offers yet neither I can feel anything for. 

I just see no way out! I just want to end the pain! I can't deal with this! 


Tl:dr     
I have a day off work but I'm both happy at all. It's good weather but nobody wants to do anything with me. I'm sat alone watching people be happy. I don't hate people for being happy but I just don't know how to deal with this. Doctor has basically said yo fuck off and deal with it yourself. I am alone but have had offers for a relationship but can't deal with my head and struggle to love. I can't deal with this!