This is as far as i go. Heres my story.I just made this new account cuz i dont want people to find who i am in real life. I am planning jumping bridge soon but before that i wanted to share story of mine. May be long, but take it as dying wish and please stay with me upto the end.

I am in Canada right now but i was born in Korea. I was born in rich family where we would go travel foreign country since i was young. I was living in countryside until grade 7. In countryside i got addicted to games and didnt care much about school and family. 

My parents got worried about me and took me to bigger town. Hoping if enivornment changes something about me will change. In new middle school, i got along with my friends well but school was much harder and i kinda barely passed. 

My parents werent satisfied with my performance and took me to Canada. In Canada i failed hard again. Couldnt get used to resident school. Environment was different. I hide in room playing games. One day i had argument with friend and he puched me to face. My parents came over to Canada and saw how i was doing. They cried every days cuz they believed i was doing alright.

After one yr of resting, i joined new high school in US which my brother graduated from. That was best days of my life. I made so many friends, i was still addicted to games but i did all my works.

I graduated from high school and went to Canada to my brother's house. First university was bad because i didnt get used to feeling of freedom policy and just didnt go to classes. My parents got disappointed so much to extent where they cant believe im their son and they should just die together with me. 

Dont take it too offensive. They were great parents, i just couldnt do anything right. Anyway so i went to new school and screwed up first year cuz well, materials were too hard. Science wasnt my thing. I then changed to history and did OK. After one or two year, however, i started to give up. Kinda repeated same thing not going to classes.

They expected me to graduate this year and well they found out i wasnt doing anything. They are very disappointed and my mom who came here to support me is crying every day. 

I despise myself and know i have done nothing right. I have ruined so many people's life around me and well, now i am about to let it go. One last regret i have is i wish i could have done my best on anything for one last time but i have accomplished nothing. Kinda heartbroken whenever i see my parents crying.

My brother tells me to come back home but what changes? I mean. I ran away like that many times, what will change ? For last couple of months i lived in a way that tmr will be better , i may can fix something up, but now i know. Nothing will change. 

Story of mine ends here. I know some of you outhere has much more worse story than me and cant really see why im doing it but these betrayal of mine and ego i have , i cannot forgive myself.

Real story is way more dramatic than this and well therefore my family is literally ruined by this. Thanks for listening to my story. I tried talking to online chat but they would say dont give up hope and such which doenst touch me at all. 

I looked for different ways to do it but looks like the most successful one is bridge. This distrust on me from my family and myself is too much for me to bear. Thank you reddit for listening, at least few people know who i am.