I want to die, but can't (long post((Sorry)), please read; I want some help)Weird title. This is like the 3rd time I'm doing this. What I mean by that is this is the 3rd time I made some throwaway account to talk about this shit because there's no one else to talk to, and I think this is a little too dark for offmychest.


I don't even know where to begin and I'm typing all this on my phone. I'm terrible with words and I hate that language is the only way I know to express myself because I'm so bad at it, and I keep thinking how unfair it is that i cant find the words to explain the alterity of my problems and how at the end of the day all the thoughts and ideas and convictions I possess are just words but I'll give it a shot.
My depression has taking many stages and I'm at the point where I think I have my faults boiled down to a few points. I don't handle the truth well(I'm trying my hardest to be brutally honest here), I'm lazy, I get too anxious for no reason, and I'm a sexual deviant. Of course there are many more but those three things are holding me back so much, and I'd love to just blow my brains out and be done with it. I've come close several times, most recently last week where, in a fit of rage and anxiety, I tied a noose around my neck. Unfortunately, or fortunately, I couldn't find a place to support myself and the rope in my apartment. As I'm typing this I'm finding it extremely difficult to find a flow to all of this, as what I'm trying to say spans my whole life so please bear with me.
I guess I'll start with why I feel like I can't just end it all. That reason is my loved ones, and there are quite a few. Mainly though, above all my friends and family, its my parents. If only they knew how their love has kept me here. They care about me so much, have invested so much into me and my future, not only would they be completely devastated (my mom might actually become suicidal herself if I went through it), but I can't help but feel like I'm spitting in their faces if I did it. Its such a paradox to me, I feel like such a failure and it kills me inside to know how much they love me, but I can't do it because I can't let go of the fact at how it would affect those around me. Which brings me to the dilemma of whether I actually appreciate that love enough not to go through with it, or if its just something I'm clinging to at this point. That I want to believe I actually care enough about how they would feel if I killed myself. I want to believe a lot of things, that I'm a good loving person but is has becoming increasingly clear that that is not the case. To me at least. I'm not sure if this shows how ungrateful I am, but sometimes I wish I didn't have so many people who care about me, it would make it so much easier. Then again I think about all the people who don't have someone to love or who loves them back, and I wonder if they would trade places? I've been lying to my parents everyday for the last two months. They think I'm still in school, I dropped out.


I know I'm somewhat intelligent, enough to know that I may not actually be intelligent and in fact, just a stupid fucking kid like I've always have been. I read quite a bit, (currently reading infinite jest which is kinda helping me/kinda not; why'd you have to kill yourself David?), I write sometimes, I can hold a discussion about almost anything. Yet, I fucking suck at school, I guess I'm just accepting that its not for me, but that sounds like a cop out. My whole life I've been able to get by school without ever studying (literally k-12 I never spent more than 30 mins on school work), and I don't say that as some badge of honor, its so fucking stupid that I didn't study, but to illustrate the point that I felt like I was never challenged when the stakes didn't matter as much, and now in college where it does kinda matter, I'm suffering for it. And it just sucks. After high school I was accepted into my dream school to become a chef. When I told my family and friends, they were kinda unsupportive because they felt like it wasn't the right path for me and that I was wasting my mind, money, and time. When they posted schools that graduates were going to after high school, I had several teachers come up to me to try and convince me to go to a "real" school (I guess 50k tuition culinary school isn't "real" enough). In the end their advice wouldn't matter either way because I also suck at traditional college, but after one year of culinary school I dropped out because of financial and self confidence issues. Then i decided to skip school to go directly to the kitchen, then I quit that too. Mainly because I felt like I wanted a family and personal life more than wanting to become a chef; after working several years in kitchens, from shitty luncheons to Michelin star restaurants in Manhattan, I realized I couldn't have either.


So 3 years after high school I wanted to try my hand at a university. So I applied to one school and they accepted me and I went. At first I started studying business administration because I thought maybe I'd want to own my own business one day, then recently I changed to a double major in information Science and cognitive science with a focus in data analysis. Big change right? It was just another thing I was interested in. I came to admire several of my professors. My goal changed from becoming a successful chef, to wanting to become like them. Having such a depth of knowledge where you're able to just teach it to someone in a way that not only made it palatable, but also enjoying. To recall all that information on a whim and love a subject so much was something I was interested in. I quickly began to realize that I don't have what it takes to do that, or I'm afraid of at least trying because I doubt myself too much. Its just that there is so much to learn out there, and as soon as I try one thing, I become quickly distracted by another. I'd rather program and code at my own pace and time rather than have deadlines, one minute I could be interested in reading the problems with big data and privacy concerns and the next I'd rather read about how Julius Caesar launched a brilliant campaign in Britannia. I have little focus or motivation to do the things I'm "supposed" to do.


This is where things get a little murky and hard to explain. So, my first year at school, when I was studying business administration, I just stopped going to class during the second semester. I had little to no motivation as I was finding it harder to cope with the fact that there is so meaning to life. (I've since come to terms with that and realized life isn't supposed to have a point, its up to you to make or find it.) It was hard for me to rationalize anything I was doing anymore, as I was working towards nothing that I actually wanted. I had no reason to really push myself other than my family. Their love was enough for me to stop myself from jumping off a bridge, but not enough to motivate me to succeed at anything. On top of that I began having anxiety attacks in the middle of class. I started talking to a school psychologist to help me through. At first she totally did help, I felt like it was best to take a medical withdrawal, recharge my batteries after the summer with friends, then go back to school. I did that and it kinda worked for a little. I was doing pretty okay, then the depression and anxiety came swinging back. I just barely passed my classes and at the end of the semester I had to write a letter to the school convincing them that my 2. whatever GPA wasn't indicative of what I was really capable of. I again recharged my batteries over the winter break and came back to school with renewed focus and changed my major. Then she happened.


There this girl, let's call her M. I knew this girl before this last semester. This story begins during my first year of school. When I first saw her, it was my usual thoughts of "oh she's kinda pretty and interesting, I wonder if she'll be my friend/girlfriend/get married/have kids/die together." I've had girls before that I liked a lot that didn't reciprocate, girlfriends who I thought I loved but actually didn't, one night stands that left me feeling kinda empty. But this girl, M, she was so different. Like I said I was just my usual level of curious when I met her. We coincidentally became friends over a cigarette with mutual friends. As time went on and I hung out with her, I became more and more infatuated but never to the point where I felt like it was okay to act on those feelings. I remember being at a party, my friend and beer pong partner had gotten very drunk and became belligerent with our opponents. After the game I heard he went outside and was starting to get rowdy with those same kids, so I started to rush to his aid. M stopped me on my way out. (God with that tight black dress, long red hair that smelled like ginger and flowers). She asked what was wrong and as I was explaining she stopped me, got on her toes to whisper in my ear"everything will be okay", and kissed me. Man oh man did I want to believe her, I think for a moment I kinda did. (This part reads like a shitty romance, its not)


Nothing really happened between us after that, we were both kinda drunk. Anyway, more time went on and we started flirting and hanging out more but never really acting on it. The main reason, at least for me, was because of my friend and roommate. Let's call him E. E is very very smart. Way more intelligent than I, but he's not the best looking guy. Overweight, acne, long greasy hair. But obviously he's more than just his surface and I quickly realized how much we had in common. Anyway, I came to realize, and eventually confirm, that E had a deep crush on M as well. He would hang out a lot with her too. I was not in the least bit threatened or jealous or anything. She wasn't at all interested (she told me she wasn't when he professed his love for her for the fourth time), but I did feel bad. I especially felt bad with the way she treated him. She would openly flirt with me in front of him, ask him for favors that she knew he would do because he loved her, and honestly it was kinda shitty. In fact, I started liking M less and less, to the point where I almost hated her. Anyway, this is about the time where the first semester of my second year was ending. Right before I changed majors. When I came back to school thinking I was no longer interested in M, we started hanging out more. Like every single day, and again I felt bad because E would have to come home sometimes to find us snuggling and giggling on the couch. I hated that, it kinda caused me to say and do stupid things to M in front of E to appear more distant. We only hooked up once and both agreed that it was just a mistake made by horny college kids. We had a close circle of friends and we didn't want to make it awkward, especially with E. In reality, I definitely didn't feel the same and I wish I told her then. Fast forward a couple of months and she's done with school but still living near me. She would still hang out every day with me and it got to the point where I was anxious to just skip class and be with her. I knew our time was dwindling as she was going to move back home. I decided to come clean with her and tell her how I felt. Going back to one of my main problems, I got so anxious and botched it up completely. The words just couldn't come out the right way and I think we kind of got into a fight. She was mad that I was laying this all on her now when she's leaving, and that she couldn't possibly be in a relationship with me because of the distance and she wasn't ready. (She has her own list of problems, anxiety, depression, attempted suicide over an ex etc)


Right before she left we kinda patched things up but I knew things were never going to be the same. The day she left I walked by her apartment on the way home from class, and I cried a little. I felt like I was never going to see her again. The thing is I think she was, or is, the only girl I ever really loved. She made me laugh (Which is hard, I don't really find much of anything funny anymore, and I take pride in my sense of humor as its one of the main ways I make friends), she gave me reason to do things. To improve myself, (I should mention that I'm not the most in shape guy. In fact, before I started that second year I was so disgusted by my weight that I dropped 80 pounds) to want to succeed. I should also mention that about two months prior I took my first trip on mushrooms. I came to several realizations while on it, one of them being that no matter what happened everything was going to be okay if I had her in my life. All I wanted to do while tripping was be with her and explain every detail of my love for her. Of course that never happened. When she left I stopped going to class, I had lost that one thing that kept me going in any sense. I don't blame her at all, its really my fault that I even put myself in that kind of position. I just crashed and have been falling ever since.


I was supposed to go the a buddy's cabin for his bday a couple weeks ago and she was going as well. Until she texted me and told me she met someone and that he was also going to be there. She wanted to give me a warning and not "blindside" me. I'll be honest, it made me feel like shit. Like all that other stuff she said about not wanting to be in a relationship was just an excuse. A couple days ago she texted me again. Randomly, about an inside joke where one day, on our way out from the thrift shop(she was making my Halloween costume), I was in my car behind a row of cars in front of a light. The light changed several times and we were both like what the hell. I started to honk, but finally I realized there was no one in any of the cars in front of us. They were parked...it was a small street. We both just started cracking up for a solid five minutes in the car and always mentioned this story when we wanted the other to feel stupid. Anyway, she asks if I remember that happened (of course I fucking do). Then she asked if she could start hanging out with me over the Summer since she just got her license; not unless though I "hated her". I became so mad, I didn't want to hang out with her so I could get over it, but I wanted to see her so bad. I wanted to tell her, yea, in fact I do hate you so she would stay away but I also didn't want to seem like some prissy teenager. I punched a hole in my wall and tried hanging myself that night. I realize how bad that is...


That was way longer than I expected but that was just one part of the problems I'm dealing with and felt that it was necessary to try and make anyone understand why I'm writing this shit in the first place. This is where things get bad. This is the one thing, that even if suddenly all my other problems were magically solved, I would still want to kill myself. As I mentioned, I'm a sexual deviant. In other words, I'm attracted to younger girls. Way too young. And I realize this is wrong on every level, and while I never acted out on those desires I live in shame of it. I can't talk to anyone about it because its disgusting, and would completely alter everyone's perception of me. I struggle with this, and the worst part is, one of the things I wanted most in life is a family. But how could I if I have these attractions? It makes me so sick, and everyone tells me how good I am with kids I just want to throw up typing this. I've tried so much to change or put those thoughts out of my mind but I keep relapsing. Obviously im attracted to other women, my own age, older women, all of them. I don't think I can ever fix this one attraction thoigh which is why I want to end my life. I think its the only way.


Beyond that though my problems have become more existential. I find it difficult to sleep, getting maybe an average of 3-5 hours of sleep a day. I find it difficult to get out of bed every day, covering my head hoping that when I emerge I will be somewhere completely different. I be been struggling a lot with, how everything exists together and its all connected, how maybe it doesn't even exist, is this a simulation, does the answer even matter, religion( my dad is super Catholic but I never cared for it), and the idea of free will. How we aren't actually free to do what we want and we're just like a computer, programmed from birth and recompiled with our experiences. How that is the way we make decisions. I'm leaving a lot out (how i feel about western civilization and capatlism, my friends, specific famiky members, my childhood, its all connected) as this is getting pretty lengthy, my phone is about to die, I don't want to proof read all of this, and honestly I'm not sure how to tie it all together.
If you haven't realized by now, I'm desperate. I need someone to tell me everything will be okay like M did at that party. Idk if that sounds stupid because people tell me that all the time. I've had an innumerable amount of conversations about life where people try and impart some wisdom or knowledge, but it allbseems kinda...I don't know the word, useless? I realize how beautiful life is but its a process, a grind. I no longer want to be involved in that process, but I can't die. I just hope one day a bus driver falls asleep for a second at the wheel and hits me. Or maybe if I just walk in front of it. Its 5 am, I'll read this tomorrow. I apologize in advance for my terrible writing, grammar, and overall bitchiness