WellI've blown almost any chance I'll ever be happy so is there really any point in still trying?

All things considered, I have done well in my life so far. I have an okay part-time job(I hate it but its not the point), I do well in school(college). I have good friends who are really nice but all of it brings me no long term satisfaction. I hate my body so much that this dislike becomes really the only thing that I will consistently think about throughout the day. I'm trans (mtf) and I would do damn near anything to even be an average looking girl. My family when I was growing up was and still is anti-lgbt and have made it very clear. Whenever I would build up the courage to tell them the universe would always seem to play a sick test of courage by having one of them say something to crush me; like my brother, for example, saying to my face(unknowing to him) how he hates trans people and it "ruins his day to see one".

I would think to myself in my sad delusional state that maybe if I prayed to whatever god or entity was listening maybe they would take pity on me and make my wish come true, well, many hundreds of these later I can safely say nobody was listening.

Now to my final thoughts, really the only thing that has kept me going is the thought that if I do well enough in school maybe I could help or personally create some way to live as a girl. Whether it be through growing a new body like in Avatar or something even like using VR and creating full dive. The only caveat is... they are both stupidly difficult and would be mind-bogglingly expensive/unobtainable. At least in the foreseeable future.

Allow me to explain how being trans affects me. I wouldn't say I'm depressed, I can still find joy but its fleeting at best. Any time I'm happy the joy is sucked right out because it feels so fake and pointless I can't help but think how it doesn't matter to me because I would be happier just being seen by others they way I would like. I really hate nearly everything about my body because it reads so plainly as male, im 6' tall flat and skinny as a board, my voice is horrible, I have a wide and crooked jaw, prominent brow bone and I always feel so ugly and disgusting. Every time I see myself or hear myself I want to cry its just crushing. I'll leave the self hate part here because the list could honestly go on for a good amount of time and you can just skip this anyways.

TL;DR: I'm trans, I hate my body, I was too much of a bitch to tell my parents when I was younger so now my body could never look female(and pass which is the most important thing by far to me), up until pretty recently I have been trying really hard to keep it together and do well in all aspects of my life to potentially be able to work on or create a way for me and others to live in the body they want, but now I just don't know if it will ever happen and that small little sliver of hope is actually the only thing keeping me alive. There's also a lot more that makes me depressed (like my list of phobias, undiagnosed OCD (manageable), my complete lack of motivation because I can't see the point in trying, health issues both mental and physical)

So the question I keep asking myself every single day is "is all of this worth it?" because it feels like a big fat fucking no. I don't want to die I really really really don't. I want to live and be happy as the me I want to be, and how I see myself, but every day feels like I'm in a prison of crushing sadness that I partly did to myself. I've been (for a lack of a better word to describe how I feel) super fucking depressed for nearly half my life and I am just really tired of this feeling.

Edit: Just a small little edit don't feel like you have to say anything uplifting because I don't need it this is more of a getting my thoughts out and hearing what people potentially had to say or maybe even if anybody is in a similar boat as me and what they think/feel