Almost ended it all yesterdayYesterday I came so close to ending my life, I drove over to the Golden Gate Bridge to see if I could finally end it all. Though on the weekends it’s too busy and by the time I got there, there was no parking so I gave up and went back home after searching for an hour. I originally went to the bridge at the beginning of the year (on a weekday) thinking about ending it since my life has completely fallen apart in the past year (long story). But once I got there I had gotten scared at the last minute and hesitated. A bridge patrol officer found me on the bridge before I could decide if I would jump or not and I got taken to a hospital. I’ve spent the past few months in therapy which helped me somewhat with some of the things that happened to me.

My family on the other hand wasn’t very understanding or supportive and made fun of me after I was hospitalized. My mom has always been abusive, mainly verbal/mental (and used to physically abuse me when I was a kid) and still continued to insult me for it after. She stopped for a little bit after I got home but then as soon as they thought I was “normal” again she goes right back to her usual self. I want to leave this town, I’m so unhappy here only I don’t make enough from my retail job to be able to move out. I have a degree (animation) and owe 100k in student loans but while I’ve had a bunch of interviews still haven’t landed a job yet. 

Posdibly might be landing a better one soon but am still waiting to hear back from a few places. The worst part is I feel burnt out on my major and am somewhat regretting it (but I owe so much). I wasn’t 100% certain what I wanted to do after high school but I had been pressured by my parents to attend a media arts school since I’ve always been interested in that area. Though now I’m wishing I had gone into something else since the field is so competitive and I’m not feeling as passionate about it anymore unfortunately. The loans start next month and I’m completely screwed. Some of my friends found jobs within a month of two of graduating and I feel awful that I still haven’t landed anything else. I have so many regrets from the past few years and I wish I could change everything. 

The therapist I was seeing I only had four sessions with before she left the company and wasn’t super helpful. I don’t feel she really knew how to help me or specialized in the areas I needed help with (she was assigned at random by Kaiser). Otherwise I’ve been mainly in support groups, which helped at first but isn’t doing much for me now. 

I’m honestly just so tired of everything, my life is ruined and I don’t want to live anymore. I was so disappointed yesterday that I couldn’t end it. Though I’m feeling a little better today. I would just go back during the weekday and do it but I’m supposed to leave with my family for a vacation next weekend and I don’t want to ruin their trip with my death before then. Might do it next month if nothing improves but I’ll what happens. 