2 months ago I tried to kill myself...I told myself I wasn't going to post here, I feel like me posting here is just me begging for attention but I guess that's kinda what I need right now.

So I guess I should start with the backstory huh?

Growing up my parents hated each other, and they actively used me as a pawn to get back at one another. They both tried to sway me to pick a side, which I couldn't do. The earliest memories that I have of them being together are of them screaming at and arguing with each other. My father eventually moved to a different state, and I felt like he was leaving me behind. I became super attached to him because I didn't want to get cast aside, as he had done to my half-sister. Eventually, I learned that he was just a disappointment and really only looks out for himself but it was too late because I had already moved in with him.

For a brief time, before I was a teenager I was sexually and emotionally abused by an older boy, I never talked to anyone about it, I still don't really. Unfortunately, some of the behaviors I learned from him carried over into my relationship with my ex-girlfriend. We were together for 4 years and had been through a lot, but we loved each other, or at least I loved her, I still do. Anyways on the day that we were supposed to move in together, she left me, which also happened to be 2 days after my birthday. I've realized that my pain and insecurities caused a toxic and emotionally abusive environment for her in the beginning and I did my best to turn that around, I thought we had gotten past it but apparently I was wrong.

She left me with pretty much no warning but was still friendly with me for a while.

Anyways, throughout this last year, she left me and I got stuck with what was supposed to be our apartment, both of my grandparents died, I got suspend and ultimately fired from work for something that I didn't do, almost got kicked out of school because I couldn't handle all of the stress and I pretty much alienated myself from everybody. I reached out to her hoping she could bring me some comfort (foolish I know, but as far as I knew we were still okay) but she pretty much told me to go fuck myself and that she couldn't give a shit less about me anymore. She dug up all of the things from our past and that was the last straw that I needed to end it. I had no plans on making it to the new year. All the pain that I had gone through my entire life and the past year that I kept to myself had finally become too much.

On Dec 30th, 2019 I wrote all of my letters. There were 9 in total and hers simply read "I'm sorry." I sat down at the foot of my bed with my Glock and eventually pulled the trigger. It was a squib round, what were the odds. I guess that's what I get for trying to use my cheap target ammo.

With that failure, I decided that I finally needed to get professional help. I've still not opened up about the fact that I tried to kill myself, but I plan on doing that this week. I've since burned all of the letters but I still feel at a loss.

I'm now quickly coming up on the one year anniversary of her leaving me and I'm not handling it well. I want to die.

I feel like a piece of shit that doesn't deserve anything less. I have tried so hard for so long to be better but it doesn't seem like anyone cares, it makes me question if I am good enough for anything. I want to restore at least some friendliness with my ex because I do care about her still but it seems that she'd rather I am dead too. Anyways the suicidal thoughts are becoming hard to bear again and I'm hoping maybe I can find some encouragement to live.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR:

I've fucked up my life and the person that I cared about the most hates me, I want to die (but I don't want to kill myself?) shits getting hard, and I feel like my failures and insecurities make me worth nothing as a human.