I’m tiredI grew up taking care of everyone, my younger siblings, my parents. My mom was chronically sick in bed or playing computer games or watching tv for hours of each day but she denies that I ever had to take care of the kids or her and says I have control and trust issues. 

Now that I’m in my twenties and going to a therapist I started unraveling this identity of being here for other people and not here because I am an autonomous person. My mom hasn’t been sick for years and won’t be ever again. My siblings are 17 and 19 years old now. I started to hope for freedom.

I mentioned moving out of the house to my mom and she told me that she wouldn’t be able to run the house without me and that it would be selfish for me to leave her alone with her kids and her mom with dementia. 

I mentioned that I could help from outside the house but then she switched gears and said if you want to leave go ahead and leave. If that’s what you need to do then just do it. Her voice gave me no hints if that was passive aggressive or not. She just said it plainly and expressionless. 

Now I’m depressed, panicking, having ptsd, and hating my existence. I hate my body for feeling stress and sadness and pain. I wish I was numb so that I could carry out what I need to do. 

I feel like I will never escape. because she’s right,  there is no one else. She’s selfish and shortsighted. She can’t take care of the people depending on her. And I love the people depending on her. I don’t want them to be neglected. I don’t feel like I can leave. I’ll hate myself more if I do. 

I feel like I’m drowning from the inside. I keep thinking this is why I was born. She told me she had kids so that she could have the happy loving family she never got. she had us to make her happy. She’s been using us, using me ever since. This is the reason why I’m even alive. I hate being alive for this. It has broken me. Being used has broken me. 

I just want to die so badly. I won’t do it because I won’t put my siblings through that pain. But I can’t stop thinking how badly I want to die. I’ve lived through pushing myself aside to take care of everyone else. I’ve sacrificed everything. I can’t do it again but I have to. I want to die.