I’m planning to end my life in future years‘sup guys, hope this is not gonna take precious time from you to read this. 

I’m thinking about this for like 3 years, tried to kms two times but got no results, and from like Summer 2019 it got worse and worse.

I start from the beginning, when I was 18 I was feeling so bad for the life I was having, almost every day was a nightmare and I wasn’t able to handle everything anymore. 
At one point I got a little bit of motivation and I decided to flew to London from my home country (Italy) to search for jobs and improving my english, as my dream is working around airplanes and, if lucky enough, becoming a pilot. I stayed there for 1 year cleaning the streets for a local company. Even if few days were so goddamn heavy to live due to all my sad thoughts, I was feeling slightly better than before so I decided to continue my life plans. 
I flew to the USA from Italy to do a 3 Months Flight Dispatcher course and I failed it, wasting fucking 7k dollars which my family paid for this course, believing in me and I freakin failed it.

Now I’m 22 and I pretty lost all the possibilities that I could have to get a decent life, I still got no job, I feel like I’m an everyday expense for my parents. There is nothing which can make me happy, neither a close family, a girl, playing at pc with my friends, nothing. After everything when I get on my bed alone with myself, I feel so damn a failure and I can’t stop thinking about faking all the laughs and smiles to everybody, I feel like I’m lying to the world and to myself.

I’m thinking about if I reach my 26th birthday, something like that, and turns out that I’m in the same exact situation as today, I will end my life straight away. I’ve enjoyed pretty much of what I got, friends, relations and traveling. 

And something happened two weeks ago that proved me I don’t have the fear of death, I was the front passenger of my friend’s car when we went out of the road ending with a face to face with a concrete wall and rolling away; the seatbelt broke and I flew against the windshield breaking it. I was conscious all the time realizing that I will be dead very soon, but this didn’t happened, and I definitely saw that I didn’t felt any fear or anxiety on this. 
I’m sure I will made it if I’ll decide to kms soon

I only don’t want to hurt my absolutely close friend when this moment will arrive, I will like if he understand my pain if I take this choice, but it make me feel so an asshole killing myself and leaving him with the pain that I caused to him. 

I’m so sorry for taking you this much time. I had to empty myself and talking to someone about this thought.