Handcuffed by copsMy mom has belittling the fuck out of me verbally lately, and I try and try to explain to her how she fucking hurts me breaks my heart.  She knows what she's doing, and she blames me for everything.  After weeks of this, last night she pulled some other shit and out of desperation to portray the way she's making me feel I told her she's the biggest reason for my suicidal thoughts lately. 

Woke up to bout 7 police officers in my house, I said get the fuck out of here I'm not going anywhere.  I went to walk towards my coffee pot to pour a mug and this one cop stepped in front of me and put his hand on my breast, I pushed his hand off my breast (knee jerk reaction, I shouldn't have touched him but they were all so handsy with me and I mean when somebody puts their hand on my breast that's sort of my first reaction) They all pushed me up against the wall and cuffed me and took me to the psych ward.  

I got out of it today, they said they think I'm safe and that I'm just really depressed and I have an unfortunately bad support system.  I got home to my mom telling me I have little time to get my own place, and when the day comes she's changing the locks and putting my shit in the driveway.

Mind you, we just bought this house (well she bought it, but I loaned her a ***hefty*** amount of money) So I don't have my savings, because she has it in the house...

My head is spinning, I napped in a hospital bed and woke up in a full body sweat.  They gave me prescriptions to help with my insomnia and OCD, anxiety, and depression.  Looking forward to seeing if those work out.  Not looking forward to the rest of my lonely life though.  

There was a really funny nurse working at the hospital though, she was a sweet heart and we got along great.  We had the same sense of humor and we were making each other laugh.  She said it's rare to find somebody with our same sense of humor, she made me feel human.  I appreciated her.  

Anyway, at least I don't have coronavirus.  Bless y'all