I have no idea what's going on but I want it to end.After my relationship ended a few weeks ago, I have plunged into the strangest and deepest of miseries. Every *single* day I am constantly breaking down so hard that I completely soak my face in tears and end up vomiting, I cannot remember the last time I genuinely laughed at something, I am always harboring EXTREME self-loathing thoughts, I wake up wanting to kill myself and I go to sleep wanting to kill myself. I used to  absolutely love my subject (mathematics) and now I have to force myself to even read a single page from a book, as I have no motivation to want to do anything. Every moment feels like pure emotional suffering. I am always on the verge of tears, I am always begging for death.

The funny thing is, I have no real reason for ANY of this. I don't even really think about my ex that much; the relationship was only 6-months long anyways and largely based on mutual lust. I think I'm just starved for physical affection, and that physical affection in the past has staved off my depression to manageable levels. Perhaps, maybe my random plunge from manageable depressiveness into *severe* misery is merely coincidentally lined up with my relationship ending. I don't care. All I know is, I'm just a college student and I have not undergone any traumatic incidents since my abusive childhood. I have no real reason to complain; I mean, Jesus, the other people on this board have had to go through divorces or dead relatives to get to where they were emotionally, and they're *still* stronger than I am. 

And yet, I feel like I'm trudging through the worst feelings I've ever had in my life. What the fuck is going on with me?

I'll try to make the "right life decisions" (I already get good grades and have a decently sized social circle and have been attending therapy, but I'll also try to sleep at a reasonable hour, eat 3 meals a day, go to the gym, and drink a lot of water, all of which I haven't been doing as consistently).  

If that doesn't stop the breaking down and the sheer emotional pain soon, I am ending it. Even though I would feel severe guilt over those my death would deeply hurt, this is just no way to live a life. I am NON-FUNCTIONAL. Worse than just not being happy, I am constantly feeling as if I was just told my mother and brothers have died in a horrific car crash and, also, my wife of 10 years has been cheating on me with my best friend. And nothing of the sort has happened. 

I am objectively one of the luckiest people in the history of humanity. I am in a position where I can easily Do the Right Thing (go to classes, do my homework, study for tests, eat my meals, exercise, and sleep before midnight), and that is all that is asked of me. I have no bills to pay and no mouths to feed. And yet, I am still completely and utterly *uselessly* miserable, and at such a young, fruitful age as well. How will I feel when I actually face hardship? 

I don't want to continue if I have no real reason to believe that I will feel better soon, or that  this random sheer pain won't come up again later in my adult life at a completely random time. If always doing The Right Thing™ does not change how insanely broken my brain chemistry is, then I am effectively like an incurable cancer patient and should reserve the right for euthanasia. 

In any case, I wrote this to vent, and to ask if there are other people that feel the same amount of sheer, sheer pain over fucking -nothing-. Thank you for reading. 