I want to go with my friend.I haven't contemplated suicide so much before my friend passed away. I have been in a lot more emotional pain from feeling empty and alone. My anxiety has grown as my depression did too. At night I have panic attacks while trying to sleep. I put myself down more often than I usually do, which results in anger. Ive been thinking more about how death works too. Suicide may be more of an option now because I can't stop beating myself up over everything. 

Now about me and my best friend.
We were very close that I considered him my brother and he did the same. I would always cheer him up when I came to visit. We would always go out to eat, watch movies and play video games together. He understood me more than my father did. When I would have trouble with life he would give me great advice to help me or just cheer me up. 

 My friend was living with a lot of complicated problems so he had been in a lot of pain, much more than me. I felt very bad for him and always wished he would get better but unfortunately things turned to the worst. On October 24th 2014 he committed suicide at his home. I had no idea for the whole week that he was dead. It took so long to get the news out because he had his phone encrypted and the police couldn't crack it. By the time I found out, he was already being buried. Sometimes I feel it was my fault for not being there enough.

I have been dealing with depression, a lot of self pity, and anger. I would get mad at myself because of my failures. That usually result in me breaking inanimate objects and feeling less optimistic each time. I feel like I don't fit in society so I don't get out of the house very often. When I try to get into hobbies I end up putting myself down. I have also lost friends because of my negativity. I feel like I am not meant to be alive. 

I believe that this whole situation with my friend made things worse in the long term. Sure, we had a lot of good memories together but the pain will always be there. I think sometimes I want to kill myself to rid the pain and to be with my friend. Its probably the most selfish thought I ever had. 

Sorry for the bad writing. I am just trying to get the message out. 