All the things that no one knows. And I just want it to look like an accidentI feel like I was meant to die young.  That I was always meant to kill myself.  The thoughts of death and hurting myself weren't very frequent at first, but I remember having such terrible feelings even as a child of 7 or 8, of being unloved, hiding under blankets and crying because I felt so out of place and worthless.  It wasn't all the time, just every now and then it would be horrible.  

I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism when I was 20, was put on hormones.  I thought maybe that would fix everything.  Things got bad my junior year of college.  I had good grades, classes were easy for me, I had gotten this wonderful scholarship, gotten an internship for over the summer, I had friends that had become roommates and we would have fun together, but towards the end of the year, I started not wanting to do much with them, except for maybe drink.  I figured if I got drunk, I could just escape for a little while.  And it was fine for a short time.  

When I went out of state to do an internship things got really bad.  I met a lot of nice people, and a friend from my major was with me, but I felt so alone.  I felt like I needed to harm myself, but wasn't exactly sure how.  While everyone else we were working with went out and had fun, I stayed in and cried, drank alone, started taking handfuls of whatever OTC medications I had on hand, which wasn't much or anything good, and washing them down with alcohol.  I didn't know what they would do, I figured I probably wouldn't die, but I wouldn't mind harming myself.  I remember lying in bed, facing the mirror on the closet door, with my heart racing, skin strangely splotchy, and pupils completely messed up.  

Then I did something dumb.  I told my friend how I was feeling and what I had been doing.  He flushed whatever otc meds I had down the toilet and kept close watch of me.  At the time, I guess I felt grateful.  But as time went on, I wish I hadn't told him.  I didn't want him to stop me from doing anything dumb, but more importantly, now I felt like a burden.  I hated myself even more for stressing him out.  We don't really talk much anymore.  He's married and seems to have a good life.  

I told my doctor about how I was feeling, and she put me on 10 mg of citalopram. It didn't really help.  When I got back to college after that summer, I should have been so happy.  It was my senior year, I was living with my girls I had known since freshman year, they were all so excited.  At first I tried to act "normal," we would go out to bars or parties, spend lots of time together.  But that got tiring.  I just wanted to stay in my room, live off of alcohol in hopes that I could forget everything, and hurt myself.  I started burning myself with a curling iron, I'm not sure why.  My thighs were covered with blistered burns.  Initially they left faint scars, but eventually they disappeared.  

The don't really remember when that stopped being enough.  But I do remember that the first time I cut myself, I didn't know what to use, so in desperation, I wrapped a beer bottle in a towel and hit it with a hammer.  I tested the pieces to find a sharp enough one and kept the shard in my nightstand, but soon I graduated to an exacto knife.  I didn't want to bleed out, I didn't want anyone to know I was doing this, so I only shallowly cut my upper thighs.  Somehow just watching thin cuts bleed was calming and made me feel better.  I still have the scars over 4 years later, but no one knows.  

My doctor increased my dose of citalopram.  I guess it kind of helped.  Somehow I made it through my senior year, somehow I got A's even though I missed so many classes, telling everyone I was "sick."  I guess it wasn't a lie, but I don't think anyone knew what was truly wrong.  There were I few times that year that I told myself I was nuts and threw out my exacto knife, but then I would just go buy another and repeat the cycle: cutting, convince myself I'm insane, throw it out, buy another a few weeks later.  The worst was when I got the codeine cough syrup from the clinic because I was "coughing all night and couldn't sleep."  I got super drunk alone in my bedroom and drank the whole bottle.  I was very upset to wake up the next morning.

I never applied to grad school like I initially planned.  I lied to everyone who asked why I wasn't going to grad school right away.  Time at home was strange.  I got a crappy job that I didn't particularly enjoy just to do something.  I was afraid to cut myself at home, afraid my parents would go in my room and find the blade.  But eventually the cutting cycle continued.  I'd take a razor blade, for the box cutters, from work, cut myself when I needed to, throw it out, then grab another a few weeks later.  Eventually I got fired for a ridiculous reason.  My parents were out of town that week.  I cut myself a lot, but always made sure to hide the razor blade.  

I thought things would be better when I went to grad school.  My doctor finally ended up changing my hormone dose, and I think it helped a little, but I felt alone and friendless in a new city, because I was.  That first year of grad school was the last time I cut myself, though I still do feel like I want to sometimes.  

Most of my time in grad school was relatively uneventful, but I did meet my boyfriend before my second year.  We've been together over a year and a half.  I love him so much, but even that isn't enough.  I finished most of my classes, but I don't think I'll ever graduate,  and I have lost all motivation to finish everything.  

I got a shitty job after I finished my classes, one that doesn't pay a whole lot, but somehow I'm still doing it, I guess I'm a moron.   I feel like half of the people at work hate me and the other half just put up with me.  I certainly don't think any of them would miss me.  

I don't even know if my boyfriend would miss me.  I think I just hold him back.  He doesn't know that something is wrong with me.  If he did, I don't think he would have gone out of town.  He's been gone for a few weeks.  He took most of his guns with him, but there is an assault rifle under the bed.  Part of me is upset that he took them, but then part of me wouldn't want to shoot myself and leave a terrible mess anyway.  

I just want to plan it out right.  I bought a ton of poppy seeds online.  Right after my boyfriend left, I shook up some of them with some lemon juice and water to see if they could get me high.  After I drank the liquid, I felt very warm and eventually couldn't keep my eyes open, I was so at peace.  When I woke up I got very dizzy and vomited a few times, but it was good to find out that the seeds worked.  

I still have about six pounds of seeds left.  I don't know how many I should use to make a strong "tea."  I guess I could use them all, then get really drunk, down the "tea" and hopefully fall asleep and not wake up ever again.  

I can't do it yet though.  Is it weird that I don't want to die on a day I'm supposed to go into work?  If I plan it right, I'll fall asleep forever on a day off, and hopefully they will find out in enough time to schedule someone to cover my shift.  Thankfully, my boyfriend should be coming home around the day after my days off.  I don't want him to walk in on me and call an ambulance or anything, I don't want to be in a mental hospital. I don't want there to be a lot of decay or anything by the time he gets home, I'm sure coming home will be a bad enough experience.  I also don't want him to have to drop everything and come home early if he doesn't hear from me.

I have a little over a week left.  I don't think I'm going to leave a note.  While it would be nice if the assholes at work felt bad and guilty if they knew I killed myself, I don't want the people that I like to feel guilty.  Part of me does want to leave something reassuring to the people who aren't assholes, but then that will give away that it was planned, and I don't want kind people to blame themselves.  After all, it's not their fault, this is just me. 

I feel the need to clean the house before next week, so I'll have to work on that for the next few days.  I bought a huge bottle of rum that I can wash down with poppy seed tea.  I just hope that everything goes the way I intend.  If I wake up next Wednesday morning, I don't know what I'll do.   


