After 5 years, I'm tired of fighting.This is long but I thank anyone who will read it. It’s also not super urgent; I’m not about to attempt in the imminent future. 

I’m a 17 year old white male and after fighting depression for 5 years, I’m tired of fighting. I can’t stand other people. I can’t stand how cruel they are to each other. I can’t stand how happy simple things can make them. I don’t understand how someone can enjoy things like Jersey Shore and Twilight and still be considered worthwhile. Worse yet I’m told I have to tolerate these people and that their opinions and values and unfounded ignorant dogmas are just as valuable and “right” as mine. Fine, whatever, I can just ignore them. Sometimes I can’t but that isn’t my biggest issue, not by far. I’ve become convinced there is no one in the world with political views close enough to mine for a world I want to live in to ever exist. The liberals are too liberal, the conservatives are too conservative, the libertarians are too liberal, the religious are too religious, the atheistic aren’t religious enough. I can’t even stand my parents anymore. They know I’m depressed, they are trying their best to help, but they just don’t get it. Every time they ask a question that I’ve answered before, every time they tell me one of my opinions or actions is not okay or they don’t understand, every time they act like a bottle of pills and a few weeks will solve everything, I just want to gouge my eyes out. 

In the 3rd grade I was identified as gifted and from then until Freshman year I was the smartest kid in my town of 18,000 or so residents. After the 5th grade I didn’t want it anymore. It never got me anything. Everyone thought it was cool that I knew so much stuff yet they still teased me because I was short and skinny and weak. I’m an only child and parents can only help as parents. Every girl I was interested during this period completely blew me off until one led me on all the way up to the point where a relationship was certain and then snubbed me for a football player. Typical. I had a group of 4ish close friends and they are still good friends, but they’re simpletons and don’t understand why I can’t just “cheer up and change stuff.” In the 8th grade hit full depression mode and after that girl snubbed me I said “fuck it” and tried cannabis even though I believed all the D.A.R.E. bullshit. Weed more or less made me function normally. I have severe social anxiety and fairly strong depression but after a few puffs (Not nearly enough to even be noticeably different) I felt normal. I wasn’t anxious or upset most of the time but obviously smoking weed all the time has its own problems. My parents were not initially receptive but I didn’t care. After freshman year I left for a boarding school for gifted/smart kids. It was a very stressful, very hard work environment, and after a few months I started smoking at school. But soon it wasn’t enough, I was still depressed and still anxious so I started smoking every day. And Soon multiple times a day. That was 2 years ago. A year and a quarter ago I finally got a wonderful, loving girlfriend and it was the best thing ever. But I soon learned that even that was not a panacea. For a year and a quarter I still fought depression and anxiety and smoked 3-4 times a day and no one bothered me and I was the envious bad-boy but incredibly smart and informed kid that everyone respected but no one was really friends with. For the most part I didn’t want to be their friends. I was still living in my own hell. November 2011 I got arrested for possession and let off with a $100 dollar ticket and no record. 

And then last week I got busted. Dorm management caught me smoking, searched my room and stole over $200 of my drug related possessions. Tomorrow I have to go before a committee and explain to them why they shouldn’t expel me 2 weeks before I was to graduate. Everyone is convinced they’ll let me graduate but I probably won’t walk. I was also forced to miss Prom that was Friday. That was a huge let down. I had wanted to go to Prom since like the 6th grade. And now I never will. I’ve let my parents down so much. My friends have shown an outpouring of support but I still feel wrong. Everything feels wrong including feeling wrong. I can’t smoke weed now and I’ve lost all my possessions related to it. Its not even about the smoking anymore and just the principle that I’m being punished for using and being forced not to use the only medicine that ever helped me. I’m finally tired of running from my problems, I’m tired of living surrounded by assholes and simpletons I can’t fucking stand. I’m tired of my rich, spoiled Jew roommate acting like he has such a pitiful life. I’m so depressed and I’ve said these things so many times my girlfriend has basically said she doesn’t know what to say and is tired of listening—not that she doesn’t love me anymore, just unable to help. For the past 4 nights I’ve walked out on my roof and looked over the edge. One step and all the pain, all the anguish finally goes away. I don’t know why I’ve walked away. I don’t know if death is what I want but I know I don’t want this life anymore. I’ve never been seriously suicidal but it seems like the best option of all my shitty options. There is no “up”, only sideways from shitty situation to shitty situation and one, final down. I’ve become so broken that things like dropping a pen make me breakdown and start crying because I’m not even competent enough to hold a fucking pen. I’m inches away and I just can’t see a future. I want to live, but not like this, not in this life. It’s been too fucking cruel. 
