I passed the suicide date I set for myself..I set a date to kill myself on the 1st of this month. This was a date I set about 6 months ago because I figured that was a reasonable amount of time I could push through to see if things got better. News flash. They most certainly have not.
 
I came down with a really bad cold and was hardly conscious on the first so it kind of slipped my mind until I opened my planner today and saw it there. 

It really hit me that damn 6 months had passed (1 year since the current round of ideation struck). Holy crap it's nearly been a full year of wanting to kill myself every damn day. That's a long time and as I can see it the feelings not going anywhere anytime soon. 

Shit I've done so much to help myself. Make new friends they said, get hobbies they said, throw yourself in school they said. These things will help and time will pass be patient and things will get better I promise they said....they've been so damn wrong. No matter what I do to try and make myself feel good enough to want to live it doesn't work. 

I still want to kill myself but the only thing really stopping me is my dad and my dog. my dad is very old and probably pretty close to the grave himself so I don't want to crush when I could maybe just wait a bit longer and do it after he passes. Spare him the grief and all. And my dog. Idk he'd get over he's a dog after all and I'd have a good home lined up for him. 

Jeez I don't know how long does one really have to wait to for things to get better? 1 year (checked that box)? 2 or 3? At a certain point yikes it's just not worth it. 

I don't know I passed my due date and realistically am not going to do it real soon. I just want to set another date because it did actually give me some peace of mind. I could at least tell myself it's okay you can make another couple months it'll suck but you can do at least that. It makes the most sense for my goal to be to outlive my father but gosh that could be tomorrow or a few years and that uncertainty give me grief.