alone, pressured, sad, and hated.I dont have that BFF or that sisterly best friend or even a really close friend anymore... all i have are friends not LETS HAVE A SLEEPOVER or LETS HANG OUT friends, no. just plain see you at school talk to you here and there friends. I always feel like someone's talking about me or gossiping about me or judging me on wht i say do or look like... i also get really nervous about 2 faced ppl that ur friend that's conforting u and says she's ur bff isn't who she's cracked up to be.. and u find out she's talking about U behind ur back.. saying ur annoying and she actually hates you. I also get pressured every day to talk queiter (which to almost everyone else.. easy, simple, no problem! but for me my regular voice is like someone screamming!! and if i try to talk queiter it's so queit ppl can barely hear me than get annoyed, i dont have an inbetween and i've tryed finding it for 3 years now... literally!) plus i cant have ANY late work or my mom get's mad... like we get in fights for days mad, so i have a lot of stress that i'm forgetting about something, or didnt finish something, plus i have to get all A's .. B's are not exceptable in my house hold..no,no,no, other wise i constintly get pressured about how i'm never going to make it in to college and that they'll NEVER pay for college with my grades (btw i'm almost 13; in 6th grade). Plus i always feel sad, i used to cut myself but i haven't for at least 2 months, 1 cuz ppl notice a lot and there's this ackward moment were u have to think of something on the spot to cover up so u dont get known as the Geto Emo Freak. and 2. cuz things started to get better for a little while but for the past month now it's been going horribly and i think about suicide everyday (again).... and i'm starting to hate myself. for every stupid thing i say or do. for feeling the way i'm feeling i feel like i'm just doing this for attention which makes me hate myself more. The only person i've told this to was my closest friend who i now get in fights about and has basically been replaced by her best friend since kindergarten and her boyfriend of 7 months (i've known her for over 3 years) and i dont even think were friends anymore, i dont even wanna try to tell my parents [again].. the first time didnt go so well so i'm just stuck here, alone, pressured to be perfect, sad, and hated... and i thought about it today, if i did die i wouldnt feel pain right? so i wouldnt feel regret or sad that i did wht i did cuz that's a type of pain.. right?!?!