No will to liveHi Reddit-ers,

I am posting here because I feel like whilst the people around me care so much, they just can’t understand the hell I exist in.

I am a 29 yo female. I had anorexia at 12 and bulimia in my early 20s. I was diagnosed with depression at 16, and have been medicated and in therapy since. Ive been depressed on and off since then, with many periods of suicidality. About a year ago I lost the will to live, and things were in a free fall. I just did not care anymore, and still don’t.

I’ve had problems with alcohol and drug abuse, but have been sober 3 months. My moods cycle rapidly, often multiple times a day. I was recently also diagnosed with borderline personality disorder.

I have low immunity, probably because of depression, and get multiple colds and flus a year. I have polycystic ovaries, acne, herpes, and endometriosis. I lost my mum at 24 suddenly to a brain aneurism. 

The stigma of herpes is devastating. I could probably deal with all the other shit, but not that. The prospect of telling future partners causes me so much anxiety. I always use condoms but always worry about the possibility of infecting someone else. I wouldn’t wish it on anyone. I don’t get physical symptoms, but the stigma is worse anyway. I feel dirty and damaged, and like no one would want to put themselves at risk of that. The prospect of gossip and being labelled is also terrifying.

I was drugged with G and probably sexually assaulted earlier this year. I say probably because I don’t remember it, but was found naked on a balcony afterwards. 

I don’t drive, live with my dad, haven’t been able to work or study this year due to being so damned depressed, and have no idea what I want to do career-wise. The one true passion of my life was ballet, which I wanted to do professionally, but I wasn’t allowed to drop out of school for it, so I quit. I haven’t experienced passion or happiness like that since.

I am smart, attractive, have a kind family, and am financially secure, so people always tell me to look at how much I have, which then just makes me feel guilty and like someone else should have my life.

I have scattered friends but no group.

Depression has broken me. I’m at the end of my tether. No matter what I do, I always end up back here. There are only so many times someone can do that.

I’m so emotionally numb. I didn’t bat an eyelid at the possibility of being sexually assaulted. I just feel like a sack of bones floating through space. I’ve learnt to repress emotional pain, to the point that I just don’t feel anymore.

I can’t keep doing this shit. It just doesn’t get better. I feel both empty and heavy at the same time. Hollow but weighed down by weights made of black holes. 

I went to emergency a week ago because I felt psychotic and kept thinking of throwing myself off a nearby cliff. I’d had a nightmare, and woken up and it didn’t stop. The nightmare was my life.

I’m on medication and go to therapy, but this sadness at the centre of me is always there. I always end up back in this place. It’s torture. I just want to sink back into the earth and turn into dust.