How do I deal with someone who has an elaborate suicide plan and wants help with it?My mother is in a situation she feels is unacceptable. She thinks suicide is the only solution, but she's afraid of suicide. She has very, very, very insistently asked for help with various methods, to the extent where she wanted me to kill her basically. Right now she's focused on a plan which involves travelling far to her native country. She has spent a lot of time focused on such plans, and she's very clear that she wants too go there for suicide, and not to live there.

She seems to be afraid of suicide and not in any imminent danger. The problem is that this whole "wants to kill herself, but can't, and wants assistance with suicide" thought loop creates increasing agitation.

I don't really want to help her with actions which lead toward her goal, even if it's something as simple as helping her get a passport. She doesn't need my help in a practical sense anyways; she could do everything she wants herself. The only reason she asks is because she's so afraid of suicide and wants someone to guide her. 

She has a psychiatrist and has been taking medication for over a year, but medication seems to help very little. He clearly knows she's not serious about suicide. But the suffering involved in getting stuck in that thought loop is quite serious. I'm also getting sick of the police coming here when she talks to others about suicide, even though they've been nice.

It seems like in general her talking to anyone doesn't help. She can't be "talked out" of this or convinced otherwise. Last time in the hospital they gave her anti-psychotics and that calmed her down. But, that is temporary. The only thing that helps her is doing stuff which takes her focus elsewhere, like cooking.

I guess the talk fails to connect with her deep distress. One time when she was sitting on the sofa rocking back and forth and expressing distressed sounds and words, I sat beside her and rocked back and forth and kind of tried to tune into that state. That actually calmed her down for a bit. I'm not sure I can do stuff like this on a regular basis.

I'm not sure what exactly is being supportive emotionally in a normal sense in this context. I don't feel capable of doing something which really reassures her at this point.  It's both a matter of me lacking experience with offering emotional support and her being so far gone that normal things don't work.