Hit a new lowThis is a throwaway for a reason. Since my other account is compromised, I do not want any of my friends or family members to see this, ever. I want to look normal, still.

The thing is, there is no backstory. I've been a social outcast (if you say so) since I was born. I didn't go out much in high school, I rather used to play games (gaming ftw) and had a huge interest in electronic equipment. PC-s, phones, tablets, cameras, audio, cars, you name it. On and off I have earned some pocket money on those interests (mostly fixing broken stuff), but if you do that kind of shit in high school - you are considered the "freak". Because rather than going swimming with the people I knew (I guess you can call them friends), I wanted to stay home and do my own stuff. Anyway, coming back to today, people seem to acknowledge me only when they are drunk (the saying goes that drunk conversation is your sober thoughts). Or they need something really bad and I'm the only person they know that can help them without overcharging them and making them poor. Of course it has its benefits - I too get stuff and services at a discount because of that. The drunk/needy thing has pissed me off on a numerous occasions, but I didn't used to care. 
Currently I'm an amateur photographer (for a few years) and I really like what I do. It's my life. Yet people don't seem to give a shit, or worse, they pick on every fucking thing. "Why this, why that". "That other photog didn't do it like this, your way is wrong". This is constantly getting worse (although I think myself that my skills are improving!). Right now all the money I have is that I could probably eat for a few days and somehow get back home (living in a dorm at the time of posting this), my relationship with my girlfriend is getting worse each day, my friends don't want anything to do with me and although I've thought of suicide as the way out that noone deserves to do (because there ARE better things in life, no matter how fucked up everything is, you just need to find it), I'm generally feeling that this is the only thing left to do. I feel like killing myself each morning for some time now. It's horrible, noone deserves to feel like this.

/edit: even the captcha felt like my text wasn't good enough..

/edit2: thank you for the comments. I have made up my mind on what to do next (on next meetup with my friends I will come clear about my situation and hope that they take it seriously, this can go two ways, but I'm trying to stay positive) and see if this will turn out OK or catastrophic. I just want the thougths out of my head.