*insert deep comment about hopelessness here*Beware, this is going to be rambling.

I've been suicidal since I was very young. My first attempt to take my life when I was in grade 6, by starving myself. It was the only way that I could think of at the time, and it obviously was discovered very quickly. Nothing was done to ameliorate the anguish I was feeling, but I was guilted by a teacher who asked me how I could leave my little sister behind. I began to eat again, but never stopped wanting to end my life.

I would write post-it notes, scribble into my planners, make reminder alarms on my wii and computer: 

"You'd better be dead by now, or you're even more of a failure."

"[Insert day] - make suicide plan!"

"You'd better not be around to get this message!!"

...Stuff like that. I always seemed to lack the motivation to actually plan things; then again, I lacked motivation to do almost anything. Depression is a bitch, huh? I made it all the way to University, where I was finally able to see a psychiatrist who diagnosed and medicated me. Awesome. I complied with medication, attended assorted individual and group therapy sessions, and even did an intensive program which ran all day for a month. Cool. Never did I stop thinking about killing myself, and how I should be planning it. 

The planning seemed like such a bother, a guilty task which keeps being put off for no good reason. It reminded me of a school paper. I knew I had to do it to get the result I wanted, but the planning was a hassle. In the spring of 2010, however, I felt great. Everything was coming up Milhouse, and I finally had enough energy and motivation to plan my suicide. I researched for about three months before I had a plan I was satisfied with. I gathered the materials. I also, and this is important, placed my "departure date" a year and a half in the future. That way, I reasoned, I would be able to experience life to the fullest for one more year, settle my affairs, and make sure I wasn't killing myself for an emotional reason. I wanted no more attempts - I wanted success. 

Everything was going according to plan. I had ordered in my supplies, set them up where I wanted them, the works. All year, I made sure to fully appreciate the beauty of nature before me, spend time with my family, etc. I told no-one.

My plans crashed around me, however, when I was attacked. I developed pretty severe PTSD around the incident, and admitted myself to the hospital because I was no longer sleeping. It was there that they discovered my plans, and kept me for 3 months to prevent me from completing them (Sidenote - a nurse told me she had never seen anybody else who had made sure they had nothing to live for. I win, I guess?). I was devastated. My parents found out, and both they and my sisters didn't want me coming home; they finally relented when they were told it was come to  them, or a women's shelter. I still feel as though that decision was based on appearances. My therapy was upped, medication, etc. I did the courses again. I am very compliant, you see.

Since then, life has continued. I'd like to say that I have a new lease on life, and that I appreciate life with a new and brilliant passion, but I can't. I live now because I'm not allowed to die. My expiration date was September 7th, 2013, and I'm rotting. My parents refuse to talk to me about how I'm feeling, and make me feel so much worse for feeling the way I do. That's one reason I'm posting, actually.

I was feeling incredibly frustrated and suicidal yesterday, and started looking up the prices and legislation for guns in Ontario. This is not according to my plan, and not how my amended plan will work (I'm applying for physician-assisted euthanasia under Canadian bill C-14, and while I'm hoping that goes through; if it doesn't I'll have to work with my backup plan). Part of me is furious - not angry, FURIOUS - that I'm still around, that I'm waiting for responses like a passive nobody when I could just stick with my original plan. My logical mind doesn't want to risk failure, but my emotional mind is increasingly desperate. I'm turning 26 in a few weeks. I wasn't supposed to turn 16. 

Anyway, I drank myself to sleep yesterday, and didn't wake up in the best mood. I had texted my dad yesterday saying that I was not in the best of emotional states, no response. I got into an argument with my dad this morning about something trivial, he threatened something of mine, I threatened his stuff back, etc. My mom told me I was at fault, disrespectful, and was looking for a fight. When I told her I was feeling incredibly suicidal yesterday, and tried to explain that it was so bad that I was looking into buying a gun, she told me flat-out that she refuses to talk to me about suicide and that I should just move out. I hear that sometimes people get support and love when, in severe emotional pain, they reach out. I hear these things, but I don't believe it.

I live in a rural area. The internet doesn't work most of the time, and I actually had to wait a few hours to post this. I don't have friends here, or close friends anywhere. My jobs for the summer disappeared. I have isolated myself from my best friend for years because I didn't want my death to hurt her. We're like strangers now. My family hates me - some of my sisters hate me actively and make their disdain for me very obvious. They don't hate me half as bad as I hate myself, but it still hurts. I can't remember the last time I was content, much less happy. I can't remember sustained contentment. This is all I've known.

Sorry for the rambling. I know my writing is no longer the most eloquent or even interesting. I don't even know why I'm writing this. Things are so hopeless for me that it's almost laughable.

Edited because I'm new to Reddit and its formatting.
