Almost did itA few days ago, I was ready to die. As a kid, I had gotten sexually assaulted, bullied because I was,  and still am, fat and short. As if that wasn't enough, I got this condition where it makes my skin dark in some places, some of my hair is white. I have hair everywhere (which, being a girl, is a nightmare). To top it all off, I got paralyzed on the right side of my face and when I did recover, it ended up being all messed up so even if I can smile, it looks fucking disgusting. That's gotta be a sign, when you can't even fucking smile.

I kind of stopped caring about education since 11th grade where I would skimp out on classes. I was always a good student, even got honor roll a few times. But would you believe, for the first time ever, I just skipped out on a whole week of college classes. Granted I was sick but I could've made it and I didn't go. This has been going on for weeks where I skip some classes even if I know they're crucial. I don't feel like getting up to go because of how ugly I look and sometimes, I just straight out don't care. My classes are interesting and I have good teachers and even friends in some and I still don't want to go and I feel shitty afterwards. 

Combine all this and add moderate social anxiety to the mix and voila, you get a suicidal person. The other night I was thinking about all this and how I don't even have motivation for anything anymore. I had just gotten in one fight out of many with my mom about missing classes so emotionally, I was vulnerable and feeling horrible. 

I was thinking of suffocating myself with my pillow, overdosing, even jumping off a bridge or a building. My mom always said suicide is for cowards but when you've been through so much shit, it's almost humane to end it all. I even commend myself sometimes for surviving all that, even if I had to cut myself, almost choke myself or even almost poison myself just to get through it.

That night though, it was all crashing down on me. Thought after thought of every reason why I shouldn't live kept going around in my head. The only reason why I didn't actually go through with it was because it would make my families life ten times harder than it already is. I promised them that I would get a good job after getting into a good college and support them for the future, but how am I supposed to do that when I'm like this? My brother is only 5 and I can't leave him by himself because I love him so much. 

My only worry is, how much longer can I hold out before I actually end up doing it? How much longer till everything loses meaning?

Thank you if you've read this far. I just don't know what to do anymore and I'm too anxious to get help, it comes from years and years of being judged and bullied. I don't know who to really go to since I don't really have a best friend. It felt kind of good to vent here but I really don't know what else I can do.