I'm not sure where else to turn.My story is a little weird.  I'm a first time poster, as in I've never posted on reddit at all, I've commented on a few posts from others but I really don't do much but lurk.  My dad left my mom, my sister and myself at a young age, around 8, and since then I've clung to my family.  Now, I'm 19 and I recently had to drop out of school due to financial issues.  Basically, now I'm 2,500 in the hole for school bills, I've run through 4 cars in the three short years I've had my license and I'm victim to a stepfather who sees me as nothing but a nuisance, and my mother feels I only stress her out now.  Due to those financial complications, I had to move home and try to get back on my own feet.  I have a full time job and I use every bit of my paycheck to save for a car, pay off school debts and miscellaneous debts alike, leaving me with a few dollars to buy packs of cigarettes so I don't lose my mind.  I never fit in in school; i even joined a fraternity in college, but i feel sort of alienated by them because of my financial situation (I wasn't allowed to be active because of my dropping out and I can understand why they'd be mad, it just sucks because I'm not sure if I'm welcome at the house at this point)  I've contemplated taking my own life for several years and I don't think I have ever had more motive to do than right now.  It's pathetic, and I feel pathetic, and I don't really know where to turn at this point.  I'm not looking for sympathy; I'm looking for constructive points to better my life, if I seem in the wrong, and if you want to ask any questions or more details about my situation...  Well I'd be more than happy to let you know within reasonable means to really see if I'm in the wrong about my life as a whole and if I'm overreacting with these suicidal thoughts that seem to plague me. 

tldr my family thinks i'm nothing and i dont know how to deal with the hurdles life is throwing at me and if I wasn't such a huge pussy, I would absolutely kill myself and I'm scared I might one day get the balls. help.