One step forward, two steps backHi everyone, I'm currently 18 and in my senior year of high school. I need a way to get the guilt off my chest and learn that in the next year I will be leaving home, whether my parents like it or not. Along with this, I have a few personal problems that I will talk about in this post. My family is not the most balanced, divorced parents who frequently fought in the past, but are relaxing now due to the impending doom that its all for nothing as I'm leaving soon. My mother is a piece of work. While some defend her actions saying they are for me and because she loves me, they have consequences on my mental and physical health. The constant nagging to get things done above and beyond, more than what is considered healthy in other families is ridiculous, and if I attempt to be uncooperative she resorts to emotional and verbal abuse, making me feel like utter shit. It goes past 'oh you should get this done', or simply yelling 'get this done now.' It reaches points to where she says 'You're a piece of shit and will never get anywhere in life.' I feel bad for my step-dad, who had to remarry her. She constantly tries to but in on my step-siblings lives and also makes it harder for them to contain her and not let her influence them a lot. My mother also smokes, something that many find common but there has not been a point in my life where it hasn't effected me. Through my 18 years, she has either smoked inside, or smoked in a garage or patio and then come directly to me in a confined room such as my bedroom. While she may be trying to strike up a conversation, I have asthma and she knows this and it really fucks with my lungs, which ruins me because I am an avid athlete, running is what I do. Constantly I tell her to stop, but it happens a couple times each week. She is rich and thinks she owns the world. My father is a closeted alcoholic, who also has arthritis. He is constantly either dozed off on the couch when I get home (7pm) for a couple hours, or is in a state where he can't move. My emotional ties to him are stressing me, because he is the one I love most in my life. I rip myself thinking about leaving him while I go to college, and up until know I never associated myself with having a fear of thinking of the dead. While it would devastate anyone for a parent to die, he has taught me most things I know in life, including cooking, study habits, and street smarts. He has always been fun to be around, but is drunk most of the time, to the point where he repeats the same story maybe ten times a month. I've tried to get him to go to therapy, but he denies his condition, no matter how much I persist. He has always been on the less wealthy side of things. He is currently unemployed and is spending more money than he is bringing in, constantly. He hasn't had a job in a couple months (self employed designer/builder). If you can't see where this is going, my parents often clash about money, because my mother supplies most of it to me and often times gives my father a chip about it. The situations finding my mom smoking and my dad drinking constantly push me away from doing these myself, seeing what they can lead up to. This has caused many missed experiences in high-school, and sometimes I regret what I have not done. Lately, college apps have been a major pain for me during the football season. Snaps have been made from my mom about not completing them on time when I have done a majority and they aren't due for another week or so. Relationships. Oh boy, this is an interesting topic. I have been single my whole life, not by societies choice but my own. I constantly push those who find me appealing away, and reserve myself for one that I could call the one. Yes, this makes me kind of shitty but its just something I do, there is no explanation from my side of things. As for my perspective, I get crushes, hard, which stay on my mind for a while. If someone is willing to help me take the first step forward and not be a little scared person about talking to someone (social anxiety), please go ahead. There is a girl who I'm fairly confident is interested in me who would definitely make me happy, but I get nervous talking to her. This cripples me. She is in my physics class, and I see her multiple times a day. We have no mutual friends to my knowledge, but you never know. I'm tempted to ask her for help on a project we have in class through Facebook, but again my social anxiety is stepping in, thinking this is stupid since I rarely talk to her. The other flip side is that we start to talk more and connect, but here I am overthinking again. Please someone convince me on what to do. I love you all.