I messed up and my fiance is only giving me a few hours. She's also in another country. So I messed up. I'll be honest. I have a problem with my sex drive. I'm not a cheater in that I don't flirt with other women, knowingly anyway, and in the literal meaning too. But, I get aroused pretty easily, and I used to masturbate a whole lot. She didn't like me watching porn as much as I did, makes her insecurities surge way high. So after messing up numerous times, I finally got better at it... cutting down from what was daily a few times, to maybe a few times a month. But it literally hurts me to do so. I need serious therapy, I just can't afford it. I also quit porn mostly. I'll get to that in a second.

So she has a history of being suicidal. So many times I've helped her. So many times. I've tried to leave her because of that pressure. We don't live together, and I dont have the best paying job so it gets hard since she also doesnt live in the same city as me. 

So I watched caligula last week, not knowing it was going to be a porn movie. And I did what I usually did. It wasn't planned out, but yeah, it counts. I messed up. 

Shes in Japan right now. I told her I did it. She feels suicidal now, and once again I'm in this situation where she is claiming to do it. Her favorite pet, which she loved very much, died while she was over there the first week she was there and she's been suicidal over that to, but she calmed down a lot. Now shes coupling that with the fact that I did this to her again. So, needless to say I'm afraid. She said I have till the morning (her time japan) till she says she wont give me a chance, which i feel will be followed by her trying to hurt herself, and worse. I need advice on what I can do soon... really soon. 

Edit 1: You know, I have faith in reddit, because this isn't 4chan. So I expect that a group of people on a Suicide Watch board will not talk bad about my fiance and perhaps give me ideas on how to help her remember I love her. I understand how it is, but as of right now, I just don't want her to die. Thats all I'm talking about. 

Edit 2: A lot of you have a point. I've probably allowed myself, to become someone I'm not happy with myself. Her insecurities shouldn't come before our relationship. Of course, that wasn't the issue. I think she'll do it. I guess I should get prepared for some serious depression. Thanks for the time. 

Edit 3: Thanks for the help guys. Its hard to feel this way, but even with the guilt I will have after I really honestly feel she will do something. I have a much better picture on things now. Thanks. 