Insanityok so shit, i am basically done, but borderline nobody actually knows how  the majority of my life has gone, or why i want to die so bad. so i'm going to explain all of it. i don't really care if anybody reads, i just need it down somewhere. 

Fuck if I can remember when it really started, like when I was young I went to catholic school, yeah I got bullied, called names, all that bullshit that you expect of some nerdy cracker, whatever, shit was cool. Up until around grade four that was really all my life was, which isn’t all too bad, like a few beatings but that happens. Moving so often was a bit of a bitch but I don’t think that ever really fucked with me

Post grade 6 I moved, this nice little shitbox in the middle of nowhere. First off, fuck that place. But that’s where the instability roots lie. all my current insanity lies on a nice heaping pile of bodies and STD’s that surround that place. sexuality was never really my deal i'm an asexual, as much as a fucking hate myself for it. As I saw people fucking all the time in my grade 6 classes and it felt like the most soulless thing that a human being could possibly do, i just really didn't believe in love after witnessing that shit for so long, still not sure i think it's real. Regardless, people die, that’s what they do, but people here died a lot, like a hell of a lot. It was the centre of one of the countries largest child prostitution rings. this of course draws wannabe gangbangers and pimps so of course the bodies pile up. This was something I had not experienced before. So if we look back to my younger life in the other bit, you’d remember that I was bullied and whatever, not new shit. So was the case here, but it was a whole new ball game. Intense beatings, up to attempted killings, I still see the majority of those wounds every single day. As usual I was alone. However, that is not what sent me over the brink, as a matter of fact, I got pretty god damn good at fighting and dealing with people. But my mental just broke when I saw a young boy’s head smashed in with a baseball bat. That shit just didn’t leave me, I faked an illness for 4 months just to avoid school, and humans altogether. Still never new what it was he did. Any part of me that was even slightly human died that day with that kid.  eventually left that god awful place, but the only thing keeping me together was laughter and making fucked up jokes about it, and at that point, I was essentially already insane.

There is only one of the dozens of deaths that I’ve seen that I truly blame myself for. And that was one of a guy just like me, same bullshit, but he couldn’t handle it. I coulda helped him, but I focused on just myself and he ended up killing himself at 12 fucking years old.

The next place was nowhere near as bad, although horrible in its own right, everyone except me and some others were poverty stricken, some kids just lived off food that was snuck to them by my mother because their fucking cunt parents were too busy buying fucking meth instead of raising their kid. Some of them died, I was close to quite a lot of them. 

And now I’m here, the worlds got a lot better, my family is very well off, and now the real issue hits me, so many people who I have seen or come in contact with have died, and honestly, when I look at my life, any of them would have used this chance far better than me, I still can’t get over my fear of people and I still want nothing more than to just stop existing, but these people, all of these people would kill for what I have. And I still never think ill be close enough to a human to push any of that guilt off of me, as I soon believe I will die alone. if I do not kill myself. Literally anyone could do better with my life than me

I’ve developed an intense eating disorder, my god awful body makes me furious, so I starve myself to the point of collapse, but then I see it has absolutely no effect, I get incredibly angry and stress eat, then I just get fatter than I started. And it makes less people like me and its annoying because I’m fucking crazy and all this dumb bullshit fucks with me 8 years later and its so fucking stupid and JUST FUCK ME.

and that's it, thanks for reading i guess, I'm far to scared of death to kill myself, but boy i am really getting close. I'm just kinda done with this.