30 and feelin' futile.Ever since I was a kid, I was always put down in terms of if I did anything negative, it was noticed. Never praised. I was denied the ability to be stressed as a child. I was physically abused regularly and verbally abused constantly. As it got worse in my teen years, I left at 18 and moved in with a girlfriend and her dad. My relationship became better with the parents, then my mom suddenly died when I was 23. This kicked off the severe depression and anxiety or at least confirmed it after seeking help. I have been on medication (1 consistently, others would switch around to find the right cocktail) for about 7–8 years with bouts of therapy in between. It always felt like something I was supposed to do, but never actually helped. Plus the time out of the week cut into work and stuff.

I found a dream job, but in the past 3 years, I have noticed a disconnect from everyone I work with. I'm not part of "the club". I'm given busy work and ignored. Not even a reply to a good morning.

My co worker, who is younger than me, graduated after me, has less credentials, is now starting to give me assignments and is telling me what Im doing right or wrong. She has pull here with the bosses, is close friends with the project managers, I don't have that. I need to listen to her.

My chest hurts. I vomit, dry heave and gag and cough violently every morning and afternoon after I leave work. my limbs tingle from the stress. I cry at my desk. I am paycheque to paycheque despite making the most money I ever have due to the cost of living. After talking to family and friends and my girlfriend about this enough times, I can tell they are strained from it.

So here's the question: which way does it go. I know this will be treated rhetorically but I'm saying my feelings now. This is what I want. I am tired of living. If you have advice for a magical pill or a sure fire cure for someone in my position, please tell me.. Otherwise, my days are numbered. I'm tired of the so-so medications and the "wait and see's" from the doctors.