Indecisive about major life decisionI have just finished college with a bachelors degree in electrical and computer engineering. I have a loving boyfriend and am in a very serious 1+ year relationship in which we live together. Our relationship has recently been through some external trauma, in the form of a person stalking me and sending me very obsessive sexual letters. This is over now, but I really should go to a psychiatrist about this. I am worried about this experience negatively affecting the relationship, as if it has "ruined" our life situations and affected my perception of my boyfriend (seeing my boyfriend sometimes reminds me of the trauma). I am between jobs, but have received an offer from a local company with excellent benefits. It is slightly low paying for my niche. Before getting the job offer, I had been considering packing up everything and moving across the country to start a new life, in the silicon valley area. I had been considering this because of the excellent job market for my major, and the amount of opportunities there for someone in my field, in comparison to my current city, which is oversaturated with qualified people. I have enough money in savings to do this and have a 6-9 month financial padding, but I don't have a job offer. I have multiple engineering and non-engineering friends in the area, since I have lived there before. I have been wanting to start a new life as a result of this trauma, and the surroundings in the area reminding me of it, in addition to more opportunities. The day before receiving the offer at the company, I signed a 3 month sublease in the silicon valley area, and paid the security deposit. This lease is assuming that I would leave by next Monday for the Silicon Valley Area. I have talked to my boyfriend about this, and he has been mature, recognizing all of the issues involved, but it is possible this has damaged our relationship because he might feel that our relationship is not "permanent". My boyfriend cannot come because of a custody issue with his son, even though he would if he could. I have been having a feeling of being "tied down" here and before getting the job offer, felt that I may grow to resent my partners inability to move. I'm not really sure which decision to make here. I usually think about it for a few hours while he is at work and come to the conclusion to move, but when he is here I come to the conclusion to stay. I want someone objective to provide me with advice.
