My SO said he believed I will never be happy. I know that he’s right.I don’t know why I’m bothering to write this if I’m honest. I’ve tried to talk to family members for years about feeling suicidal. They just tell me I make them sad.

I think anyone on this subreddit has pretty much dealt with depression, anxiety, PTSD or a catch-all for a long time. For me, it’s been years of feeling so high and untouchable for maybe a day or two, so much so that people ask me if I’m on something. And then for weeks at a time it’s just absolute lows, and I drink myself into some kind of numb stupor. Half the time it’s just complete numbness. But I’ve been like this for a while it’s so hard to remember a time where I was just content.

I’ve been seeing a therapist for years, but in the last year haven’t been able to afford one. I hate my job, but I need the pay. I come home in tears half the time or I clock in already in tears, dreading each and every shift. For many years, I’ve been living for the future. I KNOW one day I’ll be happy. After college. When I move. Once I at least make one friend. When I publish my book.

You see, I’ve done many of those things and it hasn’t fixed anything. And I’m being to find less and less reasons for going through with it. I have no friends at work and people actually leave the room when I enter. It gets uncomfortably silent when I try to make conversation.

I went home one day and told my SO, “I’m going to find a new job soon! I will feel so much happier when I get a new job! Maybe I can make some friends there. Maybe I won’t dread work so much. I can’t wait.”

Then he says to me, “I don’t think that will work. You always talk like this. No matter what happens, I don’t think you’ll ever be happy.”

And he’s right. I’m going through the motions and making useless plans. Why even bother wasting the energy when everything would be so much easier with MY way?

I’m sorry if I made you sad or annoyed reading this. I guess I just wanted to get all my feelings out.