weightall of my life, I've just felt like I weigh people down. I'm "special needs;" the most notable being that I have mild autism and severe anxiety. Although my special needs aren't really that obvious, they are still very much with me.

My friends do a lot of drugs. They skip class and smoke week, then they say they're failing. I have little experience with drugs, and don't really have a lot in common with them at all. I go to class. I get good grades, and I love video games, and music. But they don't. I can't even make them laugh. and they don't really invite me to things anymore. 

But I think they're really cool. But I get really irritated when I hang out with people for too long, like last Friday. I was out from 1 pm to 5 am. My feet were killing me. We went to a concert and... It was just too much for me. I struggled to socialize and have fun. They did some drugs, and I did too, but barely any. It was really scary for me, and I didn't really like it. But I just want to fit in. 

And it shows. And I hate it.

I have a phobia of bees. I cried in front of my friends because of a fucking bee.

I have anxiety attacks all the time. In front of people, especially my boyfriend. I love him so much. But I just stack all of my problems onto him because I can't handle them. I hate myself for it, and for being socially awkward, not funny, and most importantly... A dead weight.

I noticed that people will keep you around if you can do something for them. If you're funny, or smart, or sexual. One of my friends only calls me when he needs help with Calc homework. People only really ask me to hang if I'm there when they make plans (and sometimes, not even then). And I don't blame them. I fucking suck, man.

I've been cutting myself for 3 years. Nothing big, only a few scars. But I use my nails, so it looks really... Weird. Like the rest of me. I do it because I feel this need to be punished for being bad. Like I deserve it.

I've been isolated like this since childhood. I've never really had a "real" friend, I would say. At least no one who knows me like this. My boyfriend does, and I resent myself for telling him. He made me promise to stop, and I fail sometimes. I always feel really bad after.

But it's just another way im overbearing, you know? Oh a young girl who has to be waited on hand and foot, otherwise she doesn't feel good enough. And even when I do get attention, I want more, like the stupid little cunt I am. Those are words the cool people use, right? I'm 19 and I don't even know.

all I do is drag everyone down. and I think it's time to cut myself off. 