Not suicidal but I don't want to exist anymoreHas anyone experienced this before? I struggle with depression in the past I have attempted suicide. After those failed attempts, I've come to the conclusion that I don't want to exist anymore; I wish I was never born. I feel conflicted with my life because I have so many wonderful things, but at the same time, I can't shake this feeling of how I don't want to be here anymore.

I know I should be grateful. I'm adopted and my mother has always told me that I should be thankful that I had a mother that was caring enough to put me up for adoption and that there was a family out there that wanted me. But my adoption makes me feel worse. It makes me feel like cattle, as if I was put on this planet to be sold or auctioned. I know my family loves me, but it feels distant, and I never had a close family bond. The rest of my siblings are biologically related to each other and my parents, which isn't important, but it makes me feel like an outsider. 

Aside from my adoption, I should also be grateful that I have a job that I love and make good money to support myself. It makes me sad to think that my job is the only thing that keeps me going... The worst of it is, I know for a fact that if I were to disappear, I can be easily replaced. Just like everything else.

As for the shitty part of my life? My fiance of four years just left me. I've been in a same sex relationship and during one of my overnights, my fiance left me for a man she's been seeing for the past few months. I now know that she lives in California with him, has a job, an apartment, and a brand new life. She's loving everything and left me in the same old, same old. 

Many people have told me to move on and say, "Good riddance" to my fiance, but I can't. I feel left behind and abandoned and I'm seriously depressed about that. The haunting part is that we planned to see friends and family for the holidays and now I'm home alone. I'm honestly beginning to think that if I were to disappear, no one will miss me. No one has called or texted me wishing me a Merry Christmas or ask me how I'm doing, so what's the point of me being here? I'm not suicidal, but I just want to stop existing. I wish I were never born. 

