I don't want to fail anymoreThese past two years have been really bad for me. I've been trying my best to change my life so that I can actually be happy with who I am instead of just going through a daily routine of loneliness and anger and, more than anything else, sadness. I'm open with the people around me about how I feel, but it seems like people don't really care about me, they just want it to look like they do. I've realized that I dont have any real friends, just people that I see regularly. I used to think that that was enough, but recently I've seen what actual friendships look like and have come to the conclusion that I have never actually had relationships with anyone; I've literally always just been an acquaintance to others. So, this year in particular, I put a lot of effort into trying to build stronger relationships with some of the people in my life. It didn't work. Even though I am pretty personable and at times could even call myself charming, I can't make lasting connections with anyone. I have a good time with someone and it looks to me like they did too, so I ask if they want to hangout again sometime soon. They say yeah, but when I actually try to see them again or set up concrete plans, they always bail. I'm tired of getting my hopes up and having them dashed. Its literally always the same thing. I work up the courage to do something that I'm afraid to do and it ends up exactly as I was afraid it would. I took the chance to ask a girl out that I really like a couple weeks ago and she said no. I did not feel any better after asking her; in fact, I felt way worse than if I had never said anything at all. I raise my hand in class to answer a question, but of course I get it wrong everytime. I don't feel better because I put myself out there, I feel like shit and stupid because I keep to doing it to myself. Tonight, I auditioned for a musical and even though I practiced really hard for such a long time leading up to it and was really happy with how I sounding going in, I was a complete trainwreck on stage and embarrassed myself in front of so many people. I don't want to take any more chances. I never succeed. I don't want to fail anymore, and it seems like all I have to look forward to is more of the same.