Unable to find a sense of purpose or worthI've been in a downward spiral over the last couple months. I'm currently in graduate school. In undergrad, I studied mechanical engineering, but was pretty bored with most of the topic areas until I took some courses in heat transfer, which is what I study today. I'm getting tired of that, too, unfortunately. I'm in an MS/PhD program and I feel like I've really screwed up my path in life. I wish I could go back to day 1 of undergrad and say, "Well, that wasn't the best option, let's try computer science instead" and have a second cut at this. While I realize it's not worth ending things over this and that I always have the option to get a degree in something else, I always wonder, what if I don't like that area, either, and just wasted even *more* time and money? So then I settle on sticking with what I'm currently studying, planning to drop out after the master's (there's no way I can measure up to my peers or advisor's expectations for a PhD) and get a job somewhere. But there's nothing I'm really passionate about anymore. It just feels like a cycle of make money -&gt; spend money on food/shelter/health care -&gt; repeat for rest of life. Entertainment (music, video games, bicycling) at this point just feels like a distraction from the drudgery of the rest of the world, no better than a drug. 

I just feel like I'm not worth the air that I breathe, that anything I have to contribute is hardly noteworthy. I can't picture myself enjoying any line of work to the point where I would be intrinsically motivated. 

I don't really think I'd ever end my life, despite how often I fantasize about it; however, getting through the day is becoming tougher and tougher.

Anyway, I appreciate that this space exists. Anyone who read through this, thank you for taking the time. Therapy hasn't really been helpful for me and I think my friends are likely getting irritated with putting up with me, so it's nice to be able to vent about this and maybe hear from others who have been in similar situations. Take care, everyone.