The day I tried to kill myself over something stupid (and why I regret it)I was fifteen years old, I think. It was the summer, I would start my sophomore year of high school that fall. My mother had just divorced my father and it was news to me and my sister. The last time I talked to my mother, she had asked my father to move out for what I assumed was only a couple of days. When my father called me, rather depressed, a few days later, I realized that he was moving out for good. He said he was going to give me his bass guitar early (we had a deal that if I played his bass guitar every day for two months, he would give it to me for free as a present). We talked for a little while, he was nearly in tears and I was at a loss for words. I hung the phone up and I gave it back to my mother. I was still reeling over a breakup myself. My girlfriend at the time, a sweet thirteen-year-old girl named Victoria, had dumped me after three months because our relationship wasn’t special anymore. I was heartbroken, and I cried about it for weeks. Because of her, I still haven’t watched How to Train Your Dragon 2 and I don’t have plans any time soon to watch the third one. Wasn’t until years later when I’ve all but forgotten about her that she was a grown woman in her forties but that’s another story for another time.

Now if I can recall correctly, it was around 11pm. My mother was in bed and I was on my computer. Her and I had a rule that I wasn’t allowed to use the computer after midnight, that way I could get some rest. Looking back now, I think this was perfectly reasonable. But I guess I didn’t think that way then, because it was probably 1:30 when I get a text from my mother saying, “Caleb, it’s 1:36 AM. Go to bed, you and I have to have a talk in the morning.” Not wanting to question her and risk getting into an argument that early in the morning (or that late at night, depending on how you want to look at it), I just shut my computer off and went to my room. I saw a note on my bedroom door saying, “turn your phone off and leave it in the hallway.” My mother must have come out of her room for SOMETHING and saw me on the computer.

The next morning, I come out and see a note on the kitchen table saying “Call me when you wake up. I am not happy.” My mother is at work. Kind of nervous, I call her. She doesn’t even give me a chance to greet her. She just says, “hello,” and she gets right into lecturing me. I don’t remember everything she yelled at me about, but I could tell she was trying to keep her voice down and not cause a scene. She told me that she went through my phone and found questionable photos in my gallery. I was depressed at the time and I would cut myself often. I was still depressed when my mom was lecturing me that day, but I was getting over it. One time, I went too deep and my wrist was bleeding. I sent the picture to my father and he wanted to know why I cut myself and I told him that I’m kind of upset that mom left him. But that isn’t important. What’s important is my mother tells me she thought I cut myself all the time and now she thinks she can’t trust me anymore. She also somehow found a picture of my penis which I SWEAR I deleted. She said she’s not going to even consider giving my phone back because “all of the friends I met on the internet are a negative influence and will try to get you to commit suicide” which is stupid. Before hanging up, she said I needed to go through my bedroom and collect all of my electronics because she was going to pawn them off when she got home. Her reasoning is that if I wanted to kill myself, I probably wasn’t happy with all the stuff that **she** bought me.

I had enough and hung up on her. I decided to run away after that. I put my shoes on and left the house bent on killing myself. I wanted to *show* her. I got about a half hour away from the house and sat in the middle of the road, waiting for a car to run me over. I had to wait fifteen minutes before my wish was granted and a Subaru turned onto the street. I didn’t get to see what the name of the car was and I started to panic, having second thoughts. I got up as the car started honking at me, seemingly unable to stop because of how fast they were going, but I got up too slowly and the car hit me anyway. I went flying across the street in the opposite direction and landed in the bushes; the driver of the car got out and rushed over to me, half panicking and half angry. Half trying to comfort me and half lecturing me on why it’s unsafe to be in the middle of the road and demanded to know what the hell I was doing. Told him I wanted to kill myself and he wanted to ask why. I gave him a conceited look and told him that my mom was a bitch and took my phone. He asked if I was proud of myself and I told him no. I felt guilty. 

He called a hospital and while the ambulance was on the way he asked me if I could get up. I tried and could only get about a quarter of the way up onto my knees before I felt a searing pain in my back. I could move my arms, but I saw this gigantic bruise covering half of my elbow. I could move somewhat, but I couldn’t get up and walk around. This was probably the most painful experience of my life. Anything I tried to say after that came out as a wheeze, like he literally knocked the breath out of me. It took a half hour to get to the hospital and when I was admitted into the emergency room, x-rays were taken. The driver admitted to driving 30 miles an hour, and the impact was enough to not quite break my ribs but bend them enough to press into my lungs and crush them. Around a quarter of an hour later, my mother showed up and she was nearly in tears, but she still managed to tell me how much of an asshole I was for taking advantage of her. She said “here’s your stupid cell phone back” and kind of threw it at me, as if she thought that I pretended to kill myself to make her sorry for me and give me my phone back when in reality, I wanted to kill myself to get away from her.

It took about half a year to heal, and with physical therapy I was up and moving again by late 2016. My suicide attempt has become a distant memory, but it’s something that neither me nor my mother has forgotten. Now, when I feel like killing myself, I think back to the time I attempted suicide at 15 years old and I kind of laugh at how far I’ve come since then and realize that killing myself is a stupid idea. Do I regret trying to kill myself? Hell fucking yes. I to this day have no idea what came over me and wonder why killing myself because my mother took away my cell phone of all things was a good idea in the first place. I discussed this at length with my therapist, and she suggested I sit down with my mother and talk to her about this. I did, and she burst into tears and hugged me when I apologized to her.

The moral of this story is please don’t kill yourself on a rash decision because it may be the worst thing you could do.

***TOO LONG, DIDN’T READ: I was a dick and tried to kill myself when I was 15 because my mother took my phone and I regret it.***