Last goodbyeI'm about to be kicked out of home, and my phone has been disconnected. This is the last chance for a goodbye I'll ever have.

So many things have gone wrong in my life, it's hard to know where to begin. What everybody should know, however, is that it's all been my own fault. My bad decision making, my laziness, my inability to even get out of bed is the real reason my life is the mess it is, and the reason I'm about to have no home.

I've never had a job, you see, and my parents are both very sick. They're kicking me out because I don't have the drive or even the common courtesy to bother helping around the house. I don't bring in money, and I don't contribute anything. I'm just a lazy piece of shit who lingers in bed every day. I've never been on a date, I've never felt the satisfaction of succeeding, and I've never had the motivation to try.

Once I'm out on the street, I'll look for a place to die. I have a couple of ideas that would kill me for sure. It'll be the perfect end - a selfish end to a selfish existence. The misery I feel every day is crushing, and I can't take it anymore. I know that I'm just running away, but it's not like I ever faced my demons to begin with. I guess since my parents spoiled me my entire life, that probably had some part in making me how I am. That said, it's still my fault for never evolving or growing as a person. I truly, truly don't have a future. I have no life left to lead, and I'm choosing the easy way out. Frankly, I deserve death. A person as broken and as selfish as I am doesn't deserve a place here to begin with. My only regret at this point was being born.

I feel like I've been dead for years, but my body just doesn't want to stop. After all these years I'm finally gathering the courage to see it through. I can't wait to have that release. No more responsibility. No more pain. No more anything. That's all I want anymore. 

If you want to read more about me and my life, feel free to trawl through my post history, there's alot of it and most of its alot more well written than this is. My mind is just all over the place right now. Anyways, I guess my time is finally up, and I can finally be at rest sometime soon. Thank you guys for all your help here on this board, but there's truly nothing left for me now. I guess this is goodbye.