Consider this a suicide noteI am not going to bother with a throwaway.  I have crippling student loan debt which makes returning to school impossible.  I am mentally ill and I will never be right or better.  My last girlfriend became pregnant with another mans child and tried to get me to believe I was the father so I could care for it.  My so called friends took money I could have used to get back on my feet by robbing me at gunpoint and were believed by the police due to my mental illness.  I am 33, I live at home, I have no future, and my only job prospect is a job that will pay me for 28 hours of work when I stay on site for 3 days and work 16 hours each day.  Also I have to pay hundreds of dollars for training classes.  It could not be any worse.  Also, my family has turned on me and I was told due to my constant depression I was too difficult to put up with and needed to find a new place to live.  I am through.  I may not end it tonight but it will be soon and I wanted to tell someone.  Please don't bother with a reply because you will just be wasting your time.  Thank you for those who read this.  This is for the better because now I will be in a place without problems and I will no longer be a burden to my family.  The funny thing is I am not sad or upset really, it is just the only way out of the pit.  I am already living in hell, death will be an improvement.

EDIT/UPDATE:  I was very close to ending things last night.  I spent all night in a dark room with a knife and could not bring myself to cutting my wrists or my throat.  I then started to think about all my problems and everything that I have been dealing with and although its all tough stuff, I feel a lot better about things today than I did yesterday.  I don't know when things will get better but things aren't truly bad enough to end my life.  I started talking to my family today and things are on better ground there.  I will be moving out, but it will be when the time is right.  I have done without a job for this long, so I can wait longer if I have to.  Things aren't good, but I just needed some perspective to understand they could be worse.  Thank you for all your concern and everyone who cared enough to respond.  After a couple hours I may delete this post not due to emberassment but because I don't want this to be the first thing people see when they check my profile.  Thank you all again.