The Help Paradox I am in my mid-20s. I have been clinically depressed for over a decade. I am suicidal.  
  
I believe I am starting to have hallucinations, mostly auditory. My thoughts are increasingly difficult to organize. I believe I am either schizophrenic or bipolar, or some combination of those two. I feel like my ability to think rationally is slipping away. My mind is increasingly populated by other (false, fictional) thoughts I've had, rather than actual experiences. It's becoming an echo chamber. I am finding it harder and harder to speak eloquently (or even clearly). 
  
Together, with the depression, it creates a feeling of absolute inevitability. Like, there's literally nothing I can do about it. I will either lose my mind or kill myself, or perhaps the latter will take place as a symptom of the former. I am incapable of discussing any of this with someone else. Even typing it into a blank text document provokes incessant crying. I typed this over the course of several months. That's how much difficulty I have talking about it.   
  
I have begun selling, donating, and giving away all of my possessions to friends. I am doing this under the guise of moving to another country or state in the next year or so, but I'm really doing it because I want to leave as few possessions behind to clean up/get rid of once I am gone.   
  
I haven't had a haircut in 6 months. I've stopped shaving. I keep practically no food in my house. Women have been throwing themselves at me for dates (not sure why, maybe my long, gross hair is actually attractive to some people), but I can't even find the energy or desire to go on a date with a charming, attractive, smart person who will probably want to have sex with me. It doesn't interest me at all at this point. I don't know why. I've never felt like that before. I no longer have aspirations for my future. At this point, I spend most of my time doing things that will make my suicide less difficult on my family.   
  
I have been pushed into a life I hate by my family and friends. I am in college and I hate it. I am not a typical college student, so "take a break" isn't an answer to the problem. I've taken breaks. My family won't allow me to take any more. The only thing that keeps my mother off of my back is telling her I'm planning to go to law school when I actually have no plans to do so. I'm so resigned at this point that I haven't even done a good job of keeping up the lie.   
  
Classes started yesterday, and I still have not signed up. I had a 4.0 for the first 2 years of school. Last semester, I didn't take a single final. I pleaded with my professors for incompletes, even citing my mental health issues, but most of them just failed me anyway when I couldn't show them paperwork. I can't blame them; I'm sure people lie about being depressed or suicidal all the time to get out of bad grades. Oh well. My GPA is fucked. I will never get into a good graduate school because of it. That's a long-gone dream. I even had a note hung on my mirror about getting into an Ivy League law school with my cute little 4.0. Hilarious.   
  
I refuse to get help because I refuse to go to a residential treatment facility. I've been to them before (multiple), and I will not go back. I would rather be dead than back in one of those. **This is the paradox: I cannot receive help unless I am honest, and I cannot be honest without signing away my rights and forcing myself into substantial discomfort and shame for the next several years.** I would rather be dead than come out of treatment again as the broken, fucked up, spoiled, poorly adjusted young adult that people will inevitably see me as (again).   
  
My two dogs were one of the main reasons I didn't kill myself for so many years. One of those dogs passed away last year, and I'm pretty confident I could get a friend to take my second dog if needed. So, I'm not sure that's really a barrier anymore.    
  
My mother is another reason I didn't want to kill myself. She's an incredible woman, even though her expectations are high. I'm starting to think that I would rather be dead and leave her miserable than be alive and see first hand how disappointed she is with the trajectory of my life. The more time goes on, the fewer reasons I see not to do it.    
  
I'm getting worse and worse at keeping up the front of sanity. I could barely keep myself from breaking into tears at my sister's engagement dinner the other night, thinking that it could be the last time I would see my family. But I did. I kept a smile on my face and nobody knew.