Suicide hotlines don't even want me.I've got no friends or family that care about me. I've been disowned by my parents and grandparents because I'm gay. They'd abuse me badly. Physically, mentally, emotionally... I can't handle it any more. My brain is fucking broken. I don't know how to deal with shit. I'm barely in my 20's and my future is already limited to being either a minimum wage slave working 60 hours a week for 40 hours of pay or suicide.

My university is ~500 miles away from where my home and family were. After getting my funding cut off for school, rent and utilities I was told with absolutely no warning that I need to find a job now. Not only that, but my family wasn't going to come get me. Now I've been looking for a job. I've literally applied everywhere I can in this shithole little town. I even do follow up calls. But I just keep getting jerked around. I don't have long to find a job and start working before I get evicted from my apartment.

I've done everything I can. I've sold my shit (a DS, games, a TV, computer, hard drives, all my "toys"), I've applied (and been denied) government assistance, I've begged my family non-stop to take me back. None of it worked.

On top of that, I've got a singular person that gives a shit about me. And even then, we're a thousand miles apart. I've got no friends locally. No family that cares any more. I've got no prospects for a job. I don't have a car or bike, so I can't just leave. But here's the best part:

Even if I do start a job RIGHT FUCKING NOW, I'm not going to have enough to pay my rent on time. The late fees will just keep adding up. There's not a single thing I can do. And on top of that, I'll be stuck up here for the rest of my shitty, miserable life. I will not be able to afford to pay for tuition and shit if I don't have any financial support. I will still need to repay my student loans if I'm not taking 12 credits in the fall. I can't take 12 credits in the fall unless I'm working like 40+ hours a week. And I can't find a job that will hire me at all.

Suicide hotlines don't even want to talk to me. I got put on hold by three of them *just today*. They hung up on *me* after 30 minutes of wait time each. I'm not even worth the trouble of fucking strangers who are *probably paid to do this kinda shit*.

So, fucking see ya. I'm done. I can't do this shit any more. I'm sick of being not wanted. I'm sorry to my Sir who's going to be left alone but me being a giant disappointment to the people I love isn't anything new to me. In fact, it's really the one thing I've been consistently good at my whole life. So I'm going to go attempt to hang myself with a belt and probably fail at *that* too.

Bye, Reddit.