uhm. im not sure where to start.alright. suicide isnt a HUGE deal for me, but its been on my mind a lot recently. 

it's not that i feel like i have no friends or anything, i have lots of friends. the first thing that has been bothering me is my mom. shes honestly going insane. 

she had a mental breakdown at the end of january in front of my sister because she missed 2 lessons in cyber school. then she was bawling her eyes out at her bffs birthday party and took all the attention away from becky (the birthday girl). i found that to be highly rude. then, 2 sundays ago, she stayed home from church, but me my brother and my sister were already there. my friend had slept over, but hes an atheist, so he doesnt attend church. she had an emotional breakdown in front of him, screaming and crying and all that stuff, and then denied it. 

this morning, i asked her to call the doctor. a few days ago i went to a doctors office and accidentally left my favorite hat there. when i realized (like 20 mins after we left) she said shed call the next day, because they had closed for the day. she forgot. this morning i reminded her and she said "ill get you the number so you can call" and i said "but you said you would" i didnt even say it rudely because i knew she was on edge. well she starts yelling and screaming. then appologizes later.

so my mother is #1 for my depression. #2 is that I miss my sister and my best friend. again, my mom is crazy and wont allow them to see eachother. EVER. so my sister ended up meeting him in the night saturday (he was sleeping in our livingroom) my mom flipped shit and she wont let my best friend come over until they have a "talk" well, the stupid part is that my mom leaves on a business trip for florida on friday, and doesnt get back till tuesday. so itll be a long time till i see him. i used to see him like every fucking day and i miss him. 

also, my sister is staying with our youth pastor until tomorrow. and my mom took her phone because of her sneeking out or whatever. so i havent had like any contact with her exceppt she managed to get on facebook and send me a message.

so right now i am rather lonely, and that will be fixed shortly, but ive been thinking. i hate my mom. so once i can live on my own, i will, but i know my best friend has plans to like travel the world and stuff and i dont want to leave my sister alone. (shes 2 years younger than me) and if i dont leave her, then im stuck with my mom too. im just really lonely and depressed. the only things that keep me happy are my best friend, my sister, and my music/writing. I write in a journal and write lyrics to vent. but slowly thats becoming boring. I dont know what to do. i used to think if i had a bf everything would be better, but i dont want to "use" a guy just to be happy. i want to actually like him. any suggestions on all of this??