My parents don't let me do homeschoolingGoing to background, I've never given my parents a reason to worry about my studies or social life. Literally, I've been doing everything on my own and been successful in it. I entered a local elite lyceum for free just because my knowledge were enough, which I accumulated working on my own. The thing is that I'm mostly studying. It's not bad since it's what I want, but the lyceum didn't meet the expectations. At the lessons we mostly sit and doing nothing, being insulted and humiliated by teachers along with it. This is because I'm from quite a poor country where teachers are mostly +60 and don't get paid well. This is why the high school grades are often left with no tuition at all. So we come to school, sit there up to 4 pm and go back with tones of homework that contains of just mere something to your copybook, since teachers don't care. But at the same time we're exposed to anything the teachers want to. If they want to beat us on the back because we're sitting the wrong way, they can. If they want to choose a random weak student who can't reply and start telling him that he's worthless and perhaps will just die after school, they can. I'm not touched by them as I will defense myself, but I can't stand seeing this to others everyday. Everyone's self-esteem is ruined, I'm being told that I'm no use and do nothing every day, and after that I gotta go home and find motivation to do something, to convince myself that it would change things for my future. 

However I get lesser time for my study. I come home in the evening, exhausted from sitting and doing mechanical work like writing that doesn't have any intellectual value. And I have +5 more hrs of my own studies so that I can enter the university in two years. Needless to say about other activities, I hardly have time to exercise so that my spine doesn't hurt much. At night I have a little time to chat with my friends or finally read something. But it leads to constant lack of sleep which is gradually killing me. Besides, we're studying the same way on Saturday, so I only get one weekend which I spend doing hw and cleaning.

My mom knows how hard it is for me, she sees me coming home sad and dead everyday. The worst is that I waste my life. I'm studying five languages at the moment, but with school I only steal some time when a teacher doesn't see, so that I can do my own stuff. I also prepare for university math &amp; physics exam, which is way harder than anything else. 

 I was preparing her for this talk for a while, I was making an image of my school for her as something which only wastes my time and abilities. It's not about a bad ('not enough') education, it's about a lack of it. But that very day I told her about the idea of homeschooling, I had a breakdown. I just silently cried, as I don't do it on public, but I felt empty. Empty of any motivation if the things would keep going the way they were. My mom said that I'm simply trying to skip a problem. Everyone in her family was attending school, so should I (I only have 1,5 years left). She was saying that if I can't cope with such a little thing, then I can't cope with life and I'm a failure that is not able to make it. She started to say that I have a bad behavior, since I don't talk much to my family or don't suggest my help. She said that I'm a fool if I assume that I'm getting tired, since school is not a work. She said I'm a lazy bitch who doesn't want to do stuff. 

I know it sounds dry for now and I know that some people's sufferings are not even comparable, but I'm just empty and full of bad stuff I can't deal with now. I spent two nights with no sleep and two days just studying. I came back to school and heard humiliating things from teachers. I cut my wrist but got scared of a lot of blood and dizziness so I stopped it with a rope. In the last two months I lost six kilos because I throw when I get stressed. 

I just don't know what to do so far. If I could do homeschooling, I would study my grade's program, which we simply don't do at school. I would have time for my studied, I would prioritize. I could master my languages in these 1,5 year. I could be healthier and not feel a constant pain, shiver and lack of sleep. I could eat normally, but not early in the morning and late in the night. I could only enhance my motivation, otherwise not suppressing them with everyday humiliation. But I'm killing the only time remained. 

I don't know how long I can last. I have very little belief that my effort will bring me to a better life. Kinda all.