Suicide threats as manipulation?I posted this on r/Relationships but mods removed it and told me to post here instead.

I (37/f) think my husband (36/m) threatens suicide to manipulate me.

We’ve been together 17 years and have always had a hard time communicating, but we’ve been trying. Last night I listened to him talk for four hours about his feelings on an issue that we’ve been fighting about for 5 years. Talk turned into yelling, even when I tried to agree with his points, he screamed that I wouldn’t let him finish. So, I shut up and took it. After hours of being yelled at, we finally went to lay down and he asked me how I felt. I said that I thought he would get angry but he asked again so I started talking and sure enough, he got mad. I moved to the couch and he lost it.

He came into the living room and screamed “Are you ready for this?” and started pouring pills into his mouth. I jumped up and then he spit them out and threw the bottle. 

This isn’t the first time, and to be fair, I used to do this too. So we’d have fights where we were both threatening to kill ourselves. Ive been trying to understand myself more, recognize my toxic behaviors, hear him, and apologize. But I’ve become cold and almost immune to his threats whereas I used to cry and beg him to stop. 

This time I told him he was trying to manipulate me.

He then continued the threats in various ways: holding a knife to his throat, taking his belt off and going to the garage, trying to knock himself out by running into the wall, garage again with a cord, throwing himself on the ground, and trying to choke himself out. 

Each time, staring with those angry eyes while screaming at me.
Each time, I did what I could to stop him and stayed calm. 

He then tried to leave in his car saying he’d hurt himself. I got his keys away but he grabbed the spare. I stood behind his car (stupid, I know) but he just went forward across the lawn instead. He left his phone so there was nothing else I could do. I thought, “Well, this is when I find out if he’s really suicidal or just using it against me.” I went into the backyard because I was afraid he’d crash his car into the house.

As mentioned above, in the past, I have been suicidal during our fights too but I realized it wasn’t real. I realized it wasn’t real because over the last few years I’ve been suicidal where I’ve actually planned it out and waited until I was alone. Luckily, I’ve never gone through with it. 

He came back awhile later saying I didn’t deserve that. I didn’t ask what he meant. I just said let’s get some sleep.

This morning I woke up and the emotions finally hit me. I cried quietly in bed, I could tell he was awake but he didn’t say anything. I then moved to the living room. He came in, laid on the couch, didn’t say a word, and just sighs heavily once in awhile.

He fell back asleep so now I’m writing this, crying.

I know we need therapy, we’ve talked about going for years. I told him he needed to set it up so I knew he was serious (I take care of a lot of the adulting of our lives, a whole other issue). 

I’m scared to leave for so many reasons. I don’t want to give up on us, we are comfortable, I don’t know how he’ll react, I’m scared of being alone, I’m scared of all of the work that would go into a divorce.

I just needed to vent I guess. Thanks for listening.

TL;DR I think my husband threatens suicide to manipulate me but maybe I’m the jerk?

Update: after not talking for 36 hours, he apologized. I held him and told him we aren’t bad people, we’ve just done bad things. He says he is a bad person and hates himself. We’ve both been abusive to each other and need help. I told him I was going to make a therapy appointment and asked if he would too. He looked up therapy on his company’s EAP (I’m on his insurance) and we can get some free sessions. He said he’d get more info when he goes to work today.  I guess whether he does this or not will tell me how serious he is. 

Yesterday it seemed so obvious that I needed to leave him. But, now that things have calmed down it doesn’t feel so urgent or even necessary. I do love him and I feel like if I leave I’ll be abandoning him.