Just another miserable asshole M/22I know I'm not unique I know I'm not special. I'm A 22 year-old Virgin. I kissed a girl once and actually got the third-base on her it was pretty cool. That was three years ago though and I don't see it happening again. I was too scared to leave the house today.both my roommates left for the weekend. I haven't been to the gym in months. Sometimes I look at myself in the mirror and I think I'm handsome guy. Last year I thought I was gay for a little bit but I think that's because I was just so lonely. I start talking to a guy on grinder but then when he asked to meet I got nervous and deleted the app. Sometimes I look at gay porn but not very often. I don't think my roommates would understand. My sister tried to kill her self a couple months ago. She's turning 27 next month. She lives with my mom and quit her job right after she tried to kill her self. She just got a job at Walmart two weeks ago and recently quit. My mom has to go with her to her doctors appointments. I haven't seen my dad in three years. I should call him more often. I have talk to him one time since Christmas and it did not talk to him on Christmas. I dropped out of high school and have very bad handwriting. I'm really self-conscious about it. When I was 18 years old I weighed almost 400 poundsmy mom bought me a treadmill and I ran on it every day. I stopped writing this note to order a pizza there's something funny about that. It's not a matter if I'm going to kill myself but when. My mom and sister are extremely overweight and one of them as suicidal tendencies. I'll probably do it after they die. I see three possibilities for my life. 1. I meet a girl (or guy) who'll sleep with me have a couple of kids be broke for the rest of my life kids grow to resent me I've become an alcoholic.this is the least likely and happiest choice. 2. I Stay employed to the job I don't like get an apartment by myself and basically do what I'm doing tonight for the rest of my life: become a shut in who doesn't talk to people in orders delivery food with social Security money. 3. Kill myself.