Having a crisisI am a 18 year old male. I've never been in a relationship but two months ago I met the girl of my dreams over the internet. It seems stupid, I know. We got to talking and I eventually got the notion that we were kind of in a relationship, this turned out to be false, but as I had yet to meet her in real life, I persisted.  


I found out that her parents are abusive and that she was raped during a recent trip to London. I felt devestated, more than ever I wanted to comfort her and to help her, but due to the distance between me and her, it wasn't so easy. She joked about being suicidal and wanting to die. Me, having constant anxiety, often thought about situations where she would kill herself. Even thinking about it crushed me. She is the first person I've ever been able to open up to. I've never told anyone else about my feelings, and she is very special to me.   


About 1 year ago, one of my friends died in a traffic accident at the age of 17. He did nothing wrong. I've never told anyone else that the death of my friend absolutely crushed me. When she entered my life, I felt like there was finally some hope in my life, and that things could get better.  


A couple of days ago, I asked why she hasn't been able to come visit some time, as we have discussed for over a month, and she replied with "stop". Taken aback, I panicked. I said that I would give her some space and that I was there for her. I then sent her a lengthy message describing how she has affected my life and how talking to her has eased my anxiety and depression. When I didn't recieve an answer, I assumed that she felt pressured by the message, and I panicked. I became paranoid that she would feel guilty because I said that the times where I didn't get to talk to her were the worst, and that I had become more and more suicidal. I still haven't gotten an answer, and every couple of hours, I have another anxiety attack, and send her another message which I believe only adds fuel to the emotionally distressed fire.  


Without her, I don't know if I'll ever be able to recover. I know that the first time losing a love is the worst, and that we haven't even met, but this is incredibly important to me, she means everything to me. I also feel like if she leaves me because of something I have done, then it would be my fault if something bad was to happen to her because I wasn't there for her. That feeling of guilt is ultimately what makes me fear that I am going to kill myself if she doesn't respond / leaves me. At the same time, I don't want to kill myself, because I have loved ones that would feel the same despair that I felt when my friend died.  


I know I should wait it out and see what happens, but my anxiety is taking a toll and I don't know what to do.  


Thank you