Can someone please just talk to me? I don't expect answers, I just need to write.I don't even know what I'm expecting here. I just need to write it out and put it out there and nobody I know in real life can know this shit except for my wife, and she is so perfect and understanding and doing so well I don't want to drag her down.

I'm stuck. My career has hit a dead end and has taken all reasonable accommodation away. I recently got told I have bipolar disorder, General Anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. I also have severe Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. I have no paper diagnosis (Barring depression and OCD) due to a very restrictive life insurance policy and a very understanding doctor, who told me I have these things but agreed to not give me a formal diagnosis. This means I am not being treated as to receive my proper meds I would have to be diagnosed. I'm grateful every day for my doctor for understanding and not putting these things on my medical records.

I've recently turned 25 and always had mental problems, then I found out that at 25 is around when the bulk manifest. I'm hearing and seeing things that are not there, and I know everything is only going to get worse. I'm experiencing ticks (Flicking my hands, hitting myself on the head, etc.) I only noticed the ticks about a week ago but my wife said they started as long as 6 months ago.

Everything has gotten so bad. I'm broke. My wife is so fucking understanding but she's providing for us now. I was supposed to get a new job paying $70k a year, the hiring manager tripped over himself telling me how good my resume was but it looks like I wasn't selected.

My wife is providing the best she can, but we're still underwater. I've started dealing drugs and I absolutely hate it. I never wanted to be this person. I never wanted to have to threaten people because they didn't pay me. I had to get a posse of friends together and basically shake down a kid because he paid me in fake bills. I could have maimed this kid over $40.

Nothing is the way it's supposed to be. All I wanted was to have a child and a modest house with my wife and barbeque on weekends, and wear kitchy dad clothes, and embarrass my kid at PTA meetings, make lame puns and get wine drunk and call asleep watching Netflix with my soul mate.

But instead of running streets. I'm slinging drugs to some of the scummiest people I have ever met for pocket change.

I've sent out over 200 resumes and this was my first interview in a year. I had to call my estranged father for $500 to pay my car insurance.

I don't see an end. All I see is a fat insurance check for my wife if I make it look like an accident. I'd rather die now than progress to the point my Mother was, alienating all her friends and family to do drugs and having nobody, not even myself, mourn her death.

I don't even really expect anything here, just to write it out. I know any and all kind words can't help me. I just don't want to make my fucking wife cry.

The only reason I haven't done it in an alcohol, cocaine and adderal fueled bout of motivation is that my wife said she'd kill herself too if I did.

My guardian angel, I guess, keeping me alive.