Self Harming since I was very young, strange behavior as a child, unstable mental health through out all my life and strong symptoms of repressed memories of sexual abuse.My life has never been stable, neither has my mental health. I am a 21 yr old female and recently my depression and suicidal tendencies have been growing stronger an stronger. I know longer feel as if I am my own person, as if everything my body or mind has carried has been stolen from me. I always knew I was 'different', I can't remember a time when I didn't feel that way. As young as 5 (maybe younger) I remember physically hurting myself when I was upset or angry, mainly by winding myself by punching my stomach or scratching my skin. I also had an imaginary friend for a long period of time (2-3 years) who I used to tell everyone he would jump of the roof of our house and die, but then he would return soon after. I've always felt dirty in my own skin, I masturbated frequently from a young age but always had extreme feeling of guilt and self hate once I was finished. My childhood was unstable and with my parents both being drug users they were responsible,either leaving me and sister (2 yr older than me) home alone when we were very young or having a lot of people round at home time so it would be surprising if the history of sexual abuse occurred in my childhood. However, I reached out to my sister to see if she felt like we ever were put in a vulnerable position like that (as i remember very very little of the childhood) and she said no. I also had this flashback once, but it was so strange because for some reason I felt like I was seeing my moms past, when i confronted her, she told me my uncle used to sexually abuse her when she was younger. I am so confused with every area of my life, I have no idea who I am or what happened to me to be SO fucked up since I was so young. Has anyone else experienced anything like the above ? I am so lost, from an outsiders point of view my life is great, but the last drop of happiness in my life fell from my body a long time ago. 