My girlfriend of 3 years left me, please helpI'm sorry if this seems disjointed, or even overly calm, I don't know how I should be feeling at the moment, the only thing I know is that if I threw myself in front of a train this pain would stop for good.

She left me about a fortnight ago, and i've taken it fairly well up until now. She kept saying she still wants to be my friend, and that she still cares about me, that I still have a place in her heart, but actions speak louder than words and she ignores me when I need to talk to her the most, holds the smallest of things against me, and is generally making me feel worthless/like she wants me dead.

what makes it worse is that I've always tried to give her the best of everything, and being with her was the only thing I looked forward to at the end of the day. I no longer speak to my family for personal reasons and have no friends where I currently live, and i'm not able to move anywhere else due to a lack of funds. I literally tried to give her the world, before I lost my job I was saving up and was going to surprise her for her birthday in 2 years, letting her choose where on earth she wanted to go, and for how long.

Now I just feel like I'm falling with nothing to grab on to, I can't take pleasure from even the smallest of things like playing a video game over the net with a few guys I know (once again, met over the net) because my thoughts always go back to her and her beautiful smile.

I can't see any reason to go on when the only reason I truly care about doesn't care about me anymore, please, just give me something to look forward to, something to change my mind before I do something stupid, because it seems like it's the only way I won't feel like I've been poisoned from the inside at the moment.

EDIT: Thank you all so much for your support, it's still going to be hard but from what you've all said taking some time for myself is definitely the best idea at the moment. In answer to one of the questions, I do contact juggling (I believe you call them Fugashi balls in America) and I'm learning a few card tricks, so I have something to keep myself occupied.

again, thank you all.