I'm not living for myself.I must admit that I have good parts in my life. I do have friends and family that love me. Indeed they know that I'm going through this at the very moment and are trying to help me. I also have tools that I could use; a BS in computer science, which I don't enjoy at all. Being a lady also makes it so that people treat me like a child.

But these facts don't override the pain I am going through. The only thing that keeps me going is not wanting to cause other people suffering with my death. Or worse, my suicide.

But I want to die. I hope for some random event to kill me so that nobody has to be guilty. My loved ones would mourn me but they would move on. Hopefully. At least easier than if I actively killed myself.

Anyways, I've never known how to be content with my life. There is always more. I find myself most content when I'm dating someone but I find myself anxious. And then the breakup happens and I'm left defeated. I find myself wondering why I should bother working towards anything anymore. I don't want to build something and have to watch it crumble.

If it isn't obvious, I went through a breakup recently. I was already depressed while with her, admittedly, but the loss has scarred me. I suppose I could elaborate more but I loved each and every aspect of her. And she couldn't return the same. I gave her a trust that I have never experienced before and she broke it by withdrawing from me. The very thing I asked from the beginning not to do.

But to the overall point, every day I question why I should stay alive for others. I find less and less things enjoyable. I feel like I'm a leech on everyone. Heck my ex dumped me because I dragged her down with me. Talking to my ex was the only thing that gave me constant joy.

And now without her I feel lost. It's healthier that we've broken up but that reality hurts me. Because I feel like I ruined a great chance of happiness. And I don't want to experience this pain again. I don't want to feel pain anymore.