Finding the will to liveXpost from /r/depression

I feel very selfish for the way i've been feeling, but for the last couple of months I've been having suicidal thoughts to the point where I've formulated a plan and I've been getting my affairs in order, changing suppliers for my fiance so that the household bills are the most cost effective, throwing away personal possessions I don't care about, "packing away" things I won't be using.

I had a date in mind and I've just been living day to day until this day comes, experiencing life a bit, pushing through some of my personal boundaries, YOLOing it basically.
This week I've actually started to think that perhaps there's something to live for and this has stumped me but is giving me hope.

**Story Time**I had an abusive upbringing which led me to a suicide attempt in my teens, I failed but since then I've always had this nagging feeling in my brain when life gets shit that perhaps that is the answer and occasionally I'll fantasise about jumping in front of cars or drowning myself but never really do it.

Fast forward a few years I learn to cope with my depression and anxiety, I move far away from my abuser so anxiety of them being just around the corner is diminished. I have a generally positive outlook on life and feel secure and safe. I get engaged to the man of my dreams, we are together for 6 years and it's all wonderful.

Fast forward to about 6 months ago and I find out that my Fiance had a 1 night stand with one of my best friends, in my house no less, whilst I was sleeping. I forgive it as a mistake, the friend is still madly in love with him so that was awkward but for me personally my world crashed down. I'm afraid when I'm alone in the streets that someone is around the corner ready to kidnap me (a fear I used to have when I left my abuser), I'm depressed, feel worthless and confused. The only thing that drives me day by day is the fact that I need to do the given tasks. I basically wake up to go to sleep, I work ridiculous hours at work, staying away lots and just drinking and generally crying to myself in my hotel rooms when I'm away travelling with work.

I've hidden a lot of these deep feelings of depression from my partner as I don't want him to feel too guilty for what he did, the affair was a stupid mistake. I just put on a brave face when I'm at home.
For the last couple of months I've had a bit of an existential crisis. What even is the point of living? TO do the next task and the next task? Why not just cut to the chase? From a logical perspective it makes sense. I have no real desire to live so it doesn't matter if I die in my mid 20's or my late 90's.

And then something happened this week, I just felt warmth. I've been "playing" at life for weeks now whilst getting my bits in order and I thought, I'm really going to miss this guy, I'm really going to miss my friends, I'm going to miss sunshine and music, sunflowers and cabbages. I'm going to miss sand between my toes and crisp winter mornings. Maybe the reason I should live is just because *I want to*.

Perhaps one day I'll get back to the stage where I plan it all again, choose a fair date, when the lease on our apartment is up and theres no special occasions near by. But for today I'm going to enjoy the little things in life, maybe even make it to my wedding day and find some more reasons to carry on.
Sorry if that was a bit jumbled, I'm tired and emotionally drained atm :D