Planning to swallow a lot of sleeping pills tonight, would like to know more info on the lethal dose, effects on my body if I survive, procedure, etcHi, to anyone who is reading this. This is my first post to Reddit, so I don't really know how this works, or if anyone will read this in time.  I am really hoping so. If mentioning suicide triggers you, I am sorry, please stop reading. I'll quickly explain my backstory, then get to the point.

Please know that I am serious, and I'm not telling whoever reads this my life for sympathy/pity, however, I suppose more attention/upvotes will get me more comments/advice; I'm looking for anyone with experience/ medical knowledge to tell me the repercussions on my body if I follow through with my plan. Thank you in advance.

I'm 19, female, a second-year University student. Did well at a smaller university during my first year, transferred to a bigger one, took 5 classes and 4 labs, realized it was too much too late.  Had to drop 3, only taking two now.  I have two exams tomorrow which I know I won't pass. I feel sick and embarrassed, but at the same time, I don't care. No trauma, no abuse, loving home, supportive family, good income parents. Basically, I have no excuse except myself as to why I am here. And at the same time, I don't know. Been seeing a psychologist my father is paying for, for a couple of weeks, not really helping, lied when asked if I'm suicidal. Surprisingly easy, apparently, I'm a good liar. Wanted to be a doctor/dentist like my parents, and like my friend is aspiring to be, but as of current events such as failing this semester, I have no idea what I want to be. Thought I was above/smarter than everyone in high school, which is why I held myself apart, spent lunch in the library or went straight home, made three friends, lost touch with 2 of them down to one. Pretty pathetic. Parents paying for everything, including the dorm I am no longer using, and the classes I am failing. I don't know I got here.   But I do know, I'm lazy, and I think the covid situation really brought some of my issues to light like how lonely I am.  So I didn't really try and fell behind fast in September, struggling to keep up every since. Procrastinate a lot as well, and didn't have any motivation because I didn't have contact with anyone except my family on weekends. Had a roommate in the dorm, but didn't really connect with her, spent all my time in bed watching movies/youtube. Only myself to blame. I hate myself.  

What I've done so far:

Didn't think that I could, hate pain/needles, but I started with a dull knife, making cuts along my arms.  Nothing severe. Then switched to a blade/scalpel thing that is supposed to be used for cutting paper, until I realized how dull it had begun when I bought a package of razor blades the other day.  They are very thin and bendy, so it's hard to get a good grip on them. Yesterday I advanced to "down the river" cuts for the first time, but I can't go very deep b/c of the pain. I'd say I made it past the skin, up to the fatty tissue, so pretty shallow, They are about half a cm to a cm wide though. Hoping that taking something to numb the pain will help me commit.

I have no idea what I am about to do and how severe it will be. I am lucky and fortunate that I have never been to the hospital many times for any conditions other than the volunteering that I did in high school, and when I took a lot of antihistamine pills and checked myself into the ER afraid I was going to die. Nothing happened. Didn't take enough. This time I hope I will.

My plan:

I bought a bottle of vodka for the pain, 5 packages of sleeping pills (can't tell you the name because they're in my car), and I still have my razor blades.  4 of the packages have 20 pills, I think 50 mg of Diphenhydramine hydrochloride each.  Then the other package of Advil sleeping pills has 40 pills of the same amount if I remember correctly. So if my math is correct: 120 pills x 50 mg = 6000 mg = 6 g

I assume this is a lethal dose? I've done some research, mainly on Reddit, but I still can't find out what the lethal dose is.  I do know that some of the people who have survived their attempts were made to drink charcoal, couldn't control their piss/shit, were admitted to a psych ward, lots of needles.  I don't think I could take the embarrassment of all of that.  But I have to do something. 

If it doesn't kill me, will I have permanent brain damage?  Or damage to my liver? What will happen to me? Should I skip the pills and just try to cut deeper? I'm using that clip from Hannah Baker 13 reasons why for inspiration, but it's ironic b/c I cringe whenever I watched her cut so deep.

I might take them in my bed and try to sleep, or drive my car to a park (it's winter here) and take them there so if anyone finds me, my parents won't and I won't be so embarrassed. But I don't have my phone, so I won't be able to call an ambulance if I have second thoughts.

Can anyone tell me the effects of 100, 200, 300, 400 mg, etc?  I don't really know if I truly want to die, because I believe in God, and I know that I would go to hell.  And I'm a coward.  I'm hoping that I'll open my eyes and wake up and I won't have to worry about my exams anymore.  I don't know what I want. But I'm going to try something tonight.  Maybe in 6 hours, at least.

The only drugs I've ever done are alcohol and weed, and I hate the feeling of being out of control, so I'm pretty sure I'm not prepared for what will happen if I take these particular pills.

If anyone has gotten this far, thank you for taking the time to read my existential crisis. If you have any experience with this particular type of drug, please let me know what the effects are? 

Thanks