Nobody is going to see thisThere's no good way to articulate how I'm feeling. but I'll half-heartedly try as I can feel everything around me spiral(I took some pills) I'm so done. I've given up. I tried some. But I'm out of steam. Nothing budges, it will always be the same. Or at least an endless loop... a stupid cycle that will never escape. I need to be better. I can be better. Yet at the same time, I can't and never will be. My brain is completely fried, endlessly blank, or continuously searching.

When my mind is underwhelmed by its own-self it desires something to feed it, knowledge, art, music. Just something. When you throw it for a loop, everything goes haywire. I collapse. I cry. Every emotion grounding me to my own character no longer holds up. Nothing feels real

But maybe its just experience. Maybe that's all it wanted. The human experience. To live-life. To stop floating. I don't want to argue with you. I don't want to upset you. I don't want you to hate me. So I'll give up my fight, compress my stupid fkin emotions. I'll stop being around you, you probably just pity me. ugly me, stupid me. Annoying weirdo. look at her- she must hate everyone- that's why she doesn't talk to anyone- its cause shes antisocial and ill. So full of herself. She must be.{ while the thought of someone I know maybe committing suicide (because of certain signs) throws me into panic}

I don't care anymore. there's only a small ass fraction of me that dose. and i've drowned it. I swear I did

But I'm just an asshole to my parents. who are assholes to me. Just what I deserved. A miserable life without anyone. Its what I get. I deserve the worst. SO many people have been through worse than me. My life isn't that bad you stupid fuck. stop complaining. STOP STOP STOP. make it stop

It's really silly, isn't it?

How a simple hobby was the last thing keeping you grounded and sane.

Now its gone cause I'm a lazy piece of ADHD shit

Maybe I can starve myself again. 

I need to cope somehow. crying to your parents (as they dismiss it as me having a teenager tantrum) while subconsciously thrashing your head into the wall in frustration is just gonna make your dad slap you

Your mom wants you to starve, she keeps not so subtly pointing out things that very obviously correlate to my weight gain. She refers to the time that she very well knows I was starving myself (She said that I was, and mentioned the fact I was after the fact) as me being healthy. Even if I pointed it out she would deny and twist it. Cause she's a fucking liar. (she always does that when I point out whatever she is doing) then bring on any other subject about me doing things badly and wrong to my face and continue on.

 I don't know who I am. Neither do you. Nor will anything. 

I give up. figuring anything and everything has driven me to insanity. 

&amp;#x200B;

Apologies for any grammar mistakes. I'm fucking stupid.