I know I should be grateful for what I have, but..(P.s. sorry for formatting, I’m on mobile and stupid lol)
Nothing feels worth it anymore. I have a wonderful boyfriend (even though we have our moments,) I have my own place with him, and we’re planning on getting married even! I have a good, albeit VERY stressful job, and I’ve got so many opportunities in this life. 
Everything would be perfect if the past, and my medical conditions, didn’t have their grubby lil’ paws on me.
I’ve attempted more times than I can count; either being stopped by me not getting doses right, not slicing deep enough, things breaking, or being stopped by the people who used to be in my life.
Everything growing up was pretty awful, only having very few and sparse ok times to shine through it.
I ended up fleeing my home at 17 due to abuse and constant manipulation, having nowhere to go except random friends’ houses and shelters, where I ended up getting sexually assaulted some more lol.
I still have contact with both of my parents but just... nothing they do feels genuine, if that makes any sense. I seriously don’t understand how you can put someone through all of that, and still pretend you’re buddy-buddy with them and expect money or gifts to make up for all of that mental torment?
I know I should just cut them off, and move on with my life but it’s not that simple. I feel guilty even feeling bad about what my father did to me. 
I suppose it’s more of a yearning to have a good family, and saying my last goodbyes just solidifies the fact that it’s never gonna happen and I’ve given up trying.
With work, past trauma, and my chronic nagging health conditions, I’m just...
Over it?
I’ll probably feel better once I take my meds, but having constant reminders I don’t really have a family to call my own, nightmares and memories of the sexual assaults, being stuck in a work-sleep-work-sleep cycle, not really any friends, along with problems between my bf and I 
I just feel like
I should
Try again haha


TL;DR: life sucks, PTSD, work, relationship problems galore keep me from living life and make me wanna KMS lol