I don't know how to title this kind of thingI don't know exactly where to start, but I'll try to do it best I can according to timeline. It may help to know female and 15 now.

Ever since I was young, in Elementary school I noticed I was attracted to girls as well as the occasional guy.

Starting in the summer of '08 I begun homeschooling myself. For the first 6 months or so, all I did was watch movies online, literally pretty much all day and night. I'd also watch some t.v.

In October of '08 my cousin was visiting us, he's 2 years older than me and he gave me a drink and told me to taste it, so I did. I could tell there was alcohol in it (he always drank), but I'd never been drunk before so I decided to go ahead and dive in. After about an hour of drinking, he started kissing me. It made me very uncomfortable but I find it very hard to tell guys no, be it for a date or... in this case. We stumbled our way outside and had sex. I woke up the next morning feeling very distant and feeling as though I betrayed myself and others.
Ever since that incident I began getting drunk 3 to 4 days out of the week. I would just get drunk and roam around my house with music blasting.

In March of '09 the same cousin came back to visit and I knew what was coming, sure enough once everyone went to sleep he started messing with me again and it led to more sex, I was so drunk this time I think I passed out (which had never happened before). 

In April of '09 I began homeschooling via a correspondence school. So by now I had much more of a responsibility to get things done during the day, yet I continued to get drunk many, many times.

When summer of '09 rolled around my sister and I started watching a bunch of movies together, one of which was "Pulp Fiction". The scene where Uma Thurman ODs on heroin made me want to try to abuse my schedule II ad/hd pills. That day, while my sister was off working at the library, I did just that. Not sure how it was going to end, I notified one of my friend ahead of time to "call me in two minutes and if I don't answer something's gone wrong". Nothing went wrong, but the pills did give me a slight rush. I think the want to do it was more of a placebo effect, of thinking I was a badass.

So by now, I'm drunk most days out of the week along with abusing my pills. This continues for months, a few times it crosses my mind to stop doing it, and I gave it a half-assed try and gave up.

On thanksgiving of '09 my uncle was staying over at our house and he and I had been staying up late. I don't feel like typing out too much, suffice it to say he raped me. 

More drinking and more pill abuse is going on now. By March of '10 I meet up with my best friend whom I've known since I was 7. I disclose in him my drinking and pill abuse and he convinces me to try and stop. So I do, I stop for about a month before I relapse. Then I'm clean for another week then relapse. Relapse. Relapse. By the summer of '10 it's not as bad as it had been but both problems still exist and I'm tempted nearly everyday.

In June of '10, on a trip up in the mountains of NC, I was raped by my uncle again and during the whole event the night consisted of heavy drinking and smoking.

The rest of the year I continue to relapse about 4 or 5 more times, short spans of relapses, long spans of soberness. 

About 2 weeks ago, the same cousin was visiting again, and this time I was determined not to let anything happen, alas it did. This time while it was happening I kept telling him I didn't want to do this, and I almost broke down and cried, but I wasn't gonna let him see that, so I didn't. 

I hadn't abused my pills in many months now, maybe 4 or 5 (pushing 6). Until last night, I was watching "The Runaways" the movie has many drug scenes in it and it reminded me of that distant feeling I get when I abuse, so the urge to do it overcame me and I gave in at about 2 a.m.. I stayed up the whole rest of the night being mad at myself, feeling depressed, out of my mind, and suicidal (pretty much the same feelings as the past three years). And I couldn't stop longing for a girlfriend. Wanting to be able to get up, go to this person tell them all these problems and have them say I understand.

Over the past three years, (as with many teens) I've been very confused as to what my sexual orientation is, I convinced myself I was bisexual, but I think I'm coming to terms with the fact that I'm just gay.

Today, I just can't get over how much I wish none of this had ever, ever happened, and how I was I were still the innocent girl I used to be. I can't stand it. 

What the hell do I do?! I can't tell any of my family about this, it would absolutely devastate them to learn of *any* of this, which would make me feel horrible.

What's the next step?

EDIT: I can't believe I'm posting here, I never thought my life would come to this, ever.