I have no reason to not kill myselfI've decided, philosophically and personally, that there is no reason to continue living. Here's why. 

All my life, I'd been successful. I was a straight A student in high school. I worked in a lab. I gave presentations to engineering companies. I did CAD for companies. I won awards. I had a 3.73 in college classes (for two years worth of classes, full time). 

Then I came to a top school in my field and I tanked. I failed calculus 2 my first semester. Now I'm failing (getting a D, maybe) in OChem 2. And I'm a chemistry major. 

I had a B all semester, too. That's the thing. And I got a B+ in OChem I. The thing about all of this is that I always started out strong, and was screwed by the final. 

Life isn't fair. 

Now my GPA is tanked, even if I retake OChem, because I still have Bs and Cs in my other classes, so I can't get into: nursing, business, med school, pharmacy school, engineering (you have to apply for a major here)... I'm barred from everything because of my first year mistakes that all happened in the span of four hours....

Not only that, but I might lose my scholarship if my GPA dips too low. I have severe anxiety. I don't have friends.

And there's nowhere my life can go at this point but down. I can never be an engineer. I certainly can't be a chemist, I can't fucking do OChem. Nobody is getting back with me with replies on working in a research lab, and the ochem lab I worked in this past semester I hated. I was supposed to have an internship this summer but with my gpa tanking I wont now. I've screwed my entire future. I might even have to retake my calc class again, and this time I can't even use forgiveness, so I'll have a D+ permanently on my record.... 

So I have no future. I don't want to be a fucking truck driver, or at tradesman who's back goes out at 50, or a waitress, or anything that's gratifying that I'll be poor doing anyway for the rest of my life. And I obviously can't be an academic. So I am going to kill myself. 

I have a bottle of benzodiazepines for migraines at home. As soon as I get home, I'm going to take the entire bottle when no one is there. I might leave a note. This is my note. But I'm finished. There's nowhere to turn that's worth while. And philosophically speaking, only a good life is worth living. I'm not going to hang by a thread in a shitty, underpaid manual labor job I hate because killing myself is somehow immortal. It's not worth it. So I won't. 

It's been real. 