My mind is a mess.Greetings,

To those reading this I'd just like to say thank you for taking the time. 

I can't talk to anyone in my life about my thoughts and daily struggles within myself. So, I figured I'd come to the internet to at least share the dark and lonely path I've walked down. 

I've been contemplating suicide for about 5 years.  It's been so long because I would always grasp some shred of hope to hold onto. Well, things have changed and I've now begun planning my death. In doing so I almost feel more calm, I can sleep a tad better lately. Knowing that in just a short time I won't have to feel anything, ever again.

Some back story on how I've come to this decision. Ever since middle school I've had very severe shifts in my mindset. I'd go from being ok and laughing to not talking to friends for days, even weeks. Not laughing, or crying, or anything. I'd make bad choices just because I didn't care what the outcome was. I didn't care about anything or anyone. In middle school it wasn't as serious since there isn't really any "bad outcomes". These shifts in my mind would result in me being grounded at worst. During high school these shifts resulted in failing classes, family speaking to me about my "hormonal mood swings", losing friends or girlfriends, and other miniscule consequences (besides bad grades). Adulthood is when these shifts started to seriously affect me. I'll list these without too much detail.

Lots of debt, moving from couch to couch, losing many friends, not speaking to anyone for months at a time, not showering, not eating, bad hygiene which resulted in decaying teeth. Tooth decay leaves me with pain 24/7, losing multiple apartments and jobs, self harm, chain smoking, severe anxiety. 

Those are some of the consequences. At least the ones that are easy to understand. 

The reason I've finally decided to go through with this happened in the last few weeks. I had a nice apartment, car, decent job, high end PC, etcc...it's the glimpse of hope I talked about earlier. For reasons that I don't fully understand I had this massive anxiety attack while driving to work. I stopped on the side of the road, smoked a few cigs, and to combat the anxiety I went into that mindset. The mindset of just not feeling anything. I never got to work. I quit my job. I don't know why I quit it. I just did. The day after I quit my job the reality of what I just did sunk in and yet again I went into anxiety and fear mode. Yet again, I just decided to feel nothing. I'm now 2 days away from losing my apartment and my car and starting from square one again. 

I know there are many individuals who have much worse lives than myself. But for mine, I'm just tired. Tired of being my own worst enemy. Tired of letting everyone down. Tired of trying to care. Tired of fake laughing and smiling. Tired of pain both physically and mentally. Tired of being tired. I just want to rest. 

I have tried to get help via hotlines, family, doctors, and friends. Nothing ever helps. No, I'm not religious and never will be. 

I wanted to have somewhere where I could just give a brief glimpse into my mind. 

Thanks for reading.