A late night message to a friend explaining my situation.I know you're asleep but I just really need to talk, and typing this out and knowing eventually you will read it may or may not help. 
But no matter how hard I try, I have so much trouble escaping the thought that I am ready to die. I've been specifically thinking of shooting myself, and to be even more specific, on friday. It would be the perfect opportunity, because then I wouldn't have to worry about someone walking in on the mess of the act. I could leave the home with the gun and one shell, and before I pull the trigger, I could call the cops on myself. If they don't take it seriously, they might after neighbors call and report the gunshot. I understand the pain I would put my friends and family through.. But it's an idea that I'm becoming more accepting of. 
We spend our lives trying to tell people to be happy and stay positive and not to do things that are harmful to us, when in reality we do these same harmful things. 
I really feel like I've accomplished most of what I wanted to do. I look at my high school diploma and I curse it. I don't give a fuck about it. No piece of paper has value to me. No diploma, dollar... Anything. 
I honestly feel like the world is too much for me. I am living against my will and it's hard to not feel this way.
I think too fucking much
I love too much.
I share too much.
It is such bullshit to be forced into this world with all of these intricate underlying rules that you have to learn the hard way every time. 
I understand that everyone has their own value, and even I do. But realistically, I'm insignificant as fuck. 
Maybe to a handful of people I'm not, but to the rest of the world, I am just another face and shitty attitude. I mean remember, you're unique and special, and so is everyone else. Makes sense right?
I just feel like no amount of positivity can counter all of the negativity I've been feeling for literally over half of my life. I'm just done. I'm sorry to drop all of this on you but I just really feel like I'm slipping into dangerous states of mind, and I don't really know what I expect. If I was REALLY suicidal, would I be telling you? I honestly can't say. I've been "suicidal" for about 5 years now. Wouldn't I have done it already? I drive myself insane with all of this thinking. I'm sorry