Ten years wasted.I'm sorry if anyone clicks on this post. You don't have to read it. It's waaay too long, whiny and most of the time it doesn't even make sense. I just really needed to vent. I'm new to reddit and if this post doesn't belong here I apologize. 

So I'm 24 (f) turning 25 in two months. And today I kinda realized the only thing I want to do on my birthday is kill myself. I've been suffering from depression for about 10 years now, as well as anxiety, health anxiety (hypochondria) and OCD. I usually say my depression started when I was around 15 but honestly it's really difficult to know exactly when my sadness turned into actual depression. Ever since I was a kid I've always been kind of melancholic and felt this weird sadness inside of me. I was a happy kid though but those feelings would always be there and come around every now and then. I was a really messed up kid I guess, already suffering from OCD and not really fitting in. I got bullied almost right away by both other students as well as teachers. I can't really remember why my classmates went after me (in the beginning) but I think it was because of how I looked. I had crooked buck teeth and wore glasses and those two things make up for the perfect bully-victim I guess. My teachers on the other hand hated me because I was kind of a daydreamer, spending most of my time in class looking out the window completely lost in my own little world or doodling in my notebook. This caused them to yell at me, telling me how I would never become anything, that I was completely worthless and should just quit school instead of wasting their time. Oh well...

Then I started high school and immediately everyone was after me. I went to a school that had around 300 students and almost everyone knew who I was by the end of my first year. I still hadn't got braces yet, my eyebrows were kind of big (jokes on them though since that seems to be the trend now hehe) and I dressed how I wanted, completely ignoring fashion trends and just went for my own not so very fashionable style. One older guy knew my older brother and started teasing me about it, bullying me for my looks and just decided I was his next "victim". He was quite popular and turned all of his friends against me. That's how it started and other people just went with the flow. I wasn't the kind of person who would just take it and instead spoke up for myself and fought back which was a big mistake because it only made it worse. Eventually it felt like I had the whole school against me. I wasn't even doing anything! I was literally just a kid. A skinny shy awkward kid who just happened to be the next target. I should mention the school I went to used to be one of the worst rated schools in Sweden. 

Well, you can probably guess for yourself how the rest of the story went. I got bullied everyday (even by people I didn't know) and then they started cyberbullying me. Taking pictures of me, uploading it to different social media platforms, altering the pictures, making photo albums and naming them things that would become my new names for the rest of the school years. I could write those names down but I'm worried someone would recognize me then, I'm probably just being paranoid but still... 

The constant bullying took a toll on my mental health. It was hard enough just being a teen and going through that awkward phase and stressing about getting good grades, having your first kiss, losing your virginity, making new friends etc etc. As if that wasn't enough, I was struggling at home. My sadness would turn into anger, I would fight with my parents and have these emotional breakdowns where I would just scream my lungs out, break things or just cry hysterically. I had a horse who was very difficult and tough to handle, way too much for a 13-year old and I would spend most time in the stable just crying my eyes out because nothing would go right and my performance anxiety went through the roof. Every time my dad went with me to my jumping sessions I knew he would yell at me and telling me how worthless I was, how everything was my fault and that I wasn't trying hard enough. And then my brothers turned on me as well. I still feel my heart wrench when I think back to the times when they would just randomly stop me, or laugh out loud by the dinner table and gladly telling me what their friends are calling me. "Ugly Betty", "Matrix \*name\*" etc. Me and my siblings would fight yes, but I would never ever call anyone of them ugly. Never. 

I was diagnosed with depression and one of the worst doctors I've ever met convinced my parents anti-depressants was the cure. Sure, for some people it works but for me it was clear from the beginning it would only make things worse. I had a negative reaction to every med I tried. I turned into a zombie, became borderline psychotic and gained 45 lbs in a matter of months. I went from being very content with my body to hating it and not even recognizing it anymore. None of my clothes fitted anymore. I was living in a haze, slept most of the time and barely ate. When I FINALLY stopped with all the anti-depressants it was like waking up from a fever-dream and not recognizing the person in the mirror anymore. I got very sad and self-conscious about my body. Not only was I ashamed of my face but now my body as well. It got even worse when I had to wear sweats all the time since my regular clothes were too small and my dad started making rude comments about it. One time he forced me to try on some pants that were on sale. I didn't want to but he wouldn't let it go, so I did it anyways and he completely lost it when I asked for a bigger size. He kinda screamed at me, telling me I could not need a bigger size and if so I should just leave it. He continued with these small remarks, commenting on what I ate etc. I was barely even hungry anymore and would often skip meals but every time he caught me making a sandwich or something he would yell at me. I ate less than I've ever done in my entire life (before he would get mad at me for not eating enough), he knew I gained all that weight because of the meds and he knew how much I struggled to come to terms with it and he still said those things. 

I tried to lose the weight and started working out. At first I just went for some walks but after some time I would lose control and started working out 2 hours a day everyday, count calories, measure every inch of my body and weigh myself constantly. I became obsessed with the idea of losing weight and when still nothing happened, well my depression got worse and I didn't want to leave the house most of the time because I was scared of what people would think of me. 

At around the same time me and my friend had a falling out. She became depressed as well and we both started self harming. Sometimes we would hang out at her room and share a razor blade (which is super-dangerous, I know) and just talking about how we would commit suicide. It all escalated, she was committed to a hospital, we started fighting and broke off all contact after that. A little while later I dropped out of school. 

I did everything I could to try and get ANYONE'S attention. I would slice up my wrists, collect pills and throw fits when things just got too bad but it still didn't feel like my parents saw me or understood how bad it was. I was losing myself and losing touch of reality. My dad started to mentally abuse me. I guess he couldn't handle the fact that his daughter was "weak" and depressed. He would do everything in his power to break me. If I had a really bad day and tried to stay in my room he would come up to my room and yell at me for not doing anything. But If I left my room and showed myself downstairs he would instead yell at me for "dragging my feet" and "pulling everyone else down with me". He would constantly come up with excuses to fight with me. 

He would continue to verbally and emotionally abuse me, taunting me and every now and then become physically abusive. Those times I would just run for it. Out the front door without shoes or a jacket and just try to get away. Sometimes I would watch our house from a distance and I could see him walk over to our neighbors house and, as I found out later, tell them that I was some emotionally disturbed kid. At the end I kind of wished he would die. It's such a horrible thing to admit, but I had a lump in my throat and a knot in my stomach every night around the time he would get home from work. My mom was always on his side and turned a blind eye to everything bad he did. 

Things got a little bit better when I finally moved away from home, three months prior to my 20th birthday. I reconnected with that old friend of mine as we happened to live next door to each other and I was feeling very lonely. That was five years ago. And here I am, sitting in my 2 bedroom apartment and feeling more depressed and lonely as ever. 

The last ten years of my life has been completely wasted. That's all I can think about. That, and how I just want this all to end. I don't want to live like this anymore. My life has been nothing but a pathetic messed up story about a messed up kid being bullied to the point of no return. I have lost all faith in humanity and believe everyone is bad. I can never get over what those people at school called me. I wish they had just freezed me out, ignored me. Called me stupid or commented down on my clothes. Not my face. I have seen pictures of myself from that time and I know I wasn't hideous. I looked like any other kid. But when I look at myself in the mirror now, all I see is what they saw. A monster. I see someone so ugly that it's not even describable. My confidence is non-existent. I get panic attacks when I go to the grocery store because it feels like everyone is staring at me, getting grossed out by me and hating everything about me including my personality (that I'm not sure is even mine. I don't know who I am) but the only thing I have said to anyone is maybe "hello" and "thank you" to the cashier. 

I have no friends, I have no social life what so ever. I have never been in a relationship, I've never even kissed someone. I lack social skills, I get super nervous and shy every time I speak to someone and my fear of rejection is so bad I just try to avoid social contact at all costs. I rarely speak to someone but when I do, if someone calls me on the phone or something I'm talking way too much and get so excited about finally getting to speak to anyone but as soon as the call ends I feel very isolated again and I do that stupid thing where I go over every little detail about that call, wondering if I said something wrong, if I talked to much, if the person was annoyed by me or something. I experience so little physical contact that I feel like I can't even give a proper hug or handshake anymore. If someone like taps my shoulder or just touch my arm real quickly it feels so strange. I don't mean to sound like a creep haha, it's just so crazy how something that used to be so natural (like giving someone a hug) could become such a big deal. I did feel a little bit better after I googled it and realized I'm not the only one suffering from lack of physical touch (which happens to have such a silly name as "skin hunger" and no, it's not a funny word for zombies) and that it is so important for humans and our mental health, as we are in fact hurd animals, that we could get ill from lack of it. It can for example cause depression or at least sadness. 

I have a hard time admitting to myself that I don't want to be alone anymore. I've always known I would be alone. But the older I get the more painful it is to think about. I never talk about things like this. Not to my family, not to my friend. Actually, I'm pretty sure my parents think I'm gay because I never talked about guys when I was a teenager and never had a boyfriend or anything, haha. Wouldn't be the worst though, well, except for my dad who is kind of homophobic. But even admit to myself that I want friends is difficult. Because that's not how I am. But not having anyone to talk to or hang out with and just being all by yourself all the fucking time is not so fun. 

These last days since it dawned on me that I will in fact be turning 25 in two months I have been experiencing this quarter-life-crisis-thing. I have such bad anxiety and I just feel panicky all the time. I'm just waiting for it to blow out of hand and I won't be able to sleep or eat. It has happened before when I was around 21. And now I would do anything to be 21 again and have those extra years. I have missed out so much! My teenage years were a complete waste! My early twenties were a complete waste! And my late twenties sure are going to be a complete waste. I want to go back in time and re-do the last ten years. I want to go through all those milestones; partying way to much, losing my virginity (pretty sure I'm gonna play the female version of the 40-year-old-virgin), sneaking out at night and just rebel. Doing all that crazy shit you're supposed to do as a teen. And then I would spend my early twenties doing what the hell I want because I would still be young enough to get away with stupid shit and have plenty of time left to get my life together. I just keep replaying this in my head over and over again and IT'S KILLING ME. 

I have waited so long for things to turn around. I have tried everything in my power but nothing ever goes right and nothing ever happens. The last five years have been like one long day. Nothing is worth remembering. I just want to live my life to the fullest so that I know I won't regret anything when I'm old,  but I have already wasted my youth and I will never get it back. 

I am stuck with only bad memories, I hate everything about myself so much I want to break every mirror in my apartment just so I don't have to face my reflection again. I have so much hate in my heart. I am so angry and sad and miserable. But I also have good sides about myself. I barely believe in them but some good is still left in me I guess. I am still a kind person and I do love my family despite all the bad things that have happened. But I try to avoid seeing them as I feel like my presence is unwanted. Not because of them, not at all. It's just my fucked up thoughts about how no one, not even my own family, could love me. Like I truly am the black sheep.

So that's why I think about killing myself. Because I can't live a life I don't truly or even slightly enjoy. But then again, every time I listen to my favorite album for the 150th time, 'Pampered Menial' by Pavlov's Dog and I get all choked up even though I've listened to it so many times before, or when I visited a flower shop and as corny as I am couldn't stop myself from thinking that "this is truly heavenly", I guess I would miss it. Because I still find beauty in things. It's like I've started to appreciate things more the worse my depression has become. Like that grey rain-curtain lifts up and glimpse some of the colors of the world again. I even find something oddly beautiful and comforting about my sadness, as much as I despise it. I guess Berninger was right, eventually we do fall in love with our sadness. When I picture myself sitting curled up in the shower with two deep cuts running down my wrists and dark red blood pouring out I find something beautiful about it, just as it is sickening. And I HATE that feeling. I want to hate everything. I don't want to believe in anything anymore, I don't want to see anything beautiful in this world anymore. Because it makes it so much harder to leave it once and for all and I'm afraid I will regret it. 

And I still do love things. I love music, I collect vinylrecords. I love books, movies, art, antique furniture, animals, nature. It's just that nothing is enough. I always have this fucking emptiness inside me. It hurts. It hurts my heart. The worst moments are those moments where I feel fine for a bit, but then I remember it's only temporary and it well get worse again. There are days when I actually do something that makes me feel something, but those days are so rare and they are all ruined by this cloud hovering over me and the reminder in the back of my head that it will soon all be over and I will be back in my empty apartment in my empty life waiting for another one of those rare occasions when I get to enjoy life a little bit and feel something again. I just wish it would stop hurting. It would be so much easier if depression would just swallow you whole and you would just fade away. I hope I will find the courage to do it. It's to painful to go on like this. Like I'm just a random character in a movie and the actual protagonist is missing. And it won't get any better. I can feel it in my heart. 

I am stuck in this forever.