confused, and wanting to dieFirst thing, I'm not depressed, or at least I think I'm not, I just want to die. I don't really feel sad often or more than normal, it just occasionally when I'm at home and lonely, other than that I have a pretty good social life, and when I'm out with friends I feel happy. But when I'm home and I have a chance to think about it I don't want to live. Again I'm not depressed so I don't need therapy or medication or anything like that. Occasionally I want to cut myself for no reason or poke myself with needles in my legs. I've never actually hurt myself in any major way but I've come seriously close, I decided that if I still wanted to do it I would do it the next day so I had a whole day to really think about it, after that, I went to sleep and the urge went away. I can't explain the urges to hurt myself other than the fact that I want to punish myself because I think that I'm a bad person. I know I sound crazy. I also have a reason for wanting to kill myself, it's because I truly think that there is no purpose in life, because there really isn't, and there are no cons to suicide except for hurting friends and family, and the pain of doing it to yourself physically. Those are the only things holding me back. The thought of someone approaching me and just shooting me in the head inst scary to me, I almost wish it would happen, so I wouldn't have to live this pointless life anymore. I have never been through therapy, but I believe that no amount of therapy will "fix" this, neither will any amount or type of medicine because it isn't a feeling, it's a belief that pushes me to want to kill myself, not a feeling. I've actually searched all over for the web for someone like me and I haven't found anything, can you even be depressed from thinking something likes this? Because I font think you can. This is not a joke, I'm being 100% serious. I've never have talked to anyone about this at all. I just need some help/advice. I just wanted to get this off my chest. Any replies at all will be appreciated. Thank you so much for reading.