I badly want to die and I feel like killing myself is the only way to end the painFor background I’m not doing this for attention I need advice and good advice if people make up stories like this fuck you I hope you actually suffer. If you look at my other post it basically contains everything about me and why I want to die. I’m not sure about everything in this sub Reddit but thought it would it would belong here. My mom died of cancer not to long ago and ever since my life has been falling apart. I would have already have killed my self but I don’t think I have the balls. I cut myself. 

I have this counselor I mentioned how I wanted to throw my life away and her tone totally changed when I said that like she was going to call somebody so I was just brushed it off so she was Jack shit for help all my counselor does is talk go “ok..ok..ok” to everything I say and it’s fucking annoying. People are pushing me around at school and have been for the longest time and I don’t know why. 

This one kids life seems like a fucking dream he’s tall dates the hottest girls on like every single sports team and fucking picks on me. Nobody really knows everything going on besides my friends. They just find it awkward and sad to talk about. 

By far the best people I talked to were people here on Reddit. 
I posted on r/death which I highly recommend you read if you want to know more and many kind people responded.

There has been so many people tell me to just cheer up and it will go away in time and they have no fucking idea how painful it is.

I’m a punching bag. A waste of life. I’m just that really short kid. I’m not good at anything and I don’t think I ever will be. 

A person I know at school, kind of like a friend of a friend, tried to kill him self but his mom saved him he had it around his neck. I don’t know if it was true but if it is than I wish I had his balls. I even told my friends this might be the spring break I don’t come back from.

I recommend you read my other post as it has more information on it. So yea please fucking respond 
