Anything else?What's the point? I'm in my late-mid 20s. I've dealt with depression and anxiety all my life.

As a kid, I was a complete loner. It didn't help that I went to 4 different elementary schools in 5 years, as well as two high schools. I never developed social skills. So I never made friends. The school psychologist told my parents I had selective mutism. Looking back, I don't know why or how he didn't go all the way and just said I had anxiety and depression. After high school, I decided to move out of my city for a fresh start. But I dropped out of university after my first year. It didn't help that I made zero friends and locked myself in my single bed dorm room when I was out of class. So I moved back home. Defeated. I didn't tell anyone, not even my family what had happened. This was 8 years ago.

I eventually did go back to school and got a degree. During the next five years, I went to school, gathered courage to go to a meetup group, got an internship, was in a very unsuccessful relationship, and eventually did get a job.

And then, 3 years ago, I hit rock bottom and was 5150'd. But how? It seemed like the past five years I did a lot of good. Maybe from the outside, but inside it wasn't. This is a whole other long story. Let's just say I still felt alone and empty at the end of the day.

The 5150 was the first time I've talked to anyone professionally about my mental health and when I was officially diagnosed. I was on meds for the first time. Zoloft and Risperdal. I stopped when my refills ran out. Things started going south again, so I found a psychiatrist. I told her I didn't want to take the same meds. I was prescribed Lexapro. I didn't like the way meds made me feel. Empty. Lifeless. So I stopped again. Well, surprise. I decided to give it another try. My new psychiatrist started me with Lexapro again, eventually added Wellbutrin XL, and then slowly replaced the Lexapro with Abilify. I was then let go from my job. There goes my insurance. Which also meant the meds stopped. I didn't really care for them though. During this entire time, I was seeing a separate therapist every week. I still had suicidal ideation daily. I just mostly felt emptiness. Still.

I did eventually get a contract job. And my life continued. I was living with my best friend. But he eventually became the only person I interacted with. I guess that's one way to make a friend. Live with a person. They'll be forced to be your friend. I bring this up now because I'm told that he wants to move out at the end of the lease. My job contract also ends around the same time. I used this as an opportunity to make a change in my life. Hopefully positive. I move out of state to an open room at my uncle's. I'm here right now. It's been six months. I have a job. I've been saving money. I even bought my first car. I joined a meetup group as well.

If there is one word to describe how I feel today, it would be nothing. I come home from work empty. After meetups, whatever. I'm not close friends with anyone. I have savings, which is a step up from living paycheck to paycheck. Don't care. I've tried to make positive changes in my life for almost 10 years. It ends the same way. Emptiness and nothing.