When you're truly hopeless.I remember quitting my job, pulling the covers over my head and thinking I just wanted the end to be here soon some months ago.  I thought maybe I'd figure things out, find some purpose and that would be that.  So here I am at the end of that depressive stupor with the realization that I was wrong.  I did everything to box myself in and create a situation that would make it easier for me to end things.  The comedy of life is that I'm so close to the end and I'm having second thoughts...that's common I've read.  It is unfortunately for me near hopeless.  
You read things like, people care, help is there, surely there are people in your life that will help you.  I am one of the rare ones in that there is nobody to help me.  I've largely lived a life of solitude.  I've been generous to people I've met along the way but their trains have passed.  I've even tried to reconnect with a few to no avail.  People really do move on with their lives and good deeds aren't often recalled.  It's in the past as if the past is something never to be revisited.  Such is life I suppose.  I've nobody to turn to.  It's not for lack of trying.
God help me I'm trying to be a man about this, but I'm afraid.  I really am.  The idea of extinguishing life when I've actually come around to wanting to give it another go is tough to swallow.  I'll be evicted soon without a penny to my name and nowhere to go, nobody to turn to, without any help.  Trust me, there's nothing there for me.  It's madness that my life is basically worthless.  It's almost a comedy that the $900 I need to have a roof over my head and try to reenter the world is insurmountable.  It was not so long ago a trivial amount to me but now it's shore that's so far away from me as I drown in the sea.  I see it but I know I won't reach it and I'll succumb to the waters.
I think to the things I did and enjoyed most.  Hiking the Appalachian Trail solo off season by myself....working on a boat in the South Pacific and looking at the stars at night all alone.  The road of solitude that I followed got me to this place.  I now wonder of what use was that road.  Life's mysteries seem to have answers when you're near the end.  The tragedy is that I won't be able to apply them.  
I'm ashamed, I'm afraid and I'm resigned to my demise.  I don't know why I write this.  I know it won't do any good.  Maybe there's a generous soul that can read this, understand it and see that I'm just a lost soul and not a con man or fraud.  I doubt that though.  It's probably that I write this more for me.  Hail Mary's and long shots are all that I seem to have.  We know how those end.
It's a damn shame I've gotten to this point.  I thought I wanted this but now I've second thoughts...they do me no good though.  The walls are collapsing upon me.