What i did to stop myself from commiting suicideA few months ago. I was in a dark place of pain and upset. I felt like no one wants me around them and it hurt to think about it.

I had no idea as to why i wanted to kill myself and why i felt so upset and it frustrated people around me who wanted to help and it made me think my life was worthless. 

I began cutting and as i did it i felt like there was nothing left for me and i just wanted to die. 

In England gun control is strict however i wanted to illegally buy one to kill myself with it. I looked up what i can to to end my life and i found other ways such as hanging and overdose which is one of the things i was planning

I took drugs during this time. Marijuana and Fake Xanax pills. They just made me feel worse and looking back i shouldn’t have done them.

I was scared to express what i wanted to do. I was asked by people why i was sad and i said i don’t know. I isolated myself from my friends and family.

I was drowning in self hatred. I stopped properly eating i barely ate anything during that period. I wanted to suffer.

I was contemplating how i was going to die and when i was going to do it.

I decided that on the 9th of February i was going to end my life by hanging. I had rope in my bag and i had a knife in my bag incase that didn’t work.

I wrote my suicide note on the night before the 9th and I apologised to who i was writing it too. I felt like no one wanted to talk to me. 

I called my mother up the night before telling her and she sounded so upset and i didn’t care because of how preoccupied i was with these suicidal thoughts. 

It was roughly 8:15am and i went to the woods near my school and i tied the knots knowing that I was going to be strangled to death by the force of gravity. 

But then i just looked up one last time how to kill myself and how long it would take and the samaritans number came up on my google page. I looked at it for 5 minutes before calling just thinking if my life is worth it or not to stay alive.

And i remembered that phone call i had with my mum the night before and i couldnt do it. I felt so bad for how my mum felt if i did die. she wouldnt cope without me as my parents arent together and she lives by herself.

I called samaritans saying i wanted to die and they said that things get better and there were people who cared and thats what triggered my change of mind thank goodness they helped me because i wouldnt be here to write this today.

Ive since been diagnosed with anxiety and i am currently on a waiting list for anxiety coping classes.

If you feel upset and suicidal. Believe me there are people out there who care about you, whether that is your parents, other family, friends, teachers and even people who you spoke to once at the local shop to you.

I promise that since finishing school, things have gotten better and if youre in the same position as i was then just wait until you finish school and you will truly understand how much better life is.

Don’t end your life. People love you. Speak to your GP speak to anyone you feel open with.

Thank you for reading