Starving myself to deathOver the last year I've been skipping meals for 1-2 days and my metabolism is now used to it, but this time I'm not giving myself a choice.

I've been depressed for over 2 years now; I'm going to share part of my story with you guys.

I was raised in a South American country in a middle class environment with a few privileges (was part of an exchange program in Europe) and my life was going wonderfully. I moved to the US the summer of 2007 to start College and begin a new segment in my life. I got a student visa and everything was working for me, back then I was ready to use this opportunity and create a great future for myself.

Over the next 2 years I went to college and complete all the basic courses, most of the required optional courses and even some computer science classes (CS was my major). But the fall of 2009 really changed my life completely.

I began losing interest in college and started giving myself more time (too much time) and before the semester was even over I had to drop out of 2 classes, meaning I disobeyed the rules for my visa and I had to file for reinstatement, which I didn't. All this meaning I had to stop assisting college and return to my country.

I never thought I would ever make such stupid decisions in my entire life. This is where the depression began. 

Before continuing I would like to tell you a little bit about my mom (R.I.P.) and how she overcame every obstacle in her life and gave it away so I could have a future.

She was born and raised in the country I come from, in a very male dominant society where women could hardly achieve anything, but she never gave up. She found a way to get a visa to come to America and started exporting US cars, but to do this she went through so many things that every now and then she would tell me about, like having to drive from Chile to Brazil in a car with the windshield being held by duct tape, just incredible things she did to be able to provide me with the best she could get.

Now back to my story.

After getting these news about my visa I was so depressed that I couldn't bear with it, but I did. I thought that I should never let my mom know about this because she didn't really deserve it. Being such a great woman, the best example I have of one by miles, having to deal with my irresponsibility felt like I would backstab her, so instead I lied.

Now, I don't know if you guys know about this feeling, but having to lie to your mom every day about something as big as your future, is one of the worst feelings ever. This is when I began to boycott my own body.

I decided that since I was such a P.O.S. I couldn't possibly waste my mom’s money and live a regular life, so I skipped meals, ate every other day, stopped meeting with my friends and pretty much shut myself in my room so I wouldn't have to use money and increase my pain.

I did this for an entire year. During this year I gained around 20 pounds and lost a lot of muscle mass, my stomach would hurt all the time and I was now used to having a headache 24/7, but this was nothing compared to the pain I would go through every time I talked to my mom. The times I went to visit her (thanksgivings and winter break) I made sure I treated her as a queen, helped her at the office and did all the house chores I had time to, but this barely eased the pain for a few minutes.

This last year, a month before my birthday she started calling me more often than usual, giving me advice and complaining that I didn't call her as often as I should and that I need to talk to her. This was a little weird but she always complained about me not calling her.

During the next week she didn't call me as often and she sounded a little sick, but she told me she had an appointment with a doctor and that I shouldn't worry about her. The weekend after I asked her she was missing from her office. By the time she was found in her house after missing for a day or two, she was in a diabetic coma, and most of her organs were barely functioning.

Needless to say, she passed away within 24 hours. Part of me was and is still happy that I was able to make her happy and proud of me, even if everything was a lie. But not being able to be honest with her still haunts me to this day, and I can't deal with it anymore.

Now that I'm pretty much broke, and about to get kicked out of my apartment, I've decided to starve myself and stop giving more people troubles.

I've been a redditor for almost a year and I've had a lot of fun in this site. Thanks for being a great community reddit.

Edit: Grammar and spelling.