Long post no one will read but that's ok!Sorry, I do not know where to begin so I am just going to rant slightly: 

All I do is Survive:

First, off I am old as far as the internet is concerned. I lived my life in seclusion and mostly alone. However, it is not by choice. I have tried many times to make friends both in real life or online with both options failing miserably. I will go over this later. I simply continue living for whatever reason most likely because I always feel too weak-willed to actually commit suicide.  So to start, I do not do anything I just go through the motions. I wake up, brush my teeth, take a shower, go to work, work out during my lunch break (to pretend I have any self worth), go home at 1600, distract myself from the crushing realization that I am alone, eat dinner, continue distracting myself, try not to cry or cut myself, do it anyway sometimes (I am good at hiding it in my old age so at least no one will ever see it anyway.) go to sleep and repeat. Basically this is my weekdays, on weekends it's the same minus the work and occasionally I go practice fencing/kendo but it seems recently all my fellow fighters refuse to spar me or are trying to distance themselves from me. So back to the friends thing, I have tried many times to go to bars, Social gatherings, comic shops, conventions, etc. but I am too socially awkward I suppose. Most people my age have all the friends they want it seems and the younger people think I'm just that weird guy (at least that's my assumption). I turned to online games thinking other people who are borderline Hikikomori, like me, would be more understanding and want to talk and be friends. I was of course wrong, I am fairly good at videogames I guess I just have a lot of practice but it seems people don't want to be friends at all just play the game. That's cool tho i thought wrong I suppose. Occasionally I do however in real life find someone who wants to be friends with me, whether their motives are pure or not or they want to use me for money or something I do not know. Perhaps they just pity me, in any case those are the moments when I am happy, they want to spend a lot of time with me and I hang out as much as possible but then something always goes wrong. Either they get what they were after or they just start ghosting me out of nowhere. I am unsure why this happens, but every time it does, I feel a little deader inside. 

In any case, I am not an attractive person by a lot of peoples standards, and when I do find someone to share a relationship with they have cheated on me or used me for financial support only. I suppose most of my problems stem from being alone. No friends, no nearby family, no pets, just the void. In the end I go through the motions of living, and all that I do is survive.

//end rant//

edit: Removed bottom part... for reasons...