Am I selfish for wanting to kill myself?I mean I'm a believer in people can get better. But for some of us, the torture seems never ending. I've been suicidal since I was 13, anorexic since I was 10, depressed and anxiety ridden since I was 11 (officially) and recently diagnosed with BPD. I spent a lot of years being picked on by a kid who hated me and used to physically abuse me. I've attempted suicide twice and failed both times.
I've done counselling, I've tried meds, I've done all the self care tips, went to college, made friends, have the most loving boyfriend and yet I still want nothing more than to just die.

I feel like they're all there for me only out of pity and they're scared of how it'll look for them. I mean I do think they genuinely care in some aspects but we humans are naturally selfish.
I've lost a cousin and a friend to suicide, early 20's and 16. I had a major crush of mine spiral with depression and blamed me for his suicide attempt when I just tried to help.

My dad lived in another country to support me and my mom by sending money home. She also suffers from BPD. She was emotionally abusive and negligent to me. I would be left at home for 12+ hours from when I was 10+ while she was at work (she would go early to avoid being around me). Some days I'd maybe see her for an hour or two a day where she would just blame me for everything wrong and abuse me. I'm an only child so I'm used to being completely alone.

A lot of my coping is self harming, isolation and lashing out to try push people away. My BPD has really been taking its toll on me and nothing helps. I went to a sucide crisis place for a few months but nothing changed.

I feel like everyone would be better off without me. My boyfriend wouldn't be shouted at and ignored for days a time due to my mood swings; my friends wouldn't even miss me cos I see only some of them during college and have streaks on Snapchat with the rest. My dad wouldn't have to support me alone like he does, paying for all my bills and food and college because I can't find a job. My mam would get her wish of never having to deal with me because "I ruined her life the day I was born".
I feel like I'd be doing them all a favour if I just manned up and finally ended it once and for all instead of relapsing after relapsing.

Some people say I'm selfish because I don't want this life anymore, am I really though?