If I dont want to be locked up and medicated, what else can I do besides suicide?**Been depressed for nearly 10 years. Tried everything, I give up, I'm going to die. Dont know what else to do, all thats out there are psych drug pushers and people threatening to lock me up, is there anything im missing?**

I am 22. Depressed since 14 after divorce/drinking/failing school. At that time i was hospitalized for 6 weeks for getting drunk and threatening to hang myself. Depressed ever since, never had a friend. Isolated, alone and zero self esteem my whole life. 

End of 2018, I for the first time opened up to my family about how bad I felt, everything except being suicidal. They encouraged me to move home. Unemployed, hated being home, no friends, I got even worse. I paid thousands to see a therapist, i got a temp job, i quit drinking (not that it was ever a major issue) i did an out patient program for 6 weeks, i tried two antidepressants, i exercised, ate better, self help books, fucking everything. Sertraline after 4 days gave me such horrible reaction, I begun to hear my thoughts at night (hypnagogia). Wellbutrin gave me tinnitus. Both symptoms are still here after stopping all drugs. My doctor doesnt give a shit about me and wanted me to take more and try new ones by just spinning a wheel and picking random drugs to toy with my sensitive nervous system.

I got accepted to a college program for september, I got a summer job i started this week. In an eight hour shift, you work 1 hour and the rest of the time even the boss just smokes and makes stupid jokes (government job). I see some family on weekends, but other than that Im alone every night in a cottage in the woods, i have no friends. 

I am fucking depressed. I despise who i am in every way and i always have and i hate breathing air. Im losing my mind and i cant handle being alone. Theres only one therapist in a 1.5hour radius and i tried her this week and she kind of sucks already, doesnt listen and just wants me to take drugs and almost hospitalized me. 

Everything feels so fucking pointless, I dont give a shit about anything. I cant connect to anyone, i am totally hopeless about my future. I dont understand why people live, why people have kids, why people work. I honestly feel like barely anyone is happy, people are just trapped to their biology and force themselves to live. I am stupid, im going to keep working manual labour crummy jobs my whole life and be alone forever and always feel as much shame, guilt and self hatred as a man can feel. I am sicking of breaking my back in the cold, just to barely skimp by in this overpriced gouging economy, just to barely have an hour to myself before going to bed to wake up to my pointless boring stupid fucking job. Why am I doing any of this. I dont want to be alive. In fact, literally the only thing that has been keeping me alive for the past year is that i dont want to destroy my family. 

So what the fuck do I do, seriously. I need big change. I cant talk to anyone because my shotgun will be taken, ill be locked up, lose my job, shamed by everyone, miss college and forcefully injected with drugs. Even if i could talk to anyone, all anyone wants to do is put everyone on drugs and if you are against it, youre treated as though youre delusional and "rejecting treatment". So i give up. 

Really  I don't want to destroy my family but I never wanted to be here. Its not my fucking fault that they get hurt because i never wanted to be here. At least they can know i tried. At least i have 22 years of good times with them. They are the only thing I care about, the only thing that feels real. Yet we dont even get along anymore, they think im better and we dont talk about personal stuff. So this is all going to come as a shock still. Ive taken care of my affairs. I have a spot picked out, i know exactly how to aim my shotgun, and ill be drunk when when i do it, with my phone at home. My dad amd his gf are here for the weekend, after thats its time to fill this disgusting brain with lead.