I have thoughts of committing suicide lately 

Hello guys

I wish to you a very good day. So I would like to tell a bit about me.

I'm a guy who has 23 years old, And I'm Agnostic. And I live in a strictly Middle Eastern Islamic country.

I used to believe in religion but now I don't because all the violence which I figured out in it

I'm hiding my disbelieve in the religion for my own safety. My life will be threatened if my agnosticism revealed. I could be 'infidel' in the eyes of the religious people.

I was always dreaming of living in a place which I can confess that I'm Agnostic and living in peace without getting my life threatened.

I wanted to have a partner and children who I can bring them up on my beliefs

I don't like to date the girls of this country because the majority of them are Muslims

Anyway it's prohibited and unallowed for the girls of this country to meet or talk with a guy

So here's what happened. I met a girl who is a foreigner she is a Muslim but she is very modern and has the characteristics of the girl which I have always dreamt of them.

We started to talk she was interested in me as a lover and so I am in the beginning

As days go by. I attached to her so much!. I liked her personality!. And I wanted to marry her!.

After we met several times and talk to each other she started to not be interested in me as a lover anymore but only a friend. But my interest in her as a lover was remaining. I didn't know that she started to see me only as a friend.

Our meetings remained. And one day I found out that she has a fiance. I was totally in shock. How could she has a one while she is with me?. I confronted her of that and she said that's nothing of your business you are only my friend.

At this moment I figured out that she was seeing me only as a friend which puts in a severe depression and makes me look down to myself because she chose him instead of me. The world got so dark and abandoned in my eyes. And I felt that everything is tight on me. Because the girl of my dreams falls in the arms of another man.

I started to have thoughts of committing suicide and telling to myself this is enough of living this life. Thoughts have come to my mind mentioning to me that I will never get out of this place and I will never get a partner Just end your life

Please, guys, I would like to hear your advice.

Thank you for reading!