I got close tonight.I’ve always thought Im an over-reacting drama queen. I’m an extremely passionate person, emotional and seen as the strong, independent one of my friends, family, peers. Truth is I’m not. My emotions are heavy, being strong is a facade to either keep people away or avoid being hurt. 

I lost my dad at a young age, close friends, both my grandfathers, and my step-dad very recently. I had an abortion last year, a guy I thought would never be able to hurt me, left me to do it on my own. I didn’t have a great upbringing, which is why everyone thinks I’ve overcome and really ‘blossomed’. So I have to keep up the act, right? 
I can’t anymore... I know when I’m spiraling out of control, I know when I need to reign in my emotions, but I physically can’t, despite wishing I could with every fibre of my being. I hate myself, my personality and my appearance. I wish I could change to become someone people would like. 

This time around it was a boy (cliche, I know)
He went from being the only person that called me beautiful, to wanting space.. my own doing, I pushed him away. 
I didn’t want to die because a boy rejected me, I’m not completely delusional.. I’m just a bit broken and unable to ask for help. I know about the helplines, and the counselling at work.. and reaching out to friends etc. But I don’t want to seem dramatic. Im wired to fix my own problems and worry about everyone else’s. It’s embarrassing being weak. 

I got so close tonight, it’s like something possessed my hand towards the blade. I ripped myself away thankfully. I’m scared, it was so strong for a second there. My little 7 yo brother, and the devastation it would cause my mother after losing her husband so recently, is the only thing that pulled me back. 

I don’t really know why I’m posting here - I like freedom and honesty with myself that comes from anonymity. Tomorrow I’ll wake up, and will go back to the strong front, I’ll probably be embarrassed by this post too... I need to do something about my life.