I can't keep fighting anymore...It's official, I'm fully broken. My life has just been one failure after another, a constant downward spiral to the point that I am now, my absolute lowest.

I guess I might as well tell my story, one last time, for anyone that cares. I doubt anyone will, but fuck it, I feel like I need to leave something behind.

I started cutting when I was sixteen, usually in response to "feminine" thoughts I would have that I knew were wrong, were not thoughts a boy was supposed to be having. Ever since I can remember I've always wished I was born a girl and I always knew that was wrong, that that could never be and I was just being a foolish child dreaming about it day in and day out.

Fast forward to me being 19. I joined the Army because I had too, my father kicked me out of his house because I had no job and I wasn't in school, thus, useless. I did ok, for a while, after AIT (job training) I went to Korea and spent a year there. I drank to excess every single night and would stand in front of the mirror punching myself as hard as I could because I hated what I saw, still do.

After I turned 21 in Korea I started buying liquor and beer on base and feeding it to my underage friends. We had parties every night in someones room, sometimes mine, sometimes someone else's. Well, on this particular night it was my buddies. There was this girl   that always blacked out, like every single night. One of us would take her back to her room and return to continue drinking, this night that responsibility fell to me. I got her out and down the hallway before realizing I had no idea where she lived. Rather than going back and asking, I took her to my room, I figured I'd let her seep it off and she'd go home in the morning.

After letting her puke a few times, holding her hair back during, she climbed into my bed. At this point I can only remember feelings, not thoughts, but yeah. I asked her lightly if she wanted to do it, she was too far gone to give me a proper response (just a grunt/moan) so I proceeded anyway. 

The only reason I didn't go completely through with it and rape her that night was that she had a tampon in and for some reason that stopped me, snapped a little sense back into me and I got up and left. I didn't go home that night, or for the next two nights. I slept in my buddies room too scared to reenter my own room. 

The rest of my tour in Korea I spent drinking all the time and self harming consistently.

After Korea I was sent to Ft. Bragg, NC. I was already out of shape because of almost never needing to work out in Korea (we worked 12 hour shifts 3 days on 3 days off and our sgt's basically didn't bother trying to make us do pt until it was obvious we were all failing the test) so I was immediately gotten on for that. Day in and day out I was told how useless, fat and pathetic I was. With that record already playing on repeat inside my own brain, it only got reinforced over and over again until, finally, I'd had enough. We were supposed to be deploying to Afghanistan and I was not getting any better. I decided that for the safety and betterment of the people in my unit I would kill myself now before we deployed so they didn't have to deal with the shit hole that is me.

I took a fuck ton of ibuprofen and musscle relaxers... and failed. I forgot to lock my door as I was doing it during lunch (it's when I finally broke) and my Sgt. came in to see me lying on my bed with empty pill bottles everywhere. Instead of sending me to the hospital though, he made me get up and start doing pushups all the way to the company because I was late coming back from lunch. I didn't make it more than a quarter mile at BEST before the pills took over and I collapsed, puking and shaking. Only then did they finally call an ambulance.

I was given a full honorable discharge, I had no mental illness diagnosis before I had entered the military so the doctors put it all on the Army. I didn't care, I was just biding my time until I could do it again.

Just a few months later, about a month after I got out of the Army, I tried again, and failed again. It seems I have a knack for getting caught.

Now here I sit, 27 almost 28, a trans woman ugly as anything you can imagine, overweight, scar ridden and diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and BPD. I can't hold down a job, I can't even get out of bed for most of this past week because I have zero energy. I don't care anymore and I'm ready to leave this world behind, make it a better place in my absence.

I've done 9 inpatient hospitalizations, 1 intensive outpatient program and 1 residential program, all of which helped in the moment but not much longer than that. I cannot stand the idea of going back to the hospital for a 10th fucking time so I'm not going to. I've done a no call no show on my job the last two days so clearly I don't have a job anymore, I'm living in an apartment under my fathers dollar and he is not one to let me forget that. 

Every friend I have reached out to has ignored me so fuck it, they don't care and I don't care. 


I'm not even sure why I'm posting this, I guess I just wanted something to do to help psych me up into doing this, I'm really not sure. I dunno, I don't expect any replies,, this was rather long. Have a nice night/day/whatever folks.