Tired.I don't cry and I don't scream. Close family has died and I didn't cry. Yet, I have been for the past hour. No one has ever seen me angry. The only thing I want is to throw everything in my apartment away, to destroy everything. But it wouldn't be wise, so I just imagine myself doing it, the images being mixed with images of me killing myself in various ways.

Sorry if that post doesn't make sense, there's no one I feel I can talk to in real life. I have friends, I have many people who confessed to me I was their best friend and they could tell me everything. I've been playing therapist for people for years. But when it comes to what *I* tell to others, the flow of information isn't as numerous. They don't know any of any feelings I have beyond opinions on meaningless (in the grand scheme of things) things like politics, music, sports, trends, etc. I have tons of deep conversations, but none that involves talking in depth about myself. I don't trust them, I don't trust my remaining parent either, even though I know they wouldn't betray me. You never know, until it's too late. For these reasons, they would probably be blindsided if I did eventually kill myself, everyone would be.


Anywho. I've always been an excellent student and have only been in great schools and exclusive programs. I don't have trouble making friends even though I'm not the "happy go lucky" friend. I'pm the friend that'll tell you what's what and people seem to like that about me. Honesty and giving good advice. I don't have financial problems, I work whenever school allows me to. I've been in college for a few years and will soon head to one of the best universities in the world (top 5) to pursue my studies. I'm thin and athletic. I have various hobbies. I'm president of a student association. I'm a girl. Early twenties.


I'm not saying this all to brag, but to clarify that I'm a productive member of society now and will more likely than not go on to have a great career once I am done with my studies (if I don't die before, of course). The only grey cloud in the picture is that I've never dated in my life I suppose. I'm used to girl friends being hit on when we go out, I'm used to being the only girl who has never been harassed in the street (though it's a good thing, it's obvious a part of them feels sorry for me even though they complain about this type of unwanted all the time). Yet women and gay men insist on complimenting my looks and as stupid as it sounds to say, it hurts me every time. I don't ask for compliments and it just feels like they are lying to make themselves feel better. It feels like they enjoy being better looking than me and only compliment me to "put me in my placeé so to speak, because they know full well I'm the one person who has nothing to say when it comes to romance. I've heard all the platitudes like "well in *my* reality, you are  pretty". I've heard and listened to advice about behaviour, fashion, etc. But people just won't stop with the "you're so pretty" and "I bet you in six months you'll have a boyfriend", when I only ask to be left alone regarding this subect because it's painfully obvious they are lying. And it's worse than if they told the truth because they know unattractiveness is something women cannot beat. Personality and brains or even wealth aren't a woman's main assets, looks are. And for all my accomplishments, I've failed from the start by not having the right looks. If they thought otherwise, they wouldn't be so unwilling to admit that my face is undesirable.
There are also thoughts related to my race, but I think I'm still too inhibited to talk about that aspect, even to anonymous masses.


I do all these things (good job, great grades, etc) because they provide a (temporary) goal/intellectual challenge and because it would be a waste if I didn't use the brain I've been given. It would also suck for my parents. They did nothing wrong, it's just me who's messed up. 


It's not the first time I've thought about ending it all. It's been the case since back in elementary school. Sounds messed up to type, but it's true. I'd injure myself in ways that could be plausibly explained away because blood loss calmed me in moments where I knew I were this close to doing it for good. Other times, I started small fires in my room, carefully avoiding any spread and propoerty loss. I've always wanted to scream but, like destroying everything, it's not a possibility. Still, it's the first time I feel the need to speak to someone about why I feel this way. I usually manage to tell myself to just get over it, and I do until next time. First time I really want to type what it is exactly I feel. I wish I didn't feel like shit even people look up to me and tell me they wish they were as smart or funny or interesting or talented or fit as me. I wish everytime I take the subway I didn't seriously consider jumping. I wish I didn't feel like I was a failure as a woman because for all my other qualities, I'm not attractive even though others keep telling otherwise. Plenty of people have grown in terrible circumstances, or have been what many consider to be failures. I have no logical reason to want to off myself so bad, they do. Yet...


Sorry for ranting, and sorry if it doesn't make sense. English is my third language. And thanks for reading. For the mods, feel free to delete this if it breaks any rules.