I really need some help, please.I just need to know that someone knows my story and that I'm not crazy. I want to know that things will get better, but I don't. They haven't. No matter how hard I try, I just keep getting kicked down over and over again.

My background is the perfect storm. My mother was a stripper, alcoholic, meth user who neglected my brother and I. She's fucking insane and so is the rest of my family. They are almost all mentally ill and it's a mess. People constantly hurting each other and fighting. I grew up with my mother, brother, and different guys she dated/married. We constantly were sent home from school with head lice. Animal feces and maggots everywhere when she and my step dead were on meth (for years). When I was 13, he was taken to prison and my mom quit meth and drinking. I was very depressed. We moved to be closer to my aunts and she split from my step dad after he got out of prison. I started high school and also started making myself throw up. I was constantly depressed and bulimic for years. I finally got help for it when I was a junior in high school through a teacher. 

Moved out when I was 18 because of the shitty home situation -- mom was off alcohol and meth, but she was still crazy, hateful, and neglectful. So many traumatic things from my childhood. I got a lot of financial aid/loans and went to college about an hour away from home after a year of living on my own. My mood swings and depression were awful -- I only got through them with the help of my boyfriend, but I broke up with him shortly after my sophomore year in college when I moved away. I had a lot of unsafe, casual sex and blew my money. My depression got worse than it ever had been and I came close to killing myself, but my roommates noticed something was up and took me to a mental hospital. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder there and put on a cocktail of meds. 

I moved home (despite counselor and psychiatrist not wanting me to because it was such a terrible environment, but I was out of money and couldn't stay at school). I commuted for the rest of the semester and got a job as an aide and a daycare teacher at a private school. I basically started working full time after school was out at the private school. Met some guy who lived where I went to school and would visit him on the weekends because it was only an hour away. I was doing well on my meds, keeping up with work, my family said I was like a different person. Then one weekend I got fucked up on shrooms with him because they were supposed to "make me better" and "open my mind" and ended up being brutally raped by multiple strangers and picked up by the police after, given a public intoxication charge. I was severely depressed and embarrassed. My whole family found out and so did my friends because the city posts mugshots on Twitter and people shared mine. I was extremely depressed and suicidal, so I was forced back into the hospital by my psychiatrist to "stabilize". It was a shitty hospital and didn't help at all. When I got out, my psych just put me back on meds and I started seeing a counselor consistently. The detective working on my rape case got my public intox charges dropped, but the damage is done -- my mugshot was still shared and is still on the internet to this day when you Google my name. This was all last June, so a little over a year ago. I was absolutely miserable -- night terrors, nightmares, crying spells. I would wake up and cry, go to work, go home for two hours for a break and cry, go back to work, and then drive home and cry myself to sleep. I lost all of my friends and my family was disgusted with me. My mom and brother would scream at me to shut up when I was crying. My uncle, step dad, and real dad all told me it was my fault that I got raped and it wouldn't have happened if I weren't fucked up. I did this all summer until I went back to school in the fall. I was put into an apartment I couldn't afford with random roommates because my family pressured me into it and its all my credit would allow. Despite that, I tried and tried to make it work. I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder and dropped by my counselor because she said she couldn't help me. I ended up getting raped AGAIN by someone I knew that September. I didn't turn him into the police. I don't know why. I did go to the apartment complex and got out of my lease because he lived in the same complex as me, but they charged me $400 in fees which I still am not able to pay.

I had to move in with a random girl I found on a social college app so I had somewhere to stay while I finished the next semester of school this January-May. I kept up with the reckless spending and casual sex, but I started doing what I was supposed to in January. I was taking my meds consistently, but my psych 2overmedicated me. I was on 600mg of Trileptal twice daily, 20mg of Lexapro, 150mg of Welbutrin. I was also off and on Sonata, Minipres, and Remeron. Xanax and Seroquel were also added. I started having panic attacks and my nightmares and night terrors continued. I started HALLUCINATING from being overmedicated. I would see imaginary people when I would pass things. I started hearing random words and things in my head at work. I got sent home from work a lot and missed a lot of days because my mental state was so bad. I would sit in the corner of my apartment with my back to the wall, rocking back and forth and holding my head because I was so afraid of the hallucinations. I had to quit my job, stopped my meds, and move back home after the semester ended this May.

I am now living with my ex step dad and brother. They are totally unsupportive and think I am faking symptoms. They don't believe in mental illness. "You're depressed? SO WHAT? I'm depressed, your mom is depressed, your brother is depressed. You have done this all to yourself. Get over it." I have been out of work and I am in about $1500 in debt, which needs to be immediately taken care of.

I am getting financial aid at the end of August -- enough to pay off my debt and to get me into an apartment, but my debts need to be settled now. I have people calling me. They are going to ruin my credit because of it and it's already ruined -- it's like 450 or something.  I was able to sign a lease for the fall to go back to school. I will be living with random roommates again, but it's individual leases and I can afford it with my financial aid. I have been out of work but finally got a job a few weeks ago. The thing is that I don't get my first paycheck until next Friday and I need money now. They are going to turn off my phone because I am months behind. If I don't pay off the apartment complex where I was raped, they said they will put it on my credit. I also need $175 more by August 14th because thats my move in day and thats the deposit that needs to be paid for me to move in. I am not going to have it all, though. I have no help from family and my friends cannot help and are sick of hearing about how depressed I am. I tried hanging myself a few weeks ago, but I failed. 

I do not want to die. I graduate in two and a half years (I am a year and a half behind) but that will put me in even more debt. I am on no medication and have no counselor. I have no money at all to get the medical help I need or to pay these debts off. I think the only solution is to kill myself, but I don't want to. I don't know what else to do. I am so sad. I can't even get the hours I need at work and even if I do, it isn't in time.

I still have nightmares and night terrors. I have not had therapy for being raped either time. I have nobody to talk to. I am alone.