Feel like my life is damaged beyond repairI 21\[F\] feel like my life is beyond repair. I used to be so liberated and free and happy. 2 years ago I was dumped my boyfriend who I loved more than anything. After that I went on a downwards spiral of trying to find love to fill the gap, I have slept with 4 men since then and I was raped by one. I have also sent nudes to most of these men, all on snapchat and I doubt any of them were saved. However I still feel so dirty and ashamed. I don't know why I had to send nudes to people or why I had to sleep with them, I feel like such a slut. Everyone in my life thinks I am so amazing and smart and I just think I am so messed up and that I am damaged goods. I am in a good school program and I am at the top of my class. I even received one of the best internships for my class. Everything looks good on the outside, but I wish I had just been more focused on myself than looking for male validation. 

I decided to take a break from dating, however a romance quickly formed between me and my best friend. I really didn't feel ready to dive back into a relationship. However, I am starting to fall in love with him and I haven't felt this way in years. I don't think he deserves someone as messed up as me. I have explained pretty much everything above to him and he still thinks I am an amazing person, who made mistakes but I just cannot accept that someone could really love me. I feel like he would be so much better off with someone who wasn't so messed up and everyone would just be better off without me if I was dead. I'm worried he will leave me and the next guy I meet will think I'm a slut. I want to be married and have kids someday and love them like no one ever could but I just feel like no one will ever be able accept the mess that I am. I know it looks bad when a girl has had so many lovers and it reflects I cannot keep a relationship. I never thought that when I was out sleeping around that it would ever catch up to me and bother me. I have been trying to take action by going to therapy and getting medication, but I just cannot get over my past. My current boyfriend has been helping me through this but I still just feel so ashamed of everything.