Perhaps a test? I have paracord, several knives, and easy access to a big river with lots of big rocks. There's even a water tower, or something like that, jutting right out into a fairly deep section - certainly deep enough to drown in. 

I just want the surety I used to have back, fueled by a cocktail of badass inspirations, epic music, self-assurance and rage. The notion that this is my life, and it's outcome is determined by me: a unique and capable individual. That willpower alone will see me through. The hatred I've felt towards myself for so long used to be at least semi-constructive. I knew my potential was unlimited, that it was a lack of... of something, I don't know what, that condemned me to this rut I'm still in. Not some inherent, unfixable defect. Now it's lethargy. Why do I even bother, when I have failed so many times? What's different? These are the unwelcome thoughts always lurking in my brain. I was broken; I just had to put myself back together. Now I feel whole, but useless; a cruel joke, filler for the people who actually do stuff that matters. 

I want that faith back. That anyone is capable of anything if they just try hard enough. Chronic failure and exposure to a world that's even worse than I had imagined it to be has stripped that from me. I'm not beyond saving yet; I still believe that to be a valid point of view... just one I *no longer possess.* I've seen people who have lost all hope and defiance, who no longer see any point in living, or caring, or fighting. I need it back, desperately, before I lose sight of it forever. It's just out of reach, so close I can almost taste it. 

Anyways, the plan. Tie a couple rocks, big ones, about my waist and ankles. Jump, shuffle or something off the pier. If I die, so be it: I die with dignity, in a final act of defiance. If I live, maybe I can recover that spark for just long enough, nourish and protect it till it's a roaring fire again. 

edit: Maybe suicidewatch was not the best spot for this, as I want to revitalize my life, not end it? Sorry.. 