I'm consciously preparing for suicide, and it terrifies meAt this point, I really don't know what to do. I know my troubles are tiny and insignificant when weighed against the lives of others, but from my perspective they are quite bad. I really don't want to make this sound like needless angsty whining, but it may come out that way. 

I had a job working for a major US ISP for 4 years. During that time, I was miserable. Every day, I would ride into work thinking to myself 'If I cross into the opposing lane, no one would know it was intentional. It would be a tragic accident.' I got placed on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medications during the last year there, and that kept me going for a while. 

I thought once I got out, got a new job that I would be happy. I had been miserable since the second year of working, and it only got worse over time, so I assumed it was the job. 2 years ago, I made a transition to a fantastic US based manufacturer and moved into their technical support department. A job I was familiar with, better pay, better benefits, and I got to work from home. The only problem was the hours I worked put me at odds with my wife and children, as I was hardly ever able to see them on the days I worked, even when working from home. 

My marriage quickly soured. My wife and I stopped talking to each other, stop having sex, stopped going on dates. We basically became roommates. I tried getting into some of her hobbies, and in turn, she tried getting into mine. We went shooting, I bought her a motorcycle of her own, and everything seemed to get a little bit better for 2-3 months. 

Then, it got bad again. She stopped doing anything, let our house fall to shambles, forcing me to not only work 12 hours a day, but also cook and clean. Shortly after that, I found out she was cheating on me, and she stated she was divorcing me. She left, took the kids, the car and her motorcycle. I got stuck with a house payment I can't afford, no car, and now I get to see my kids 2 days out of the month. 

To top this all off, my job has gone to shit. The fantastic company that I had grown to love is now treating their employees like shit. They're doing their best to minimize expenditures and maximize how much money they can save by understaffing us to the point where we can barely keep up and I fear I may lose this job soon. 

I can't hold it together anymore. I'm so far behind on bills it's not even funny. I'm going to lose my house, my bike and probably my job. I can't see a way out. I've been consciously and subconsciously preparing myself for what I feel is inevitable. I hooked up with a girl shortly after the divorce and she seemed amazing. So nice, pretty and amazing, but I couldn't maintain a relationship. I felt like I would just end up bringing her down with me on my descent, so I pushed her away. I've severed ties with multiple friends as well. Stopped returning calls, texts, stopped going out. 

I've recorded messages for my children in the event of my death. Telling them how much I love them, my hopes and dreams for them, whatever wisdom I can impart, however flawed it may be. I keep a notebook on my desk of all my accounts and passwords, so that if I die, my family can access everything they need. 

I have a motorcycle, and I have a pistol. I've thought about several ways that I could go out. If I kill myself on my bike, my children will get both my life insurance policy and my accidental death policy. They would be set for quite a while. 

I've also thought about just shooting myself. It seems the most painless way to go. I have a spot in the forest near a very peaceful waterfall that I like to go to clear my head. I may not be found for a while if I do it there, but there would barely be any cleanup required. I wouldn't need to inconvenience anyone with picking up body parts off the side of the road.

All of what I'm thinking terrifies me. I've thought about getting help, but if I seek help... The US mental care system is useless and punitive. I'll lose my job, probably lose access to my children altogether, and then be unable to get another good job. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. I'm in a catch 22 and I really don't know how to get out. 

Maybe venting has helped, maybe not.. Not even sure why I typed all of this out. Maybe I just wanted someone to know.  