I explode on people and then cry about it laterIt's happened so many times now. My perception of the world is so negative and fucked up, but that's the only reason I'm able to go so long without thinking about killing myself. I'm so alone, but I push everyone away from me. I'm too prideful to tell my campus counselor what's really hurting me. All I do is get into fights and cry about hurting people. My psychology isn't right, I'm almost an adult and I still have imaginary friends and voices.

I remember writing my first suicide note when I was around 10 years old; my mother read it and told me that if I killed myself she would go crazy and commit mass homicide. My patterns are so obvious, but when it comes to it I always forget. When things don't go my way, I become destructive, I start breaking shit; yet I know inside I'm only doing it to hurt myself. I'm too much of a pussy to hurt myself. I'm always told that to become a man, and to never cry. I'm always so kind to my family members, but they always treat me like shit, ignore me, scream at me, threaten to kill themselves. I was pissed off today, my sister always gives me attitude, and I always tell her kindly "I don't like your attitude... I don't like the way you are talking to me," and then she has the audacity to tell me I'm an annoying fuck.

 Today I had a nosebleed, so I rushed to bathroom, but my sister was in there using the sink. I yelled to let me in for a second, and she kept telling me to fuck off and wouldn't unlock the door. I told her to just let me in, and then she ignored me. I can't handle being disrespected, so I smashed the fucking door down by kneeing it multiple times. After that I just sat down in my room bleeding, I heard my family rush upstairs screaming threats to take away the only things I find enjoyment in life, yet I felt so good after smashing the door and looking at my mangled leg. I'm too afraid to intentionally cut myself, so I play with sharp balisong knives, break shit with my body, get into amateur boxing matches, etc. I'm just too fed up with my life. My family is lower class so I'm sure I won't be able to afford a therapy, as my parents don't even believe depression is a real thing. The little money we have is going to my sister's college, and I know for sure I won't be able to go to college. My future is so shit, financial crisis is biting my ass every single corner. I'm becoming an adult soon, but I have no plans to grow up straight. I wouldn't care if I was an alcoholic, or a crackhead. My only enjoyment is going to the boxing gym to relieve my anger, and playing on my pc. They took away my gym membership, and they shattered my monitor. I want to just end it all at this point. My entire life is just pain, from when I was a kid and my uncle would touch my penis, to my sister and mother's constant harassment, neglect, and the only person I love, my father, is suffering from heart problems but continues to smoke a pack a day. Once he goes, I suppose my time is up as well.

I don't care if anyone reads this. Writing shit down always eases my mind. 