Confused. Just need to talk to anybody, nobody's here for me right now. Here's my story. (long)So, here it is. I am 16 years old, and I have struggled with depression for the past 3 years. Last year was the first time where I opened up and told my parents how I was feeling, and they made me see a therapist. I did that for about a month, and then I said that the therapist wasn't helping very much and that I would rather deal with it myself and let my parents save their money. Now, keep in mind that this was around march last year, and high school was almost over for the year. My depression always affects me the most during the school year, and during summer I am usually left to myself to do whatever. I actually held down a job last summer as a painter, and I worked full time and made good money so it kept my mind off of things at least for awhile...

Then, of course as always school started again and all I had to keep me going was hockey. I'm not a good player, I didn't even make JV this year for my high school, and it was just a fun thing to do that kept my mind off things. But, my depression still hung over me, and it affected my grades and my relationships with my friends. Then, another development in my treatment was in late december when I began taking Citalopram (Celexa). I noticed that it was helping with my depression, and during that time I made some friends and they introduced me to smoking weed.

I'm not a stoner, I wan't to be clear about that. When I smoked at first, it was so that I could have a good time with friends. Then, gradually, it developed into me smoking so that I could feel better when I was down, and it was really nice. But, along with my new friends came my friend's sister (and my current girlfriend). Her brother, who we'll call Nate, was into all sorts of drugs. He smoked pot for the first time in 7th grade, tried cocaine in 8th and says he would keep doing coke if he could afford it, got caught with posession of marijuana at our school in 9th grade, and this year at our school homecoming dance he was taken into police custody because he was high on spice. How is this relevant to me, you might ask? Well, what his sister said to me was "I've seen so many peoples lives get fucked up, so many people get hurt by drugs, if I'm going to go out with you I want you to stop smoking, for me."

And of course, I did. I stopped smoking for her, I stopped doing the one thing that could give me fast results when I was down for her. And then after about a month things were getting serious between us, and we found out that my Citalopram was giving me erectile disfunction. So I stopped taking that, and scheduled a doctors appointment.

After about 2 weeks, I got into a doctors office and got a new type of medication, Effexor. It was really helping, but after a few days I had to go and see a psychiatrist because my doctor who prescribed it reccommended that I see a specialist. They changed my medication to Welbutrin, which so far sucks dick and doesn't help with anything.

But, good people who are still reading, that's not why I'm upset today. I'm upset because today, after my girlfriend was done babysitting and she told me that she'd made $80 so far, I said that she should make sure that her brother can't get ahold of it (He's stolen $150 from her safe before).

I said I wouldn't put it past him to steal it, and that he lied to her often and was a dick to her in general. She said "He's not a Dick, were like thebest brothers and sisters ever. What does he lie about"

To which I replied that I didn't want to be the bad guy, and she said to say it anyway. Well last saturday I went to a basketball game with her and we gave her brother a ride, since he was going too. On the way, we went to a gas station and he tried to buy robitussin without her seeing, because he knows she hates it when she does it. But of course, she caught him and threw a fit and started crying and asked why he did that to himself and threatened to tell her parents. So obviously she either was, or wanted to appear, mad about him getting high off cough syrup.

Somewhat unrelated, but the next day they got in a fight and she told her parents that nate drank cough syrup, and her parents were going to get a divorce because of how fucked up their family was. Her dad literally left for two hours and they had no clue where he was during that time. 

Then, earlier this week I saw him at a gas station during lunch buying cough syrup again. After he promised his sister he wouldn't. And, here's the kicker, on friday I gave them a ride home and his sister asked when the last time he bought cough syrup was and he said "when I was with you". Which was total bullshit, but I didn't say anything. So, then today when she asked what he lied about I told her that he's a dick to her because he tells her what to do- and she always says she hates being told what to do-, he lied about him buying cough syrup, that he wasn't really done and that he lied straight to her face. This is what she said. Direct Quote.

"I do, [hate being told what to do] but its different if its my family. And yeah, because he's trying to protect me."

So then like an idiot I got passive aggressive. I started sending one word texts, and she asked if I was mad. I said no, just confused. She asked about what, I said this:

"how do I put this... well I thought I was "protecting" when I stopped smoking for you. but apparently if I did it behind your back and then lied to you about it it would be fine? it just doesn't make sense. I can't control you or what you think or whatever so just throw whatever I'm saying aside, it doesn't matter."

She never responded. She's either asleep, or pissed off, or a combination of the two (It's 1:30 here in Wisconsin) Did I fuck things up with us? I love her more than anything, sometimes she's the only thing I care about in the world. 

So at this point, I have nobody to talk to, no drugs to do, and nothing to make me feel any better. I don't even know what to think or do, and typing this is all that's kept me occupied this whole time.

**TL;DR I love my girlfriend and quit smoking for her, and her brother did cough syrup behind her back, I told her, and she said he was protecting her which makes me feel like shit. Then I freaked out, and I'm afraid that the one thing that I care about in the world is ruined.**