I'm not sure what to do anymore. I just want this to end.Since I was young until 8th grade, I've been bullied and I ever knew the reason why. I'm assuming it's because they knew I wouldn't stand up for myself and I was an easy target. I would get bullied at home from my two sisters which is now just one of them. Im the type of person that would put others before myself and people would take advantage of that. As long I felt useful and felt like I was helping, i don't care how I felt and how it effected me. I I'm also extroverted but I don't mind talking to people. It's just really hard for me to carry a conversation. Since then I've been very self conscious about everything and would doubt almost everything I do that would have to involve my future. There are a lot of times where I would cry out of now where for no reason. 
I was also in an almost 9 year relationship until my now ex broke up with me around late October of last year. We've both have done some messed up things to each other during the relationship but I feel like I'm the most biggest fuck up in the relationship. Now that we've been broken up, we are still friends but I feel like I'm still missing my other half and I still really strong feelings for him. Every time I think of all the things he's done for me, I feel worse and more shitty for all the crap I did to him and he really didn't deserve it. I'm still shocked that I've done those things to him because i know that it's totally out of character. I saw a future with him and I really fucked it up. 
On top of that too, I had to put my my cat of 14 years to sleep last year in September because of kidney disease and he was always there to comfort me when my depression hits me. I wanted to be there with him when they put him down because I didn't want him to feel like I abandoned him and I told him that I was here and that everything was going to be ok. I would hear the vets voice echo from time to time saying, "He's gone.". I still wonder till this day if I made the right decision. He meant the world to me. Now I just feel really alone especially with the relationship stuff. 
Since these events happened, my depression has been hitting me in waves. I've lost all motivation to go to work and school. I only did it so I can help my cat live longer and help take care of my boyfriend. Now, I don't want to do anything. I've been forcing myself to exercise, go hiking and even bought a tent and sleeping back to go camping but I feel like it's not really helping. 
I've been thinking of giving myself until the end of the year to see where my life is at and how I'm feeling. But i start to think about my family and friends. How they would react and what they'll think. It's nobodies fault but mine. I don't want anyone thinking it was their fault or pointing the blame on anyone else. I've taken therapy before in the past and it's helped a little but I don't have the money to go back.  I don't want to disappoint and make the people I care about hurt... but I'm tired of feeling this pain and hearing the negative voices that's been haunting me for years.