I'm a 16 year old girl, please tell me it'll be okayEdit; Thank you for all the response, it helps so much even though I don't know how to reply to everything (irrational fear of feeling annoying maybe, but anyhow) Thank you again for offering an ear and all the encouraging words, really!

If you don't want to read all this, please read the bottom paragraph for a kind of a summary.

As most other teenagers I just need a place to vent, to be reassured that my problems and struggles are just temporary. I'd usually talk to my best friend, but I don't have one anymore. I'm not from an English speaking country so sorry for any grammar mistakes. Deep down I know things won't stay bad forever. I'm 16, it's not the end. I just really need to hear everything's going to turn out fine sometime, get some perspective on things maybe. I don't know.

I've never actually been diagnosed, I kinda figured it out myself. I've talked to councelors, school nurses, teachers and a psychologist, nobody's doubted me when I at first said I thought I might have depression and anxiety. But at some point you just know, you just sit down and think about it and wonder where it went from suspicion to fact. It's in a way calming to know what's wrong, I just don't really know where to go from here. I don't know if I'm paranoid or actually on a downwards spiral, mentally speaking.

I don't know exactly why I'm depressed or have anxiety. At first it wasn't that noticeable, I just felt a little empty and sad all the time. But just at home, my mom had a boyfriend that hated me and my sister. We lived with him from I was 11 to 14 or so, I feel like I lost so much in that time. I was so happy, I had friends before this. He wanted to move, we moved several times with him. He promised my mom he had gotten work in another town, she believed him. Never have I hated someone as much as I hated this man. He made me insecure, took me from everything I had known. My friends, my hobbies, my life. It sounds so dramatic, but in my head everything is just blown up so much. I can't stop analyzing things. 

We now live without him. My mom, a sister and two brothers. I'm the oldest, mom doesn't have a lot of friends here so she tells me about most of her problems. She struggles a lot mentally after living with her past boyfriend after the way he treated her, us. My other siblings are fine, it seems. But I'm so lonely. I have never had as much trouble getting friends as here. Nobody's real it seems. I've lived here for two and a half years, started high school (I think that's the American equivalent). Yet nothing's changed, it's only getting worse and worse. My best friend and I recently had a fight, I don't really want her back. Not the person she becomes sometimes. I sit alone most of the time, I have people to be with at school but they call me whore, laugh at me, laugh at things I've done or said. But nobody wants me, I don't understand why.

Honestly I haven't read through this, most of my problems start out in my mind and end up affecting everything and everyone around me. Even though I know people, seem like I have friends, nobody wants to know the sick me. The one that cries over nothing and feels so heavy all the time, I just need someone. I feel like to you reading this it just seems like typical teenager problems, but I've just really reached a point where I don't want to anymore. I don't see a point. I'm an intelligent and reflected girl, I've never been like this before. Why don't I have any hope anymore? I don't deserve this, I make all mistakes a teenager makes, but I don't want mental illness, loneliness, being known by people from other schools for year old rumors that are still laughed about. I hate it. I hate what everything's become, I just really don't want to anymore.

I have the option to move and change schools next year, my mom's pregnant with her "new" boyfriend (this sounds really stupid, but there's a lot more to it. My mom's not as irresponsible and selfish as it may seem). But I'm so scared nothing will change. I'm scared I won't make it through, that I'll be as sick and hopeless and feel the same as I do now and not have anyone or anything. I mean, I think I in a way do have people, I just don't realize. I don't feel like anyone wants me, I don't know who does. I try to be positive, but it's really hard. I myself think I appear happy and friendly, but apparently people describe me as angry and mad and scary. I don't know, I don't understand really.
____
I'm sorry for this mess of a post. I've never been so low before, I think. Nothing here really makes sense, but long story short I have anxiety and depression, feel very lonely, don't have any real friends, hobbies, don't feel at home and worry and think and feel sad a lot. I can move towns and schools, but don't know if I should or can do it, mentally. I don't see an end to anything, I don't know if I want to do anything anymore. A lot of my thoughts and such seem really dramatic, but in my mind everything is. I don't know anything, I feel very blank. I myself think it's stupid, I don't really trust my thoughts, I shouldn't either. I don't know. Thank you for reading, though.