The BrinkI'm writing this because I have felt the pain of existence since I was young. 
I learned to stay quiet about such things like my original father raping me after kidnapping me and my siblings when we were younger. I never told anyone, especially not my mom. She always seemed proud to have finally found us "unharmed" I didnt want to take that from her.. at the time I didnt know what to say because I was so young... but I knew there was something very wrong about what I was forced to do.. that feeling that thought, those memories festered.. like a poison with a slow but strong build up to my state of mind...... which is broken 

Over the years I thought I could pretend. I used to dress up as spiderman and act goofy and say dumb things and be generally over the top... because if everyone thought I was just this person then no one would ever guess how much I hated myself deep down.. I mean how could they when I smiled so much. I never wanted others to feel like how I did. I always aimed to make them laugh, I wanted them to feel how i wish i could. 

The only times anyone ever caught a glimpse is when I played guitar... it was the only time I could Express how I really felt deep down in a way that wouldn't disgust people or make them pity me.. or treat me like some fucking nut case... or worse.... hear my every word and just dismiss it as something easy to overcome.. 


As much love as I had for my parents.. they never understood.. I dont think they could. My mom would always just one up me from her past experiences and my dad now just couldnt understand. I told them a small sliver of how I felt at a dinner once... they treated it like it didnt even matter.. like a week later I should have been completely fine. I wasnt... but I pretended to be... because I know they couldn't grasp it... they never could. I don't blame them for it.. if anything it was some form of comfort knowing that those I love would never feel this way. 

The way I feel though, if you're reading this then you probably are curious about that.. well.... let me help you understand 


Have you ever woken up so tired.. with a pit in your stomach almost like a heads up of something impending doom you're gonna experience on that day.. like how you feel the day after a break up with someone you still love..

Well magnify that by 10.. and that's a good day for me... that's my best day.. because my worst days I'm thinking up how to kill myself without affecting too many people. If there was a way for me to kill myself without alerting anyone for a while. I'd do it.. I dont care how painful it would be.. I literally live in pain... I have untreated diabetes.. I have nerve pain all throughout my body . I get severe migraines, my heart gives me pain daily. My lungs hurt if I take a slightly deep breath.. my knees hurt due to my floating knee caps.. and I'm constantly reminded of how I dont deserve anything good... in high school I finally started getting dates in junior year... by senior year I was severely balding... 1 year after high school I was completely bald... I'm also short... so you can imagine seas of women spreading to avoid me... no matter how much they "loved my personality" they absolutely hated my appearance... not to mention the fact that all of my close friends left me behind simply because I wasnt smatt like them and couldnt hack it when i tried out college... despite all the people who told me i was "really smart" it wasnt true... almost every girl I ever dated cheated on me... one didnt though, but that's because she decided she'd rather fuck her own dog.... yeah she preferred another species instead of me....... imagine how that feels.... all I ever wanted in life was to make others happy and whole.. because maybe if I did that enough. Maybe one day I'd feel okay. Maybe one day I could wake up and actually love myself, maybe one day I could feel like I mattered, maybe for once i could fucking smile and mean it.... 

But that day never came.... because the world doesn't give a shit about losers.... that's exactly what I am.... the biggest loser of them all to be more precise.... how could I have so many people say all these great things about me... yet nothing comes of any of it... despite how hard I'd work for it.. like music... the amount of people who told me I have a gift, that I'd be famous.... fucking please..


Get real..

. I knew I'd never make it... because I was just above average.. and that was with almost a life time of practice..
Just like all the teachers and friends who told me I was "so smart" .... I'm definitely not.. or I would have fucking killed myself after my father raped me.... 

I really wish my life could have been normal though... I'd trade all the music I learned, all the sunsets I ever saw, all the "good times" i ever had.. for just one day, so long as I could actually be truly happy... 

I'd give up my last fucking breath just to know what a genuine smile felt like.. 

I'd give up everything just to have never existed at all. 