The only thing keeping me alive is my mom and a children’s video gameI’ve been thinking of typing this forever but I’ve always been scared to do it for whatever reason but here it goes lol

I have a very lucky life, my parents have decent jobs, we have a pretty good amount of money, my grades have been good for the most part. Overall I feel like my life is pretty alright. But for the past few months all that I’ve felt is emptiness. I feel like I have no reason to live. I had a very long lasting relationship with a girl I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, but she broke up with me in April and that has just added on to my emptiness, I can’t fucking get over her and it’s driving me crazy. And having pretty much no friends is icing on the cake

I just feel so empty and that I have no reason to live and I’m just sad all of the time, and I’ve been experiencing this for so damn long, I just want it to stop. I feel like killing myself is the only way because I’ve tried so many other things. I’ve tried talking to a therapist but it just made me very uncomfortable talking to someone about my problems face to face I hated it. I’ve tried a suicide hotline but they were just following a damn script. I feel like the only way to end my suffering is to just end my life.

But I can’t do it. I absolutely hate making people sad, and my mom is the sweetest person in the world and she loves me with all of her heart and I love her with all of mine. I don’t want to hurt her by ending my life, but it would just cause me to hurt instead. I feel selfish.

And this part is kinda stupid but it means a lot to me lol. Ever since I was a kid I have fucking absolutely loved Animal Crossing. If you don’t know what it is it’s a game aimed at kids where you live in a town with villagers that are animals and they really just feel like they care about you and that they are your friends. The newest addition of the game is coming out in March 20th and this is the only other thing that’s keeping me alive. I want to move into a new village with my animal friends while they talk about how lucky they are to be my friend :,)

My mom and animal crossing are the only two reasons I feel like I am alive right now. I’m definitely not going to kill myself until my mom is dead, but I’m just hoping that before my moms death something will make me want to live again.

Sorry I just wanted to get this off my chest for such a long time, thanks for reading and have a good one guys :)