My internet friend wants to kill herself, help pleaseHello, my ~~underage~~ under 18 years old online friend (girl) wants to kill herself and i dont know how to help.

From what I know all started when she started to have "bad" grades at school, I dont know how school in belgium works but she said that her grades are 5/10 and 10 is the best. Her parents thinks its really bad and they banned her from using computer at home, after school she has to go right to home and learn until 10 pm, when she has to go to sleep. It looks like theres really bad bus connection and she has to go like 10 km in 30 minutes and if she is not at home before 5pm her mother wont give her food. I told her that she should tell her grandparents or just one night go to her grandparents and tell everything to them. She told me that she already told that to her grandparents and they think she is making that up. She also told teachers but they cant do anything. My friend told me that she should not say that she want to kill herself to anyone she knows irl, becouse then psychiatrist will get into scene and he will tell that she is unstable and just sent her to madhouse.

I want to help her as much as i can, but i dont know how, atm she is writing me a message about whole story, how it started, what are some main problems. She also already tried to kill herself with pills and alcohol.

will update ofc

Update: Her parents wants her to work for school constantly, her mum is mad at her most of the time and makes my friend feel like shit most of the time, and so does her father. She recently started dating a boy and she wanted to spend some time with him, but since she was never really out of home her parents were mad. Then she cheated on him and her boyfriend told the whole school, now no one wants to talk with her and everyone is calling her slut.

Update: Her parents are not together, they broke up when she was 4, now they both have new partners. Her stepdad sometimes grabs her ass and touches her vagina. I honestly am suprised that she told me.

Update: There are just few things she can do at this moment, but since she is under 18 its not really legal. I was thinking about telling her she can try to go for few days to her friends, dont say anything to her parents, just that she is ok, and then return, but her parents would maybe try to finally solve it, or they will make it even worse. I dont see any other thing she can do to change it, maybe talk to her parents about how she feels? But i know how  it will go, i experienced it as well with my mother, they will just tell her that its not true.

I'm sorry about my english, i know its not great, am trying to do my best

Update: I managed to find a therapist online and tell her everything, she told me that my friend should find a psychiatrist and dont tell psychiatrist about her try at killing herself, if she wont be able to get to psychiatrist then she should find out if they have school conselour. This is one of only few things she can do atm, she cant go to psychiatrist becouse of her parents. Btw her parents thinks that her depression is a lie, and i have to tell you, its really hard to find out she has depression, most of the people with depression are happy on public, becouse they are away from their problem, from parents and sometimes with friends.