Not sure how this happened. HopelessGuys I am so severely hurt. I’ve been really hurt by religious people in the past. Uhm today I literally contemplated cutting my wrists with a razor I had in my hand and if that didn’t work I wanted was going to resort to other means. Then I thought of those people. My mind spiraled. I thought of my parents. And then I thought of those people. And if Allah was real. And the afterlife. And if everyone in the world was as wicked as those people. Since the time those people mentally tortured me I’ve lost low self esteem. If anyone wants to be my friend or shows interest I shut them out. I’ve been in and out of the hospital. And the worse part is having my mother and father suffer. This all came back to my mind when yesterday I went to the hospital for chest pains. I was very stressed with the memories and I went and the doctor said I had irregular heartbeat. I took a cab home and the cab driver was making small talk. He asked where I was from I said Pakistan and he gave me religious greetings and anecdotes connecting to his family. And that is when I told him my Iman was diminishing and I didn’t know if god was real or not. This is when I told him my story. 

    I told him I went to the hospital for so much chest pains. I told him I thought of my past. I said when I was 16ish I was going to school and taking honor classes. The schools religious boy, the guy who would slowly criticize people if they didn’t say Salam properly or anything he became obsessed with me. He would follow me around school. (No one was really living with me, I barely saw my parents who worked night shifts and my brothers were in a different country going to college. My uncle was developing early stages of cancer and later died and he was my next door neighbor so my parents attention went there and I went into a state of shock.)
      Anyway the guy who was an acquaintance would tell everyone he loved me he wanted to be my valentine. I became his valentine. After telling him ten times no. He was desperate and made up a lie stating that he didn’t want to waste his expensive chocolates and roses. My friend at the time told me to go. Then when I went, I went home because I felt uncomfortable. And he told everyone the next day I was going out with him. I said no. He said please I love you. And Allah wants us to be together. Well go to hell because of yesterday. Obviously I was afraid to tell anyone. I said ok, and I said whatever I’ll just break it off in a week and we’ll still be friends and that way no one gets hurt no drama. I try to break up with him. I told him I didn’t see myself in a relationship and that I just “broke up” with “someone”. 
            He starts wailing and crying and telling me how he’s going to kill himself and how his sister is mean to him. And everything. I was like wth, I was a very shy person. And I really was gullible. I didn’t know about suicide watch and I didn’t think of suicide. I loved my life, and I didn’t understand the point of suicide. He was lying obviously but for the next few years he would torment me with those lies and religious manipulation. He would compare me to so many girls. 
             Once I wanted to meet a guy friend who I actually liked and when I got ready, the manipulative bf came to my door showing me the ugliest face making sure I felt bad. Then he made me feel unrelgious. The poor friend was waiting for hrs and I left him because I forgot because I was so distracted by the boy telling me he was going to kill myself if I didn’t run away with him and marry him. The guy friend and I’s relationship after went to shreds. We hate each other for stupid reasons. I never got to tell him about that day and he thinks I bailed on him. 
              Anytime I had a school state test he would show up at my door and pretend to be my dad on the phone and call and explain why I didn’t make it. 
              His sister came to my door and told my mother at 12, “your daughter is a whore. She is begging my brother for sex. She is an ugly bitch” “if I see her at school I will tear her fucking head apart and beat the shit out of her”. I kept telling my religious girl friend. She would just hang out with the guy but pretend to be there you know. 
             His father was a drug dealer and  was arrested for heroin in 2001 and deported to Afghanistan. He told his mother to call my mother and harass her at my house. His mother called and told her she wanted me to marry her son. My mother was in tears saying no. My dad at this point was crying the other day because he’s very religious, we all are, but the guy kept saying we weren’t. Then his siblings and family harassed me saying I was an ugly bitch for not wanting to marry him. 
               Then he said his father would hire a hit man to kill me and him bc of religion. I was like wtf. I went to Pakistan as a way to get away. I come back and my best friend starts flirting with him. 
              She introduces him to his sisters her boyfriend. She flirts with him. She takes posts with him on Facebook. And she tells me he won’t leave her alone. All he does is say he loves her. I told her I went to the hospital bc I collapsed during namaz. I told her I didn’t like her prancing around my ex who was so toxic and distructive. She was like “oh you know he’s so entertaining” and “my sisters love him he’s so funny” I just attended the funeral of my uncle at this point. She didn’t care. She would not leave me alone. She would say “omg wasn’t that crazy yesterday! Me you and him in the same room”. He would compare me to her. Talk over my sentences. They were not close. Now she is married to someone else but they still flirt and I never recieved an apology. 
                  I saw her years later and she gave me a disgusting look. I was working at a shitty retail job but it was a step for me. She saw me speak to my boss and then I was putting away hangers and she took out her phone laughed and made sure she saw me texting someone. 
                   I dated a wall street worker years later and when he called me pretty or when the cab driver called me beautiful I don’t believe it. 25 is old. Five more years thirty. That girl never gave an apology never checked up and she has a career a daughter and a husband and has a YouTube channel and she gives religious dawah and tells people to always eat halal and cover yourself. 
 

The cab driver said to report them. But I’m afraid it’s too late. And I’m disgusted by myself. I can’t make eye contact with anyone. And today I really wanted to kill myself. Because I was so disturbed. And I feel so cheated. I thought Islam taught do good and good will come back to you. And bad people will get punished. I’m so discouraged and I feel like a tortured soul on earth. And I question afterlife. I used to be so ambitious you know. Now I’m just like whatever my life is over. Maybe if I kill myself I’ll show those people and end my misery. 