Hit the bottom...again...I'm feeling so tired of my moodswing, so "dependent" of other and what others say. I don't feel happy, I feel like I'm using a mask and hide from everybody. 


Reddit helped me meet new people (with my original account), the best thing that happen to me, they say I'm a cheerfull peorson so why do I feel so broken so unworthly of such amazing people I have already talk to.


I gave up of talking to friends about my problems, actually I have almost no friends as the true meaning of the word. The only person that I call true friend (and I do believe she's my friend) the last time we argued with each other she throws to my face everything I vent to her when I was a teenager, including...calling me a slut. If it was wrong what I though and did back at those days - yes, it was and as an adult (young adult maybe) I know that and no longer do it. But having someone throw everything I say back at my face, like a way to "help" me... That's the way I learn it: never trust anyone with your deepest fears, feelings, wishes,... I know she is tired of seeing me like that, but when I put a smile for her it's like I'm faking it so that I just don's lose her too


So I keep every feeling, every mood deep inside me and everyone who sees me sees a joyfull girl, who says/does silly things that makes everyone laugh/happy. Of course... no one could help me, those who tried now jam in my face that "You are so lucky to have us", "you don't give us any credit from helping you", "why do you keep throwing yourself down", "you should be joyfull because you are not in a wheelchair/physical or mental handicapted" and so many other things that only make me feel worse. It makes me feel even more that I don't deserve to live, I'm a selfish person or ungratefull.


I'm tired, feel so inapt in life. People say "if you kept like that, you are not going too far" in the meaning of cold my ideas and act more adultlike. But what I think, when I hear those words, is that I'm not going too far in life, a few years more and I'll make another attempt to end all of this. Seems that it's when I most need someone to be beside me to say "you matter in life" is when everybody runs away.


Tomorrow I'll have another appointment with my psychologist, that will help for another days...and at the same time I only wish this all ended once and for all.
