I deserve to dieI'm embarrassing 
My family hates me 
I weigh my boyfriend down with my anxieties
I literally have been thinking about what notes I should write recently. I fucking hate myself
I'm ugly, I say stupid shit. I have no future. I'm a wanna be loved person. Everyone at work behind my back talks about how awful I am. I'm kind of an ass I will admit but it's literally in defense cause nobody loves me anyway. My parents knew I was being molested and didn't do anything about it. CPS took me away when I was 4 because they where both drug addicts. I eventually got visitation rights with all five of my siblings and my mentally challenged sister molested me and both of my parents knew and did nothing. My guardian and aunt took me in and always reminded me of what a burden I was, blamed me for my uncle dying from cancer. And anytime I brought up mental stuff she would use therapy as a threat so I was afraid. Nowadays she throws money at me to compensate but it's not it. I'm embarrassing. I want to die so bad. Part of me wants to die because then I will never ever have to feel the way I've felt for years ever again. Another part hopes that maybe if I kill myself I'll be a statement and an example on why mental health is important. Selfishly it might also be the first time anyone would ever give a fuck about me and say nice things in my memory. I have bathroom fixations and anxieties that are embarrassing due to me being sexually abused. I just don't fit in. Everyone hates me. Im always shunned from my schools and places of work even if I keep to myself. And why the fuck am I still living? I have no dreams and goals. In ugly and tiresome to be around. I have the most ridiculous anxieties to where I'll hallucinate I'm pissing myself or I'll hear porno sounds (women and men moaning) I've seeped treatment and my first psychiatrist laughed at my weird paranoia. My second one pushed her marital problems on me and told me the issues she has with her husband are probably the same I'm having with my bf and that's why I'm hallucinating. I just hate being a live. I want to die but I'm not gonna do it yet. I still want to live and have children but every day it get harder to find a reason I was born in the first place