It got me thinking about thingsA few weeks ago, I got into two car accidents in the same week--both my fault. I don't know how to explain it to anyone who asks. I really don't know what I was thinking. I had/have been going through a lot at work and in my personal life for a while now, so I contributed it to that. I took a week off from work despite not really wanting to because I don't have paid time off... but I knew I needed to get help for myself at that point. What if I actually hurt someone else in another accident by driving the next week? 

I went to a crisis clinic at a nearby hospital and saw an LCSW once during that break. I've never seen anyone before, so it was all new to me. I was crying the entire time, and I sort of felt better afterwards, but she was so far removed and void of emotion... I'm just not sure if I'd want that from someone trying to help me. I could tell what I said was making her uncomfortable. I told her I have been suicidal in the past, and that those feelings are back again. That in the past I've tried to OD on analgesics but my best friend talked me out of it. This time I confessed to my thoughts of suicide. That sometimes when I'm driving to work, I get these thoughts in my head of driving into the cement median on the highway or driving so fast over the bridge that my car flies off and into the water. I've shaken these thoughts off before, but it's been starting to bother me again, and I feel like it's been much harder for me now to stop them than in the past. The LCSW wanted me to see someone the following week. I honestly made it an excuse to stay at work and reschedule that appointment. I was put onto a new subcommittee and it happened to be right when I would need to leave work for my appointment; instead, I stayed at work and finished up my paperwork, helped out here and there... Right now, though, I feel like I really should have gone. 

Things haven't gotten any better at work. I'm struggling. I'm making more mistakes. I can tell my coworkers think I'm probably being incompetent, and it just hurts me thinking that they're judging my actions right now. I know I need to focus, but it's so hard and I don't realize when I'm not thinking straight. I'm starting to become more apathetic too... I just really can't afford to do that in my job. I've felt awful this past week coming back to work. I don't think I was ready, but I don't get paid so two weeks off would mean no paycheck at all. What am I supposed to do? Even for my rescheduled appointment this coming week, I'm losing pay for the time I'm not there. I really don't know what to do. I'm hoping talking it out will make things better, but I'm honestly wishing for a fast fix to all this so I can just move on. I just can't afford to be the way I am right now, but it's hard to convince myself that things are okay. They're just not, but it's just so hard. 