No matter how hard I try It feels like its never enough. So I don't try anymore.I live in a household with two moms and a sister who went off to college last year. They are extreme technophobes who hate anything electronic. My main passion in life is the computer. The only reason I go on every day and sit through 6 hours of classes in which I am simply talked at and given work just to pass time. My parents have always limited my time using electronics and texting "friends"(people who put up with me). I live 45 min away from all my friends and my school, and my parents never drive me to see my friends. I am completely isolated, and my only window to the outside world is my phone which I have for a few glorious minutes a day. I hate my parents, they are never any fun to be around or listen to. One is always bitching and uptight as hell. She always takes everything at her job out on me and my other mom, and my other mom just agrees with her and keeps her going that way. I spend my entire weekend doing chores for my parents, at least 12 hours a weekend, for 20 dollars a month, which they keep and never let me spend. I work this whole time trying to please them but no matter what I do they just have something negative to say. Never amy praise, never any "good job!" or "proud of you". I try hard in school, but no matter how many A's I get, I get no thanks. But the second a grade is posted that is below an 80, the second mom is on my ass about it. In school, my teachers teach the same stuff we learned the previous year, never anything new. For school, there doesn't seem to be much learning. So in class I use my phone to survive. I read, I reddit, I learn for myself. Most of the time I research the army, because I plan to join as soon as I graduate. Then I can actually work physically and feel like I am actually doing something with myself, instead of wasting my life away, just to die like thousands of others each day and be forgotten in a month, forever. I have body confidence issues. I am always afraid of how I look. I am by no means fat, but I always feel it. I work out as much as I can, but no matter how hard I try, no girl has ever been interested in me. I am pretty nice, and socialize much better than many people at my school. I treat people well and am kind, unlike all of the normal popular kids. Every girl I have ever approached or asked out has either friendzoned me or rejected me. I just want someone to love me. The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because of one man. He is 22 and I met him in a video game a year and a half ago, and has been more influential to me, and more caring then anyone I've met in real life. We talk every day, and the humor helps me so much. Sometimes we tell stories. Most times we joke to deal with all of our problems and our shitty world. Sometimes we have real talk about deep things and how shitty our lives are. He is a raging alcoholic and I'm almost certain that's the only reason he's still here. I think of him kind of as the father I never had, or the brother I never had. He works in the military and is the main reason I'm deciding to enlist. He gave me a purpose and goal and path in life and for that I am forever grateful. I know that once I'm 18 and move out I will be able to make it in life, but the hard part is making it there. I don't know if I cant make it there with all this shit going on. Right now I am sitting in the middle of the woods at night, In short pajamas, writing this with numb fingers because I no longer know what to do. My parents just screamed at me because my teacher sent a report home about how "disrespectful" I am when in reality all I am is nice and respectful to her, this is even one of the classes I don't use my phone in. So now they are taking my phone evey morning so I can't take it to school. Since I am already socially awkward, have bad social anxiety, and have few "friends" who never want to hang out outside of school and directly after, I can no longer make plans with them outside of class. I can't please my parents so I have stopped trying. I cant please my teachers, so I have stopped trying. Now I can't please society/my "friends" so I will stop trying. I'm giving up. I don't care if anyone actually gave enough of a shit to read this, I just needed to get it off my chest. Thanks for listening if you did make it this far.