I've suffered from intrusive suicidal thoughts since I was a child; now they are getting worse after a recent breakup.NOTE: This is a throwaway account because my primary account is linked to videos of myself and my real name.  More than anything, this is ctharsis due to a pretty much complete lack of anyone I can talk to.

First, I'd like to state that I'm not planning on killing myself.  As far as most people would be concerned I am a perfect example of success and accomplishment.  Most people would probably mistake me as being very social, capable, and confident.  I'm just capable, not confident and I can fake social pretty damn well (it's just exhausting).  At any rate, as long as I have my dog, my guitar, and my awesome job I am pretty damn sure that is not going to happen.  I don't like to contemplate what would happen if I lost any of those three things because I'll be honest, those are about the only three things I can count on in my life.  I know I've hit a bad low tonight though because I just angrily shouted and screamed at my dog for no reason and ordered her out of the bedroom and slammed the door.  Not normal behavior for me at all and I can't sleep at all.  I know I'm calling into work because I'll be worthless tomorrow in any productive sense due to lack of sleep.

I've been suffering intrusive suicidal thoughts a lot lately along with urges.  When I say a lot, I mean a lot.  Dozens of times per day.  It's a nearly constant buzz that is distracting me from even basic tasks right now.  I just drove back home over 250 miles from my guitar lesson and battled urges to just suddenly jerk the wheel suddenly at 75 mph and cause a guaranteed rollover.  I don't think I would have done it, but I had my dog with me so she was some extra insurance that guaranteed I wasn't going to do something catastrophically stupid.  Still, that was about 4 hours of trying to push those thoughts out of my mind.  It was absolutely exhausting and I've been out of sorts since the drive which was several days ago.

I've had these intrusive thoughts as long as I can remember, at least as early as 10 and possibly earlier and corresponding depression throughout nearly my entire life with a few memorable exceptions. Coupled with my own low tolerance for personal failure, mandatory academic excellence, and parents who weren't satisfied with anything less than striaght A's, I sunk into deep depression and have had severe anxiety attacks since I was in my teens.  I'm not sure I even knew what happiness was for the longest time because I hadn't experienced it.

Eventually I felt that happiness.  A few periods in my life I actually had some honest to goodness real moments of calm where that buzz of intrusive thoughts actually disappeared. Summer "nerd camp" in Denver when I was with true and genuine peers I could relate to, music summer camp, when I'm hanging out with my two friends Jaeson and Aaron (both live out of state), spending time with my best friend Becca (temporarily out of state at the moment and will be moving out of state permanently at some point).  Those friends and relationships all had something in common... very supportive and empathic friends who somehow manage to banish that buzz of thoughts by their very presence. Even if it was never explicitly discussed they all understood how do deal with me during my anxiety attacks.  Just awesome people.

I also go out of my way to not overstay my welcome with those people.  I need them more than they will ever know.  One of them wants me to move down Denver with him, but I'm honestly terrified that spending too much time with me would fuck that friendship up.  I know it can happen because it recently happened.

One of my exes even had that effect on me, the ability to make the buzz go away, my recent ex-girlfriend.  Despite being pretty good looking I would rate myself as "collosal failure" in the world of relationships with two decades of solid data to back that claim up.  I routinely miss the flirty signs of good women and instead I pick bad women, cheaters, incompatable women or just date someone because I've been lonely beyond my psychological threshold for lonliness.  Most relationships actually made me worse because I can't honestly say I've ever had a relationship where support and understanding was extended *towards* me.  Usually I am the one providing 100% of the support in a relationship.

My most recent ex actually broke that pattern and being with her was like being with my other favorite peers.  I had never experienced any relationship that caring, or so I thought.  I eventually screwed that up.  I had a bad anxiety attack about two months into the relationship.  Trusting her, I actually dropped my calm and confident facade and she finally saw the "true" me and from that point forward she was cold and uncommunicative to me.  Things weren't going so well for her in life at the time and she needed someone stong. She quickly learned it wasn't worth dating a fucked up mental case like me that sometimes gets crippling anxiety attacks. I don't need much more than "Hey it's going to be OK" and a hug, but she got very critical with me instead which is the worst thing that can happen to me during an anxiety attack and I just shut down, hard and for a few days.  A few weeks later during an argument about that I let slip that I was having previously (past tense) lots of depressive thoughts that sometimes were suicidal thoughts and I was just struggling to keep my head clear and needed support.  She got very upset at me for playing the "suicide card" on her.  Never mind that she had mentioned she had had suicidal thoughts before as well.  That's when I know she was done with me because I violated her trust with that statement.  The one and only time I have told *anyone* about these thoughts ruined the best relationship I've ever had.  She interpreted my statement as some form of manipulation when I was trying do nothing more than explain what stupid shit my fucked up brain throws at me.  I drove her away and losing that relationship support started the flood of intrusive suicidal thoughts again and it only got worse near the end.

That is why I will never tell any of my other friends about it.  I took a risk that I should have never taken and told my girlfriend. Two months later I broke it off with her, but she is still a friend.  She is pretty much my only local sounding board, ironically enough and I don't feel comfortable talking to her about the really important stuff now for good reason.

At this point my trust is women is pretty much shattered.  It wasn't very good before.  Before I ever lost my viginity I had been raped once, sexually assaulted another time, and then to add insult falsely accused of rape by one ex-girlfriend and falsely accused of sexual assault by another who just wanted an excuse to break up with me to date a friend of mine.  The recent betrayal of trust by my ex is really just a straw breaking the camel's back.  It's been two fucking decades of this bullshit and my reward for "best relationship" goes to the girl who repeatedly criticized me for labeling her as my "girlfriend".  I can't handle the double standards that I routinely experience that other people don't seem to deal with because she was able to talk to me how she has suicidal thoughts at times but the subject is taboo for me.

That leads me to where I am now.  All of my closest and dearest friends are out of town.  Absolutely no dating prospects and I'm not even sure I want any.  I want to leave this town so badly.  The three friends I might be able to talk to locally are visibly way more depressed than I am and I am more worried about them than I am about myself.  I am lonlier than I have ever been in my life and my only companions are a derpy little dog and a near constant noise from these damn intrusive suicidal thoughts. All the damn time.

- Hey hali5, I see you're driving! How about you kill yourself.  *Fuck you brain.*
- Hey hali5, you should put more parmesean on that pasta.  Oh, and kill yourself while your at it.  *Fuck you brain.*
- Hey hali5, remember to walk the dog, kill yourself, and pay the bills. *Ok brain, sure thi... wait a minute asshole I see what you did there.*
- Hey hali5, it's a gorgeous day out! *Yeah, it really is! Hey, don't you normally tell me to go kill myself?*  That too.  *Fuck you brain*
- Hey hali5, eat that whole bag of kettle korn.  *Thank you! Don't mind if I do!*

Like I said before, I don't plan on killing myself and I don't want to.  The thoughts just happen as they always have for decades and they've been worse this past month.  I just need to vent because I can't risk disclosing this to anyone I know personally.

Some of my remedies:
=========================
Hit the gym, get some exercise: I do. A lot. Kayaking and hiking mostly.

Get some hobbies/projects: I have them.  Classical guitar and work.  Both of those do a good job of pushing the thoughts out.

Seek Chemical Treatment:
I tried some anti-anxiety/depression meds last winter on the advice of my doctor.  That didn't go well.  I had terrifying mood swings and the suicidal thoughts got much stronger.  The first week wasn't bad but the 2nd and 3rd weeks were unbearable and for the first time ever I was truly afraid I would follow through on the thoughts.  Even worse, I was worried I might violently lash out at somone I cared about.  I called my doctor and told him and the drugs were immediately stopped.  Considering that I am single and often spend days alone without seeing friends or family who could check up on me, the risks of trying more drugs is not acceptable in my mind.