It's everythingAlways alone. I don't feel like I belong in my small group of friends in college, and don't even like half of them tbh. The one who I really get along with is studying abroad so this last month has been even worse. And she's there with her boyfriend who is probably the second closest friend I have here. This is probably the only girl who's shown interest in me, and she's in a 6 year long relationship so it's off the table

Never been with a girl in any romantic way at all, it hurts. And now I got the pressure of being almost 20 and hopelessly behind

I think my real friends at home are going to leave soon too. It's seems like we are hanging out less and less. I know everyone is busy and in their own lane but we're gonna grow apart and I'm going to be truly friendless if I'm not already. I feel like I'm getting especially left behind because network settings at my school won't let me join game invites on Xbox and that was the only reason I bought. I'm also a little younger and don't have a fake so they'll go to bars and shit without me. I've never been any of their favorite anyway, and sometimes I don't think they care about me as much as I do them.

I'm not good at school anymore and getting worse ansd worse.

I'm addicted to porn and can't quit despite trying for a year. I haven't gotten past two weeks it's pathetic. It makes me feel more alone and then I slowly switch to weird shit and feel sick about myself.

I'm not gonna go anywhere in life. Not only am I bad at the stuff at school I have terrible skills with new people. No way im gonna get hired I'm too retarded. No way I make new friends, no way to talk to girls.

Got an owi last year, I'm starting to get over it a bit but I still feel terrible

Besides porn my escape has been gaming. Used to like rainbow six until I started getting shit on and dropped from platinum 2 to gold 3. I cut the fuck out of leg for that petty shit. Now I play fortnite (all by myself) and rarely can pull off the win I must be trash at this too. petty shit. I've never really been good at anything at all.

Now everytime something mildly bad happens my brain goes straight to killing myself. I can't focus on anything anymore

Saturday. I will be exactly 20



