I want to die honorableI don't know if this is suicidal but I want to die in a way that I myself find glorious. While I know I would never harm myself willingly, I yet desire to cease existing.   
But as the good nature in me calls for doing something good and helping others I want to die in a battle. I would like to join some militia or organization that fights terror groups or generally saves other people so I could at least do something good for other people one last time before I leave.  
And in case I don't die from that then great. But I doubt it because I am not good. I have never been to the military because my health problems are too much of a burden. And where I live almost every male goes to the military at adult age. So I also feel like I am missing out on something important even though I don't regret having to go there. But yet perhaps that would make it up for this. I mean someone without experience like me will die fast anyway, right? So doing something good and something I feel proud of while leaving with honorable actions is just the perfect setup.   
Because else I am just a burden and non-loved by anyone. I cannot love myself because I can only do that if others love me as well. I am the kind of person that depends on others. I have to push myself and if I can't go on I just feel horrible.  
For years I have tried following my dreams, actually doing my best to achieve things in life but all failed. Sure I tried and did my best, there is nothing more I can do. But this is exactly what bothers me. If my best isn't enough to continue, what else can I do? You don't wanna see me try my worst if my best is already that horrible...  
And I had enough always having to fight for things I never get in the end while others get it laid out on their hands. Be it job and career or love life.   
Sure I have friends and family, I have a roof over my head and food on the plate.   
But life is more than just surviving, especially in these times where society expects much more of someone.  
I often say I just wanna die but when I say I wanna die I really just mean I wanna finally start living and not just surviving like right now. But the more days pass, the more I think perhaps it actually is for the better if I do die.  
Today it pushed me on the edge, I had to hold a blade to my throat and chest for the first time in many many years. To think I really be pushed that hard...  
But I don't know why for some reason I still do have hope. I kinda always have hope for something. I cannot explain this phenomenon. Even if I think I plan to die in battle, I yet have hope to leave it alive and gaining new experience and mindset that could change me positively. Even in such negativity, I find positivity. But this all is a double-edged sword. the one side that has hope that something good could happen but the other side that is right now a bit sharper than the other, the side that just wants me to die.  
Does anyone else feel like this? Can you understand this?  
And yes I am already trying to get help but I will not know the outcome in the end of all this