I hate myself for putting the blame on others and for being the most lazy asshole of the worldI hate it, everytime I get something good, it's just taken away from me by life. I learn drawing? Yeah, I get a temper tantrum whenever a line doesn't fit. I like acting and would like to do that as a living? Yeah, the acceptance rate of a drama school are about 2-4% and in my case about 0,5% because of my grades. I played games for my whole life. Well, too bad, i get angry whenever something doesn't go as i want.

My whole life, everything went right, I aced every test without en effort and now I'll have to repeat 10th grade. I know that I can't life in this world, if I don't do anything, but what can I do, if I never had to do something? I could've easily skipped like 2 classes, but no, no one cared that not having anything to do in class may be a bad thing. And when I DID work for something, it never helped or went anywhere. Whenever I tried my best, it turned into shit. I never learned how to work for something, and no one gives a shit about that. My mum just let me do whatever, my father just expects me to listen to everything he says, without being like a father at all. He doesn't live with us, but still, he never felt like a father. His parents are even worse, when I tried to tell them literally ANYTHING I wanted to achieve, they laughed at me and talked me out of it. I'm sick of it, why the heck would I try to work for something, if it never payed off in the end. The only thing left in my life is acting and when I can't get into drama school, there's nothing left for me. Acting is the only interest I have, there is nothing else I would wanna do. Nothing else I will do because even if I had to work at some other place, in the end of the day I would do nothing. I'm just useless to my parents, my family as a whole, my friends and what not. I will never be able to improve myself because I never had to, so now I can't really learn it. I hate to be taught, but I hate teaching things to myself. And I know that sounds like the most stupid excuse for not doing anything, but if that is in excuse my "mind just made up for me" I don't know what it says about me. Probably just, that I'm an asshole, who's just ungrateful. 

I want to become something, but I can't wait anymore. I hate all that waiting, because I never had to wait and I hate that all this is just whining how I was "never properly raised" and how no one "taught me how to live". I hate it, because I'm just putting the blame, that I'm a useless, lazy dickhead, on others. I'm sick of it and sick of myself. But guess what: I won't change. I perfectly know, that something won't go as planned, that it won't happen overnight and that will make me lose my temper and I'll quit whatever I'm trying. It's always been this way. I just hate it. And at this point I hate that apparently that's the only thing I'm capable of. Just whining. I don't wanna exist anymore, but people will feel bad. I literally only live for others at this point, so they won't feel bad. I don't know what I'm waiting for at this point. When I don't get into drama school in the next 5 or so years, I might as well end it. But as you already know, my chances are almost none. I just lost hope about everything, my career, myself and that I will ever find someone to be with. I hate it, that I always lose my temper, when something doesn't go the way I want it, I'm just a huge baby. I just hope I get hit by a car or something, so other's won't feel so bad. I really don't know, why I should still life, other than this ridiculously small chance of getting into drama school.

Everybody always says that I will find someone to be with someday. Yeah right, it's not like every good trait I have, everyone else has too. There's literally nothing I'm particularly good at and nothing that's compelling to anyone. I'm just uninteresting. And the thing is, subconsciously I think that "when I find someone someday, I'll finally have a reason to carry on" and I know that that's simply not true. I'll have to love myself first, before I can live someone else but I'll never love myself. What for? My attitude? That I'm blaming others for ruining my life? That I'm wasting any "talent" people told me I had? That I have such a short temper, that I can't stick with anything? That I'm ungrateful as hell for all that I have? I'm just a piece of shit. I hate it. And I don't have any motivation to change that at this point. Friends have been reaching out to me, offered to help my through therapy and what not, but I always just decline and say "I'll manage". No, I won't. I'll stay like this forever. Why can't I just accept their offer? Am I too proud? Too stupid? Or am I just attention seeking? Honestly, i sometimes really feel like it, bothering people with my feelings, but as soon as they offer help, I decline. I'm always just whining, without trying to change something. I don't want to live anymore because it always just comes back to me realizing, that I'm trash. That I'll never become something and I'll always just bother people. I will always realize, that I'm gonna die alone with that attitude, so why don't I just end it now, while I have friends? Because I seriously think that there's still a chance. I somehow really believe that all this is just something, that comes with being a teenager, that I'm just whining, should just grow up and learn to work for something. Well, too bad, I'll probably never will, because I'm lazy and stupid and stubborn and ungrateful and just a huuuuge dickhead overall. That one thing people always say is that "the world is a better place with you in it", yeah, if sure is with a wimp like me, who can't do anything right. And the worst thing is, that I still complain about my life, while so many people have it much worse.

That was all just a giant rant I wanted to let go, I repeated myself several times, but yeah. I was probably also missing a lot of points. I honestly don't know why I post this, maybe just a small part of me thinks that someone or something can really cheer me up or motivate me. And there already have been a few people on reddit, who talked to me and while I really appreciate their support, nothing really clicked to me at this point. Or maybe I'm just attention seeking, if so, it's probably better if I died. I honestly don't know, what's going on in my head at this point and it feels like I'm just deceiving myself with lies and what not. So yeah, I wonder if someone will still want to help me, even though I'm just a huge crybaby and an asshole.