in case no one told you today, someone cares about you [long post]When I was in 7th grade, I was going through a really hard time. I drifted from all of my friends, developed depression and social anxiety, and most importantly, I began to lose myself. I would go to school and feel so self conscious that I wished I would just melt into the floors or hide in the bathrooms so nobody could see me. This was also the year that I dipped into self harming — everyday after school, I would go to the upstairs bathroom and cut my legs on the bathroom tile. Suicidal ideation didn’t just pop up in my head occasionally, it festered inside my brain and wrapped around every one of my fingers and strapped my wrists so I couldn’t escape the horrible pain I was enduring. I had no one to talk to. I pushed my family away and hid inside my room 24/7. 

But I made it through it at the time. 

Entering into 8th grade, I wasn’t cutting so much. Actually, I distinctly remember feeling bitterly numb. Unlike in 7th grade where my suffering may have been more apparent, this time I learned how to ease on a fake smile and pretend to be the bubbly, yet quiet girl I was. I also dipped into makeup to hide all the insecurity I was filled with. Perfectionism was my worst enemy at the time. My emotions were still there, somewhere, but my depression drowned them so they muffled underneath the dark waters. It was strange how someone could feel absolutely nothing to the point where they weren’t sure if they were happy or not, or really, even existed. It was like no one could see me, hear me, pay any mind to me at all. I had my friends back again, finally. But despite getting what I wanted for so long, something wasn’t right. 


I was empty. 


October 23rd, 2018
I never really cared for dates, and this was no exception — yet somehow, I remember this one. I don’t know how. I guess I must’ve caught a glimpse of it a few times and awhile later, it still sticks with me. This day was distinctive in the way that after grueling, long mundane days, I felt again. I felt anxiety, I felt sadness, I felt angry, I felt everything that I should’ve been feeling the past few months. It all caught back up to me and pulled me down to the ground, where I could be eaten alive by all of them. I was helpless and had no way of protecting myself. It felt like the world was ending — but it wasn’t — maybe it was for me. 

I cried on the edge of my bed, shaking uncontrollably. An empty bottle of pills were thrown somewhere in the covers, presumably to be hidden from whoever was to found them. I swallowed them all, but I could’ve swore I could still smell the fein odor of medicine in the back of my nose and throat. It was horrible. That smell and taste still haunts me to this day. Eventually my sister came to take me to her house, and as we got into an argument, she wasn’t too nice with me. Having no idea what I just did, she forced me into her car and blasted the radio and sang songs with my brother who was in the backseat while I lay in the passenger seat, crying and trying my best not to puke. We made it to her house, and I couldn’t take it anymore. I tried to open the door enough so I didn’t vomit inside, but unfortunately it got on the inside and outside of the car. My sister was pissed. She told me I forced myself to throw up and screamed at me that I would clean it up. I cried. 

I went in the shower to wash up and texted my friend that I had just done something, crying uncontrollably and trembling all over. She was the only one that knew. That evening, I was time skipping. I remember there being moments where my sister was on one side of the room and suddenly appeared on the other. I was so dizzy and a little nauseous. She thought I was having a panic attack and called my aunt to help me. My aunt tried to calm me down, and it didn’t really work, but I promised her I would at least try. She left. I went back to bed and sat staring at the walls and my phone, and once again, I could’ve sworn I was only sitting there for 10 minutes but suddenly 2 hours passed by. I don’t know why, but I dragged myself out of the covers and went downstairs.

I looked at my sister in the eyes, and I felt this sizzling panic erupt between us before I even told her anything. Finally, I told her, “I need to tell you something”. She began to vigorously demand what it was, and I was sobbing, and she started to cry too. It may have been sisterly intuition, but she asked me if I took pills and I nodded. It took literally hours of convincing that I actually took these pills for my sister and aunt to take me to the ER, and the dread in the room when the doctor came to tell us that my liver enzymes were way, way too high and that I would have to be rushed to a bigger hospital in an ambulance was one I would never forget. 

I was fourteen years old, and that was my first attempted suicide. 


At the time, I learned a lot of things. I learned that if you don’t get the proper help you need, you will turn to other things to make you feel better, good or bad. I put on that fake smile again when I came back home from the hospital and no one stopped me. No one liked to talk about what I did, so I had to find different ways of coping. I developed an eating disorder to distract myself, especially since I was homeschooled now and had a lot more time to myself. I hid inside my own comfortable room so no one could see me. I took writing more seriously, but the things I’d write were sad. I went to a therapist, but I could only see her once a month... after a suicide attempt. I definitely needed more counseling than that, but it’s as if everyone believes you’re cured from ideation once you acted on it. That’s surely not the case.

The thing that really opened my eyes were the people around me. I will never forget how my sister never left my bedside at the hospital, and how she never judged me about what happened despite it hurting her. She blamed herself. She looked so heartbroken, but tried to hide it, just like I did. This was the same girl that I would get in fights with constantly and used to throw me around the living room by my pigtails when we were younger. Who would’ve thought she cared for me this much. 

I never seen my dad cry. But after a long flight from Florida to Dayton Hospital, he was sobbing so badly that it was sorta embarrassing, but sweet nonetheless. Both of my parents ran towards me and wrapped me up and kept saying incomprehensible stuff like, “my baby girl” and “you scared me so much” “I thought I would lose you”. 

I had a childhood friend named Heath that my mom used to babysit. He was one of the popular kids at school at the time, so he and I didn’t talk much. Maybe on occasion, but that was it. There was still familiarity between us though, and we both felt it. He used to take a photo of us as babies into class and show it to the whole classroom to tease me. In my opinion, he looked more like a dork in those photos than I did, but whatever. We drifted apart, and it began to feel like he didn’t care for me at all anymore: he was a popular kid and ignored me in school now. When I came home from the hospital, my mom needed moral support, so one day without my knowledge she went to their house. She came back, and I knew she was hiding something. Finally after so many efforts in trying to get her to say something, she finally admitted that she did tell them about my suicide attempt. She told me that Heath in particular was shooken up and cried when hearing it. I was shocked — I was so sure that this kid gave no mind to me ever, and I felt like he wouldn’t have noticed if I was gone. Now, I don’t want to know what his reaction would’ve been like if I succeeded. I really thought he didn’t care... at all.

My ex best friend must’ve been the worst. She was popular as well and a grade up. We were inseparable when we were younger — really, since we were babies. But we were split. Not by choice, necessarily, it just happened. It was like a breakup. I lost my one and only best friend and she felt like she was so far away: it turns out she was in closer reach than I initially thought. We hadn’t really talked in years, but since my mom was best friends with her step mom, occasionally she convinced me to get out of my house and hangout with her again. At first it was awkward, because to me she was a totally different person, but eventually we both eased up and it was like the old her was back again. My mom joked that she could only act herself around me now, because all her other friends were the stereotypical cheerleader popular girls. I noticed that too. She did act drastically different around them, and not like the girl I used to know. But with me, she could act any way she wanted to. This is the part I really regret. She always asked me to hangout, really, like begged me, but i would constantly turn her down. I was still accustomed to shutting everyone out of my world. I know she was hurt by this. Even when my mom would randomly show up on their doorstep she would ask if I came, and if I didn’t, why. It hurts my heart. I could’ve had my best, best friend back. But I isolated myself instead, and she eventually gave up. I would still like to hangout with her, because I genuinely admire her as a person and I love her.


My grandma that I wasn’t too close to started to text me everyday after what happened. She told me about her day and asked about mine. Like I said, I wasn’t close to her and didn’t visit her a lot, but she kept me in mind every single day, which is something I would’ve expected at all. She’d send me pictures of windmills she saw that day and told me that she was glad I loved her too. It warmed my heart but also made me feel bad for what I did. 

Lastly, in the hospital there was a moderator that I will never forget. They’re in charge of watching over people that are in hospital for hurting themselves, so he was in my room a lot. Thankfully he was a really great guy, just like most of the moderators were (thankfully) so it was nice to have that kind of person around after such a traumatic experience. I drew a picture for him because as I heard, he saves them and a lot of kids that are in for suicide attempts do that (we have nothing else to do waiting for our bodies to be healed from whatever horrible things we did to it). The picture was so bad because I had to use crayons. They didn’t let you have pencils or pens or any of the sort. They gave me a spoon for a salad, and he convinced the people to let me eat with a fork which was very nice of him. And when I didn’t want to eat, he would literally call up food for me anyway lol. Anyway, he appreciated the horrible drawing (pretty sure it was a pumpkin for Halloween :/) and I still wonder if he actually kept it. 

There was one thing that he told me before I was discharged, and it was so simple, but had a huge impact on me. He said before he left, “Take care of yourself, kiddo.” I don’t know what it was about those words but it ached my heart a lot. Maybe because I wasn’t exactly planning on taking care of myself, to be honest. But keeping his words in mind, it makes me feel like I would disappoint him if I didn’t at least try. 

There’s so many people surrounding you at all times and you don’t even know it. There’s thousands, everywhere, and trust me when I say at least one of them care about you. I had people that I thought forgot about me and wouldn’t notice if I wasn’t home, but it turns out those are the people that had the biggest impact on me, and I had the biggest impact on them as well. Stay home. Stay here. Stay safe. 

Take care of yourself, kiddo :)