I’m doneI want to die so bad, but it seems almost impossible. I don’t have a car or a license. I live in Canada, so it would be almost impossible to get a gun. I live in a small town, so jumping off a building or a bridge doesn’t seem very logical. I’ve attempted to overdose on pills multiple times, but it’s really hard to actually die from overdosing on pills. I’ve tried hanging myself, but that didn’t work at all, and there’s nothing really in my house to use. I’m tried cutting myself with both razors and knives, but nothing in my house is really sharp enough to do it. Again, I’ve tried almost everything, but the only option is jumping in front of a vehicle or train. However, I’d have to leave the house, and since I don’t go out much, my family would probably call 911. There’s also no guarantee that it would kill me, and I might be permanently disabled or lose a few limbs. I just want the pain to stop and want everyone to stop treating me like crap, and actually give a shit about me. I’m fat, ugly, short, dumb, and I know I have no future. I really wish assisted suicide for mentally ill people was a thing in my country, as I feel it’s unfair for a person to be forced to live for selfish reasons. I know people would say ‘your friends and family would care’. Bullshit, absolute bullshit. My family treat me like crap all the time, and yes they might feel pain for a bit, but they would get over it quickly. I have no real ‘friends’, I’ve basically lost all of them, and they don’t seem to actually give a shit about me. When I text them, they either give one worded replies or they take days to reply or sometimes don’t even reply at all. I have no luck finding a partner, as I’m fat, ugly, dumb, and short. Even if someone will like me, they probably won’t be my type and I won’t be attracted to them (I know I’m self centred, but I can’t help but have a type). The only ‘things’ that will care if I’m gone is my cats, and they will forget about me in a few days. I wish I could just hire a hitman/just anybody to kill me, but I’m pretty sure I’d go to jail for attempting that. I guess I could try suicide by cop, but that might just end up with my injured or in handcuffs. I’m really tired of living, and really wish every single day that I would just die. I really don’t know what to do. Also, don’t say ‘talk to a psychiatrist or therapist’ because I have, and it never helps. No therapist or psychiatrist will fix how others treat me and how I feel mentally and physically.