What am I even doingA few days ago I told my best friend I had feelings for her. Because apparently I'm a fucking moron. Now she thinks I was only her friend because I wanted to be with her, and says I betrayed her trust.. I understand why she would think that, but it is just simply not true. I don't know how to make her believe me, and even that wouldn't solve anything. I fucked up the single good thing in my life. I fucked up big time.  

Now she's not answering my texts. A few months ago I was the only one she would talk to. Well, the only one she liked talking to. She used to tell me everything. I always knew how she felt, whatever was on her mind, she knew I was there for her and could talk to me about anything. And now she doesn't want to talk to me.... because I was an idiot. I already miss her and it's been two fucking days.  
It hurts to think about the fact that it will never be the same ever again. If it wasn't for her I would have already killed myself months ago. She's the only thing I have, I actually enjoyed life. I had something to live for, plus I knew she needed my help and I fucking failed.  
Everything I look at reminds me of her, we did practically everything together. I need her.. Which I understand is not normal, but it is what it is. Nothing's gonna be the same as before. It's all my fault.  

I also have severe social anxiety, I am a high school dropout because of it, I don't have a job. Welcome to my life.  
My father thinks my life is finally getting back on track, I don't want to tell him I can't even finish high school. I don't want to disappoint him again. Thank god I can kill myself now. What a pussy I am, I know, I know. I'm a fucking terrible son. I'm a terrible friend. I'm a terrible everything. Currently I'm selling my belongings so I have money to buy something to eat until I kill myself.  
I feel like I'm finally ready to end it though, I already ordered the helium. I'm not sure I can wait a few days for it to arrive tho, might find some other way to do it before then.
I wanted to kill myself before I told my friend about my feelings. I planned on killing myself end of next month. I also ordered some stuffs I wanted to give her, as a goodbye thing. I'm pretty sure now she doesn't want any of it, not from me anyway.  
And I have to wait for them to arrive so I can give it to her. I mean should I even wait for them to arrive? Might as well kill myself as soon as my helium gets here. Or even sooner if I find any other way. It doesn't fucking matter. I don't matter anymore.  

I'm not sure why I'm writing this but at least I have something to do instead of crying and waiting for her to reply all day.
It was so much better when I was alone, before I met her. I was depressed yes, but at least it didn't hurt this fucking much. And the fact that I did this, it's all my fault and now I can't even do anything about it just makes it worse.  


Edit: I would like to thank everyone who read my post, and took the time to write something.
I'm feeling a bit better, I won't kill myself in the upcoming days. I will wait a few weeks at least to think it through, see how things work out and then go from there. You guys will see me here next month or so, I will report back whatever decision I make.