Feeling very depressed right now and could use some support.I'm sorry for taking up space on this subreddit. I've been depressed since May 2012. It seemed to kind of come out of nowhere. I had been kind of depressed at times before that but one day in May I just started having intense suicidal thoughts. It was a tough summer that included 2 hospitalizations and 5 doctors. I was dong pretty well for about two weeks around Christmas for the first time since it started. I was so hopeful that I was finally starting to feel better, But then on new years I started feeling really bad again. I feel so crappy for feeling bad because my problems are NOT bad. I have a good life, a life people would be jealous of. I have absolutely no reason to be depressed. I'm just an ungrateful bitch. 

On Monday and Wednesday of next week I have preliminary exams. They are major exams that I have to pass in order to continue in the graduate program I am in. I was planning on studying all winter break for them, but I slept all winter break instead. I know there is no chance of passing them. There is nothing else I am willing to do with my life except for be a mathematician and I can't be a mathmatician unless I finish my Ph.D program.
 
I tried to call my therapist on January 2nd to schedule an appointment. She called me last night to tell me that her assistant was out this week but she had received my message and would call me tomorrow to schedule an appointment. I was clutching to my phone all day long she never called. I can't ever pay people to help me. It makes me think of the Summer when I was seeing the university doctors and then they refused to see me anymore. My doctors don't care, my family doesn't care. I'm just a selfish awful person. I tild my boyfirend (long distance) that I was feeling really depressed and now I'm super paranoid that he will call the police on me again. He already has done it twice in the summer and it makes me feel like I can't relie on him for support. And I've been trying to drink my depression away today so I'm feeling extra unstable right now. If you actually read this I'm really sorry for wasting your time. I feel terrible because I don't have any reason to be depressed/. Some of the posts I've read are from people whop actually have a reason to be depressed but I don't. I'm just a whiny bitch. I'm sorry. I just want to not be depressed anymore any way it takes. I'm planning on crashing my car at a high rate of speed so that my family can tell everyone I just died in a car crash and won't have the embarrassment of saying I committed suicide. 