This is the end of the line, here is my perspective.First of all, why am I here? I've made a decision. 

I just want to tell you thanks for the time you are about to give, and I apologize if things don't make sense. 

Everyone has a story and everyone has their ways of dealing it. There is nobody without one, with that in mind I am to present too you my case. It's quite simple, life has been rough, life gave me choices and everything I needed to survive. However life never gave happiness.. that's all left to your own mindset. You make the world around you basically. Happiness is a lie first of all in my perspective. Its straight BS. What is happiness without pain or the presence of it? See, misery is a constant and never changing state that will always be there waiting for you to return too it after you fall of your high. See. I live my life accepting misery and embracing the emotions associated with it. So you ask Why? Why don't you just be normal and bring yourself up? Be positive. Positivity is bs. Some notion that thinking being happy... makes you happy. That you should look around and see who you cares about you, the things too be thankful for, the life that eagerly waits for you to grab and seize it. The truth is, forget all that. The only things you can count on is your upcoming pain and misery. The constant that never changes. The  positivity you built lying to yourself created an empire waiting to crumble down and plunge you back into where you belong which is in the arms of misery, a familiar and comforting place that never ever leaves. Bringing yourself to embrace that place is ironically a peace unmatched by any happiness you can conjure up for yourself. 
Misery is your only friend that will never leave or forsake you and when you start away it will always be there with open arms, ready for you to just let go of whatever you're going through. Gives you the ability to embrace your pains, regrets, anger, sadness, resentment, the past present and future. You just have to take the plunge and accept that happiness is an unattainable creation that your mind conjured up to suppress the reality of what you feel. 
However, the one downside of going down this path is that eventually it engulfs your being and sends your soul into such an abyss that it really can't be reached. It becomes the only thing you know and live by. 
Thus, it is not surrendering because life is tough, it's simply accepting how things are and letting go. If you live in the abyss, you can die by it and know everything will be ok. The notion to lay to rest easy is more comforting than a conjured up figment of imagination. 

Once again, I apologize if nothing made sense.  
I have made a decision and I plan to follow through even if it brings me to doing the unimaginable too attain comfort I believe I need. 