Idk what it's like to be a part of societyI never accomplished anything in my life. There is nothing to my name. I don't have a future. And my health is getting even worse. Before, it was only my feet that would turn black and blue with white toenails out of nowhere. But now it's getting to my hands, too. And I've got that dumb cyst in my right hand, which makes drawing even more difficult. I can't even stand upright, cause my feet, neck and spine are too weak to carry me. I probably won't be able to go to school again. I can't even buy groceries on my own. Or do anything, really. Even just talking, and touching things hurts my body.              

 Idk how I'm supposed to integrate into this world, if I can't even use my body to live. Having any sort of relationship sounds exhausting. I'm not even a good person to be around. Nobody wants to talk to me anyways, so. I really just want to draw more. Idk what else I will do. I don't even know if my health is going to get worse to the point of death. Maybe I'm just being a bit of a hypochondriac. But then again, I did almost die from a rare disease at 15. Guess my health was never really good to begin with.                

Doctors don't really care about me, maybe cause my family's poor, maybe because they don't want to look deeper into it, who knows. I honestly don't want anyone to remember me after I die. What's the point? With the way that I ended up presenting myself, I'd rather want all those memories erased from this world forever. I didn't even get to live a somewhat peaceful and authentic life until recently. Everything before that was kind of a waste, really.        

It wasn't who I wanted to be, or should have been, and thinking about those times makes my toes curl. And I also hate getting flashbacks of an old man calling me onto his lap, while my mom defends him in court. I'm not saying this for the pity party, I really just don't want any more of those kinds of memories. I wanted to learn french or italian, but there's no room in my head for that, if everything's full of abuse. I wish I could be an android, then time would me mine, and I could simply delete everything that I don't need. Or block it at least, idk. Also, I don't like sleep anymore. I wish I never had to sleep again. I would have even more time, then.             

If I can't even life on my own, and if I don't know how to integrate into this society, then what's the point? I'm useless. But yeah, life's my responsibility. As long as that responsibility stays within my room, I can manage. But I sure can't be responsible for everything that I'm not capapble of achieving, now can I?