Dont want him to think it was his fault.hi, I am really desperate to die tonight. Things have just gotten too bad and I live in fear. I am tired of it no matter what I do I will always be under this awful blanket of terror. My mother is an abuser, and I've come to terms with it. she told me today she feels absolutely no empathy, no remorse, nothing for ANYTHING. she said it while she was laughing and then told me to go fuck off . She just constantly spits in my face and invades my space and treats me like I am subhuman, she will never let me go and i am too stupidly dependent on her to ever hope of life outside. i don't even have my fucking drivers license and i am 19. the horrible terror she makes me feel on top of all the depression is just too much, even at college she threatens to "show up and make a scene" because she wants me gone but not for *too* long. she always says people to who commit suicide go to hell. i dont fucking care anymore i just want this nightmare of a life to end. if i go to hell so be it, as long as shes not there. 
to the point, a guy i was seeing since like december is abroad this term. i love him a lot, idk if he loves me back, or just thinks of us as Fwb or something honestly I dont care because I would do anything for him and I love him so much, he is really the only reason i made it this far, he gave me a lot of reason to believe in life. He is so level headed and he might not love me but i am hopelessly devoted to him. i already wrote him a note saying none of this was his fault but i am terrified he will think he played some part in it for some really dumb reason like he was teasing me today about some mundane thing but i love him so much and he had nothing to do with why i would commit suicide. i dont know whether to write it all out about the abuse so someone KNOWS why it happened or if that would just make me seem like a stupid brat like i am. i dont know. i just want him to know it wasnt his fault but i dont want to go outright and say it to him while i am alive because then he might realize i am planning on dying and that would just make everything so much worse. 