What’s wrong with me?(22F)When I was 15 years old, this man named Jake, who was 18 took advantage of me when I was blacked at a party. I didn't know anyone there, and they had brought me it was all seniors and college kids. I had five shots of vodka. One of them told me were leaving to have sex I was so drunk and confused. I just said yes and left. They took me to a different house and had me more alcohol. They told me to take off my clothes, and I did.


They got naked and told me to suck their dicks. They were 18 and 19. They tried to take photos of me. I told them to stop. One of them put me on a bed and penetrated me I bled, and I said it hurt they finished. The next day they told all their friends they called me weird, gross, disgusting, ugly and a whore. I felt so ashamed and like damaged goods for a long time. It was my fault because I said yes. They said they thought I wanted it and thought it was okay because they heard rumors I like having sex with multiple guys. I was bullied a lot in high school, and slut rumors were spread of me.

Before all that happened, he was helpful to me and would hang out with me after he would only have sex with me if he was drunk and ignore me the rest of the time. He would never want to talk to me only about sex.



He left for the military over the years he kept in contact with me and saw me when he came home sometimes. He would only want to talk to me about sex or photos. He cheated on his girlfriend with me (I didn't know they were dating). He would have sex with me and ignore me. I went on vacation once, and my phone broke. He sent me at least 30 messages and was mad I didn't respond. He always implied that I was attractive enough to fuck but not date. He told me he sleeps with a lot of other women he's hooked up with a lot of girls from our highschool.


Two years ago he had a girlfriend I moved states and was trying to move on with my life. He texted me I didn't know he had a girlfriend, but when he told me, I stopped all contact except for saying I don't feel comfortable talking to him with a girlfriend. For weeks he asked me why I was ignoring him and asking if he broke up with his girlfriend if wed be cool again. I ignored he broke up with his girlfriend I kept ignoring. He started sending old pics of me of us hooking up. It's pictured he started taking of me without asking of me giving him head I'm a teenager. He’ll send them to me sometimes saying ”don't you miss this”


I kept ignoring he got a new girlfriend.  Now it's been four years since I've seen him. He started messaging me, telling me he misses me so much that I'm beautiful and he wants to me again. At first, he was acting like he was apologizing for harassing me and asking to leave things on good terms. I've known him for six years and just wanted things to be normal then he started coming on to me. I just went off. I called him a rapist, a coward, waste of space, awful person. I said a lot of peoples lives would be better if he were just gone that I wish I never met him that he's a sociopath.

He said he was going to block me, so I stopped assuming he would stop messaging me. He lives with his girlfriend they've been together for almost two years. Now it's been three months I blocked his number, but he's been trying to email me. I blocked email it still shows up in spam. He says hey and asks if I'm going to freak out on him again. I keep ignoring. Today he sent me another email saying hey.


Why won't this person leave me alone? I said the meanest things I could think of to him why not cheat with someone else? Should I look into taking legal action, or am I overdramatic?