Can't get over herIt's almost been 2 years now and still the fact she left me makes me feel so shitty about myself. I regret being the person I was and letting her go. This alone makes everything in my life so much difficult. I thought by now I would've moved on and not constantly want her back but the truth is she made my life bearable sheen flourishing after leaving me and I'm on the edge of life. I can't even book a doctors or dentist appointment because I don't know why I just don't have the energy motivation anymore. People always love to say it gets better but it's all lies to shit you up. Life is getting shitter and shitter as days go by. I mentioned to my Asian parents yday that I probs won't be getting married and they flipped out saying you care more about your ex than about us. I'm a fucked up person and absolute defect and a shit product of my environment. I see no good future because I'm pressured to be someone or something from my parents and I still have crippling depression that no one understands and don't know how long it'll be there. There is no way I will find someone especially of Asian background to fall in love with in this state and I honestly can't be arsed with arranged marriage. I fucking hate my life enough I want something to go my way. I want to move out of the UK and start a whole new life somewhere else away from everyone who knows me here. Please help I can't function as a human anymore. I don't shower for a week sometimes and I don't even know why besides it just feels to big of a task. I feel like a 24 year old child and I fucking hate myself but can't kill myself. Wish someone would kill me.

In my heart and soul I feel only ah e can reignite the flame in me to get myself back to me. That doesn't seem likely anymore it's been so long and she never looked back, never once popped up and good on her for sticking to it. It really hurts everytime I think about it and makes everything else that shitty in my life feel 1000000 times unbearable.