I'm 21, I'm told I have my life ahead of me but I already feel dead.OK, backstory time I guess. Sorry for the wall of text I'll break it up. This post is really just for me to have a reference of everything that's happened. If you want to read a depressing  short novel be my guest. If you want to ask questions or comment go ahead I'm not sure when I'll get back to this. 

I passed highschool wanting to go into art or graphic design. I went into a one year art certificate program only to realize I'm mediocre in comparison to the average, and failed because I easily become depressed and lack motivation, on top of a two hour commute and late hours and a job. I hid the fact I failed because I had just gotten comfortable in my job and was given full time summer hours so I told myself I could somehow pay it off and do something else before my parents found out. Instead I spent all my time at work or getting high (just now starting to experiment), and ended up spending all my money on drugs and gas. 

So of course my parents find out and do thier usual bitch fit about how I have to finish school and I have to have a college education, so they pretty much force me into taking a business course at a closer school because they have thier own agenda. My loans are deferred if I'm currently in school, and my parents have work benefits that only apply to me if I'm in school.

I had absolutely no motivation going into this course and it only got worse once I realized I was the minority on the campus. The majority (and I mean 80%) of students are from India, and like they still have a caste system only talk in thier language and cheat all the time. I was in a course I didn't care about with people from another country who won't associate with me. Try not failing a course when you have no-one to talk to or do work together.

So of course I literally just gave up and stopped going to class. I spent my time getting high and spending the rest of my work money. So of course work turns south. 

I work in the largest recreation center in the city, and they hold themselves to a high standard (while paying me minimum wage). I became the person everyone shit on because I am antisocial and not very talkative. People began talking behind my back and one day I had came in late, someone made up a story that while rushing I punched the fridge in the staff room. I was immedtiately dismissed from work with no evidence or recourse from the accuser (who they never diclosed). They were more concerned with preserving thier image rather then treating me like a person. After a few weeks and having to go to meetings with my managers they decided to want to move me to another building farther away even though my parents decided they wanted to move. So I just stopped answering thier calls and dropped off the map as it were. No-one knew where I went or what I did, not like they cared. I still get recurring thoughts of strangling my boss for taking away the one escape I had of work.

So now I'm out of a job, hiding the fact I failed school and unsure when I'm supposed to be moving to somewhere new. 
I figure, fuck it. I'm just going to use up the rest of my money and kill myself.

I spend the next few weeks getting completely shitfaced during the day and avoiding my parents when they come home. I had never bonded with my dad after my teenage years and come home one day to find he's bought another motorcycle, our only shared passion. He already had two and this one looked like shit in comparison but he had bought it for me. I felt terrible but I couldn't even show why. I spent the next few weeks getting it running having no mechanical experience, and once I did, I figured I payed my debt for being a shit son and ran away just before they got home and left a note saying what had happened and that I was a complete failure. 


My dad called the cops to come search for me and they found me when I was on my way back to the house after I had spoken to a friend. These fucking hired thugs said to me that once they find me they "have" to bring me back home so if i try to walk away from them it gives them the right to assault me and throw me in a cop car. So of course I comply. I get back to my house to see 3 (4 including the one I was riding in) cop cars in front of my house. Great fucking use of tax money right there. One cop looking and five sitting around the house doing fuck all. My dad even let them search my room to find my "phone bill" so they could ping my phone (what a nice police state we live in). Too bad i have online billing and no drugs for them to find.

They asked me if I was okay to stay home and I said I wasn't sure, which is the same as saying no so they were again "obligated" to bring me to the hospital for evaluation. Having to ride handcuffed in a cop car for suicide with everyone trying to look in on you is the most frustrating feeling in the world. Once I got to the hospital I had to be escorted through each area by two cops, which made me look like I was a serial killer. 

In a waiting room I was sitting with 5 cops and another handcuffed man who appeared drunk and on coke and he wouldn't stop talking. I wasn't paying attention until he mentioned that at least he's honest, it's the silent one over there with no cuffs on you should worry about (meaning me). A few of the cops smirked and looked over, I smiled and said he's right. Which made them all laugh and broke the tension.

&gt;&gt;&gt;EDIT: I forgot to mention I cut myself a tattoo, since I figured I wouldn't have it long anyways. It's faded away now, and I still wish it was more visible. (I managed to convince cops it was ink on needlepoint and not cuts)  http://grey600.deviantart.com/art/Tron-tattoo-289040163?q=gallery%3Agrey600&amp;qo=0

(this next part is a rant I wrote on fb I'm just copy pasting because I'm lazy)
I follow what they told me to go to college right out of high school because I "needed" to, that it's not a choice.
And when I fail it's my fault that I "chose" to go.
I say I want to work, to figure things out. WELL THAT'S NOT FUCKING GOOD ENOUGH YOU NEED TO GO FINISH SCHOOL SO YOU BETTER FUCKING PICK SOMETHING QUICK BEFORE ADMISSIONS ARE OVER.
alright then, I've just take some business course I didn't even want to do because you pushed me to do it.
GUess what? I fucking fail because I have no motivation, I get no communication because everyone in my class is a fucking racist high class paki who cheats and steals because when you speak another language you get away with it.

well that's no fucking excuse you "chose" to go even though you said you wanted to work.
Guess what? your dad has some connection where he works so that's how you work. And when they all turn on you for being different you lose your job because other people talk shit about you.

Great. I'm depressed. In debt. Followed everything I was told and I'm a fucking waste of space.
Well guess  what. I'm just going to let my bank account drop  to zero then I'm going to run away and kill myself so you fucking assholes learn your lesson.

Oh now that I want to die your all concerned and sorry that I did EVERYTHING YOU FUCKING TOLD ME TO DO. FUCK YOU.

I go get admitted, yet again, by referral. spend a few days there wasting my  time only to have to stay there a few weeks because this FUCKING PAKI DOCTOR KEEPS THREATENING ME WITH A MENTAL PRISON SENTENCE IF I TRY TO DISHCARGE MYSELF. FUCK YOU BITCH. I WOULD'VE FUCKING PUNCHED YOU IN THE FACE IF MY FUCKING FREEDOM DIDN'T DEPEND ON IT.
SO i stay there for three fucking weeks. only to spend the next three fucking months waiting for a referral to some "help" program. guess WHO fucked up the refferal? THE SAME FUCKING PAKI THREATENING ME! THE SYSTEM IS A FUCKING JOKE. NOW I WANNA GO BACK AND PUNCH HER IN HER FUCKING LYING THROAT.

YAY i get to go to some "help" program and waste another two fucking months there being told I HAVE TO take medication and I HAVE TO accept thier teachings like it's the fucking bible of mental health. 


At this point it's been almost 6 months since I ran away, and my parents are selling the house. I pretty much thier slave packing everything and prepping everything for the move. During one evening I decide I want to go out on a drive and smoke weed. 

So I smoke and start driving around, only to come to a police car blocking the road. They stop me and say they smell weed and if I just hand it over they'll let me go (SURPRISE SURPRISE COPS LIE). They just use that as an excuse for probable cause so they can search the car even though I just fucking handed them what I had. So the put me under arrest and search the car. After looking back I know they were sitting there looking for someone else and I just happened to be in wrong place wrong time, not like they gave a shit I was a free quota point. They search the car and take down personal info. Another cop comes and asked me all this random shit like if I have a job and where I go to school. I just told him straight up I failed school and don't have a job and I was just in the hospital for suicide. He did not give one shit he was just looking for information. They started quesitoning me how I got the weed and what I was doing there I just made up some bullshit on the spot how I walked up to some random and got it and that I don't have any friends. They finally get thier head out of thier asses and "let me leave". 

So now I'm unsure as to what really happened. am I charged with anything? yeah, possession probably. So now I have a criminal record, no job, in debt, no school, about to move.

I feel even worse then I did before. Now I really just want to kill myself. I can't get to sleep at night. I always play out the situation over and over like I could have done anything differently (yeah not be a fucking dumbass and drive around with weed aimlessly).

I never told anyone what happened but I'm shit out of luck if I have to get a background check looking for a job. 

So my parents finally buy a house in the end of september and we move to another city just before winter. I really have no motivation for anything and I'm in a new place with no friends or work and no real way to travel so i'm stuck in the house. 

I'm really just left to my own devices which is never good because I do nothing but get drunk and apply for jobs. 

It's been three months coming on four now since I moved. I haven't met anybody, no job, no life. I really don't feel like myself, or a person anymore. I just feel like a ghost.

It always pissed me off that the psychiatrists and professionals I saw were all over 50 and all kept referring to how much time I have, and how I still have my life ahead of me. What's the point? Yeah, I have my whole life to be even more of a failure and never get anywhere in life. My old friends from high school are finishing college and have cars and living by themselves and I feel like I haven't changed at all. 

At this point I'm just waiting out to see if something will happen. All I have to look forward to is getting a minimum wage job alongside teenagers who are better off then me.

All I can think about is how I was actually happy as a teenager and how I had something to live for. 

Now the only reason I don't kill myself is because my parents, and the fact I don't want to kill myself, I just hate my life. 
There are people worse off then me who don't have parents, or people that care and want them, but it's gotten to the point where I just don't want to live anymore. I missed my chance during my teen years and now that it's gone the rest of my life has turned to shit. Just to get back where I was 4 years ago I would have to spend another 4 years. I'll be 30 before I have anything to call my own. I'll be over thirty before I'll have a decent job, or be able to move out, or be self sufficient. 



Just think about the fact that my 20's are over before they even start makes me want to cry. I'm 21 and feel like I'm a trapped, I feel like i'm in a hole I can't dig out of. I could get a job and go back to school but big whoop dee shit I'll probably fail again or if I do finally manage to get a diploma or degree I'll just be in debt on the job search again, not better off then before, just with a $40,000 peice of paper to my name with a criminal record.

21, knowing I won't be better off when I'm 30. I know it's just rambling now but how the fuck am I supposed to feel? Because I feel dead. 


