I just don't care anymore. I feel hollow.I'm done. My life really isn't good enough to continue, so why do so? I'm only a burden and would be doing everyone a favor by getting rid of myself.

About to go into my senior year of high school. Everyone brags about how these are supposed to be the best years of my life, but really, they've been the worst by far. All summer long, I've just sat at home, isolated, because I honestly can't think of a reason to get out of bed anymore.

I fucking hate where I live. The fucking Bible Belt, fucking southern Illinois. It's like America's infected, herniated ballsack. Of course, I'm the only atheist around here, the only non-Christian around here, which only leads to further ostracism. No one wants to risk their soul by being nice to the God damned atheist. As you may have guessed by my ability to use Reddit, I'm also of the "computer savvy" type, so that's funny too.

My home life is awful. It's just my mom and stepdad and siblings screaming at each other of stupid shit. Nonstop. That's all it is, and there's nowhere else for me to go except to put on my old, broken headphones and crank the Daft Punk up to 11 in a futile effort to cheer myself up.

I have one, maybe two, friends. I used to think I had more, but I got betrayed something terrible. So now I'm down to one or two that I never see, just text occasionally. 

This makes school even worse. I try and be nice to everyone, try and set a good example, try and show people I'm not some kind of fucking monster, but everyone walks all over me and spits in my face. I tried walling myself in and cutting myself off from the world, and it kept me from a lot of the pain, but damn if it doesn't hurt. I'm also in the "advanced" track, if you can even call it that, so of course there's the pressure of getting into a great college and going out to change the world.

I won't make it. I know I won't. I never liked sports, so that's 95% of the extracurriculars down. The others include band (no), what is essentially IRL SuicideWatch (irony), an organization whereby upperclassmen are whored out to freshman (no), and the environmental club, which is just bullshit. We even have a dedicated "team" of people to go to all of our sports games and pray for victory. I *am* a member of the Beta Club, but who cares about that? 

I can't get a job. I am presumably qualified to work part-time minimum wage jobs at Barnes &amp; Noble, McDonald's, Kroger, Best Buy or PetCo, but who the hell is going to hire a 17 year-old with no job experience in this economy?

I almost always feel sick or hurt in some way (lately I've had really bad chest pain), but my mom always says I'm just faking it to get attention or to get out of work. Fuck that. Sometimes it gets so bad I don't even want to breath, but whenever we go to the doctor there's nothing to report. It's just a waste of money.

I've been diagnosed with depression before, and had to take a lot of Zoloft. Doc said I needed psychotherapy, to talk to a shrink, but that's too expensive for my family to afford. I acted like it helped, but really most of the happiness was only a skin-deep mask so that people would stop worrying. I used to just be so consumed by misery and doubt that I couldn't lift a finger without bursting into tears, but the way I feel now is totally different.

I just feel so hollow. I absolutely don't care about anything. I eat maybe one meal a day, drink a soda or something, get maybe four hours of sleep. I'm losing weight, and I was underweight to begin with. I can actually feel myself deteriorating, but I don't care anymore. I've lost interest in all the things I used to be interested in, abandoned all the burgeoning summer projects I had planned (I've accomplished nothing all summer). I'm detached, apathetic.

Unlike my last depression, where I was manic and emotional, I feel so rational and in control right now. Suicide just seems *correct.*

So why even continue? What do I have to live for right now? Nothing. No one. My future will be shit. Why force that on everyone else? I'm just going to continue to grow into some terrible parasite, why not just end it right here?