Social AnxietyI'm 19 years old and I've had social anxiety disorder in 6 years. It all  started in secondary school. I've always been afraid of being judged. I didn't practice to any test in all these years. It kept the pressure away, yet I still got decent grades. Before every presentation, standing in front of the whole class I was dying inside. Just getting over with that was a big relief. I was scared weeks before a presentation thinking the worst. It might last for 2 minutes, but that didn't stop me worrying. I also never ate anything at school, the judging...

I finished school, I'm and apprentice/trainee whatever it is in english. I'm working a lot, earning a lot of money. At average 2000-2500 euros a month. But instead of being outside drinking my depressions away, I gamble all my money. And it gets even more depressing and everything. I'm not concerned about my gambling. I know I can handle it if I cared about life. I have no joy in life. 2-3 friends, but mostly chatting. I usually decline every time they want to do something social outside.

I'm scared of step outside my house. Just going to the store kill me inside. My parents just thinks I'm shy, of course I usually just hide on my room. I'm even to scared to take the driver license. I know I can drive a car, I've practised with my father. But I want to avoid the exam, sitting in the car with another man's judgement. Wow, I'm to scared to even think of it. 

And I'm still not fully educated to my job, I will probably fail the qualifying examination and then what? My social anxiety is too strong for me, I'm bored all the time. I don't care about my money. I want a life. Probably I will kill myself before the examination next year. I would be dead already if it wasn't for my dog. Surely my best friend. I find no light, I've so many problems. Anxiety, depressions whatever. Probably more names to my problems that I can't name. I know I need help, but I'm to scared to ask. I'm lost. My life is all about working hard in my job, sleep and gamble. Wow what a life. If I can't step outside without being scared, whats even the point of being alive?

And sorry for my english, I know it's shit.