A life full of depression, abuse, regrets, and addiction.Hi all. I'm feeling rather more hopeless than usual this morning. I may be  a bit older than most of you, 27 male. I don't even know what to say in this thing really. I tried going to a few therapists, medications, etc. It's hard when you don't have insurance and are as broke as I am. None of it really worked though. I really couldn't open up to the therapists I guess. The wall I've built up around myself is so gigantic...I guess it's from all the past abuse I've suffered. I just can't let anyone in. 

I've been battling depression since I can remember basically. Probably 12 or 13. Was picked on a lot in school, murdered my self esteem for what seems to have been the rest of my life. That's why I can't let anyone in. I put on this big fake act like I'm alright in front of everyone I know. Nobody knows the real me. Well..maybe one or two do. They abandoned me though. 

Most people my age are getting married/having babies, all that fun stuff. What do I have? I don't have anything to live for. I'm pretty forever alone. I had one girl that I really did love but she left me, haven't spoken to her in a year. Don't think I'm ever going to truly get over her. She knew me and loved me for who I am. Where else am I gonna find that? We were both fucked up and accepted each other for who we were...I'm sure she has a new guy now. That fucking eats at me pretty bad....

And then there's the drinking. Anything I can get my hands on... beer, wine, rum. tequila, everyday all day. I just want to forget everything so bad. I want to forget this constant sinking feeling in my chest. I want to forget my ex. I want to forget my life, my failings. I'm just in so much pain. 

I realize as I get older my life is just going to get worse. I'm never going to find someone to share my life with. Let's be honest, who the hell would wanna be part of this? I don't blame them. I'm just tired of being so alone all the time. So alone..so miserable..so hungover....I just want it to end so bad :( I want to be free of this. I've tried therapy, I've tried to stop drinking, I've tried working out, studying hard, etc. But at the end of the day, after I did all that non-destructive good stuff, I lay alone in my bed at night, and in comes the thoughts. My brain will just not shut the fuck up. Lots of bad memories...regrets. Then I need to drink. It's a viscous cycle. 

I've been contemplating hanging myself. I don't own a gun and ODing isn't guaranteed to work obviously. I actually went out and got some rope the other night. Let me tell you how comforting it is to just have that rope in my room. Knowing there is a way out right there. It's just there, waiting for me. Freedom is right there. All I gotta do is stop being a pussy and get it over with. 