The “tether” that keeps me from killing myself still exists, but I can feel it growing weaker and weakerI’ve been suicidally depressed for eight years now. I tried once, seven years ago, and seeing what my parents had to go through after that whole ordeal, I vowed to myself and to them that I’d never do anything like that again. I am not living for myself. The only reason I am still alive is because I cannot in good conscience do that to my parents. Once they both pass away though, I am for sure gone. 

I know I have a couple friends and family members who would be hurt as well by my suicide, but despite knowing that it would likely be scarring and traumatic for them, my internal justification is that “at least it isn’t as bad as a parent losing a child.” To put it bluntly (and make me sound like an asshole), I can live with hurting friends and extended family via death if it means I can finally stop suffering. Okay, maybe “I can live with” is a poor choice of words. 

However, even though I still obviously do not want to put my parents through the hell that is their child committing suicide, I can feel myself getting weaker. Things keep getting worse, I am getting exhausted from feeling like shit all the fucking time, and it is becoming unbearable. I have no friends that I could comfortably reach out to and talk to, I sure as hell don’t want to talk to my parents, and my therapist is practically MIA since I can’t ever see her anymore with the long hours I’ve been working. Haven’t seen my therapist in a couple months, which, coming from weekly visits, is certainly not doing me any favors. 

I don’t really know why I’m posting here. Maybe just to vent some more because I don’t have anyone to actually vent to. All I know is I am fucking miserable, want to die, and am getting closer to fully justifying my premature death. The pain I am constantly in is close to being stronger than the desire I have to not hurt my parents in that way, if that makes any sense. 

I feel so alone. So tired. So fucking hopeless and sick of everything. The good times have never been worth all the bad, so that certainly isn’t enough to keep me going either. 

I so genuinely wish that I could die not by my hand. A freak accident, a health issue, anything that could kill me and I wouldn’t be responsible. It’s kind of sick really - my desire to not hurt my parents isn’t really empathy at all. It’s just guilt. Guilt that I would be at fault for causing them that pain. If they were pained by a death that was out of my control, that for some reason is good enough. Good god I’m a terrible human being. 

I do nearly everything in my power to try to help myself, and nothing ever works. Please just let me die. Anything, anyone, please...all I want is for it all to be over. 