Mom of 3 in an impossible to escape abusive relationship.There are days when it almost seems like suicide is my only way out of this hell.  My ex husband and I have three children together.  We divorced 4 years ago and then got back together after a year of separation. I'm a SAHM.  He has a high paying job. His family is well off. I have parents, but they can't help me.  I'm isolated at home 99% of my life.  I'm not "allowed" to have a car. He only started letting me drive last year and that's because we no longer live near his mother who he would have drive me to and from.  I'm not allowed to have a bank account.  He does nothing around the house and doesn't help with our children at home-he does his work from home and is only gone a few hours a week. I take care of all of the children's needs and appointments. All of the cleaning.  He has been physically abusive to our two oldest children and our dog. He has never hit me, but has raped me multiple times. During our divorce, he hired an expensive lawyer and ended up getting split custody(one week with me, one week with him, no one pays child support) He is especially abusive when he drinks.  He drinks a lot.  I feel like there is no way for me to get out of this. He said if I leave this time he's going to get full custody because I have nothing and he has everything.  I've tried to come up with ways to secretly open my own bank account, but when I am given money it always has to be accounted for.  

He buys himself expensive gadgets constantly, knowing we need groceries and I end up having to go to the local food bank.  My 2 year old daughter didn't have a coat or any warm clothes until today. I started asking for money to buy her clothes in October.  Since October he has purchased 2 guns at a total of $1400.


While we were separated, I loved life.  I felt alive.  I felt...human.  But I missed my kids terribly and got back together with him because he seemed like he had changed.

Now, remind me why I'm still here?

