I don’t know what to do anymore.I’m lost and I’ve turned here, I don’t know what I’m asking for, help? support? I don’t know anymore. I’m too much of a coward to kill myself, but I’m also too numb and lost to do anything else. I can’t get myself to do anything and I fucking hate myself for it. I just turned 18 and a senior in highschool, I was doing alright before, I was going to be in the top seats of my highschool, president of the honor society, until I got raped by another student at my highschool and my school pretty much ignored it and my life has gone pretty downhill from there, with my mother having immigration issues where she almost got deported and I had already had depression and self harmed since I was young from an abusive father and other issues,  I don’t know why I’m saying this I know I shouldn’t need to validate my sadness, but I just don’t understand why I haven’t been able to get better anymore . My mother always acts like this is all an act to get out of going to school and I don’t understand why I would purposely fuck up my life like this, I don’t want to be like this. I had a suicide attempt in September and since then, I feel like things have only gotten worse. I don’t know what to do anymore, I just want it all to end. I know there are things I need to do, like schoolwork and laundry and just life in general, but for the fucking life of me, I can’t get myself to do anything, I fucking hate myself. I don’t know what to do anymore, I just want to die I won’t amount to anything anymore so what is the point? I don’t really have friends, they’re all sick of me and are tired of me being depressed and missing school,. I don’t really know what I’m asking for, maybe just somewhere to rant. I feel like I’m just prolonging the inevitable and I should just let myself die already 
EDIT: I’ve been missing so much school, partly from the flu, partly from depression, and I’m scared I won’t even be able to pass some of my classes at this point (I’m still in AP classes even though I know they’ve been just adding onto my anxiety). I know I should care and be trying to fix my missinf work and do all my shit so I can graduate but I just feel so empty and numb 

 I’m lost and I don’t know what to do anymore, I feel like dying, but I’m too much of a coward to do it yet everyday I’m just messing up more and more. 