I can’t live like this anymore
Hi,
I know each one of u have your own struggles and problems but have u ever felt like enough is enough?! 
Basically from when I was born I have been constantly reminded that I am not good enough. My parents used to criticize me for being a complicated child and they have been comparing me with others throughout my entire life . Once I got into a professional dance school (13yo) , I was made fun of and got bullied for not being talented enough and not reaching their standards . The teachers were constantly reminding me that I was too short, not skinny enough, and claimed I wasn’t made to dance . They made me feel worthless in every possible way . I never got the chance to dance on stage (because they were afraid I would put the school in a bad position) and my parents told me I was a disappointment. That’s when I developed an eating disorder (at the age of 16) ... I was anorexic . Nobody cared about me, I had no friends, I was living by myself , the school only cared about me being skinny. I went through horrible times, constant pain and felt everyday worthless,dumb and a mistake . Recently, I have developed an other eating disorder: binge eating... I’m everyday eating my emotions and I simply cannot stop or control myself.
I‘m still in the dance school (18yo now) and still struggling with getting bullied by my colleagues for not having the right body type for a dancer . This year, I have finally opened up to my parents about my depression and about how I‘ve been treated by the school, to which they replied: „that’s all your fault because you are not working enough“ . I told them about how I wanted to attempt suicide because I cannot live like this anymore , but they claimed I only want attention... that’s when they got mad at me and stopped talking to me . 
Everything in my life is simply going downhill . I moved to a foreign country from a very young age to become a dancer, I didn’t finish 11th grade, so I could finish my dance school and here I am , in my last year of dance school not being able to get myself together for another 10 months . Right now, all I want is for it to STOP... to not have to go to sleep every night crying and to not have to wake up ever again .