If i had a gun, i'd kill 5 people and turn it to myself.My life was good, i wan an insecure kid with low self confidence but it was okay, i laugh and have fun most of the time. I had this neighbour that i started studying with since 7th grade. His mom made me an example for him. We were close friends, later he became a bully, (him and every other bully ill mention are much bigger than me cause i suffer from prolactinoma), so he hit me a lot, everytime, he made my way back home hell, especially when another friend (lives away from us in the same neighbourhood) started joining us when going to school and wheb coming back. They teamed up on me, one holds me and the other hits me, they have fun when they see me trying my best to get them off me or when im chased, i was too nice to realise that i should avoid them, i still saw them as friends. Later, 3 other friends started bullying me in the school.

Next year, bullying got worse, i tried my best to avoid all of them, i had a new best friend and we laughed a lot the whole time. I was still happy. But, there was this new girl in our class that i had crush on her (im cringing while writing this), long story short i confessed to her mid year and she said that im not enough (she liked big boys lmao) and made fun of me. Bit of sadness, moved on. But her rejection and the mean words she said to me are still in my head. She obviously would never accept me because she saw everyone bully me. 

9th grade. I became numb to bullying. 3 months in, became depressed and suicidal and left school. Had hope, believed that it will get better and wanted to get back to normal. 

Repeated the year in a private school, and now at 10th grade i left again. I didnt have problems with my classmates but i still have depression and i recently developped anxiety . Those 5 bastards are the reason of all of this. Im a hopeless guy now and i only left because why study when i have a plan to kill myself ? The suicide should've been done 3 months ago but corona ruined it.
If i was an american, id get a gun and kill these bullies and then myself, i hate them, they ruined my life. 
Im not looking for help, or to improve my life.