A love letter to youTo the beautiful you,

You are beautiful from the inside out.
You are an amazing person and you have greatness within you. You have a special uniqueness inside of you that no one else has. You were put on this earth for a reason and your times not up yet. 

I know this world we live in is strange and I know it’s hard to find the light among the darkness. But you are the light and you are all the light you need. There is a reason why you can see the darkness that others cannot. This is a gift and you are evolving. Don’t give up when you have come so far! Do not compare yourself to others we all have different paths to walk.

I reach out to you my friend and ask you to help change what is wrong in this world, through love. A simple act of kindness can warm another’s heart to duplicate another act of kindness. By sharing that beautiful light within you, we can light this world together.

Give everything you have, give your smile to a stranger, wave at the driver who stopped for you, give words of kindness, make someone laugh, we all have an excess of something that we can share. As we do this the light inside will grow brighter and we will ignite the light in others and through this we will help others overcome the darkness. 

You may think you have nothing, that your worthless and all the negative things you have come to believe and continue to tell yourself. But it’s simply not true, I don’t know you, but I know that you are special.

A few days ago I spent much of my time crying, this has been my worse year, and I just felt...empty. I have been fighting depression and anxiety for... my entire life. What I realised today is that I am free. A freedom from these invisible chains that have made me believe I was stuck beneath this glass ceiling. The chains that others told me I had and the chains I continued to tell myself I had. But today I cut the chains within my psyche, I will free myself and I will not allow the darkness that plagues another’s heart to effect the light within me.

I ask you to do the same.

YOU ARE FREE

If you are willing to clock out now then why not reach for your dreams? If you have nothing, then you have nothing holding you back. I hope you comprehend this as deeply as I do and I really hope that when you decide to end your life, rather than stoping the clock you choose to reset the clock and live the life you want to live. Recreate yourself, forgive yourself, move away if you need to, release the FEAR. You have one life and you can live it however YOU want. Don’t you worry about anyone else who try’s to hold you back or mould you into who they think you should be.

Because sometimes it’s not you, it’s just that you have been surrounded by assholes. Perhaps you were the asshole and you regret it and that’s why you have travelled this dark road. I get it, I honestly do. Press the reset button and live your life with the treasure of learnt lessons. It’s a big old world out there, if you have outgrown your childhood town then leave! You only have to go back if you want to. You are your own person. We all have options, search for your options and utilise opportunities as they arise.

Spread your wings and fly away to wherever you want to go. Because your still here, your not done yet, this is not your time. Help to recreate the world and save people from this ever expanding darkness that plagues the hearts and minds of innocent people.

Know that I mean this from the deepest part of my heart, and whoever you are and wherever you are. YOU are important and this world needs you, I need you and others needs you. I may not know who your true identity is but I hope that if one day I smile at a stranger that it might just be you smiling back at me. A you that is beyond happy, your light is shining bright and these dark days that you are currently experiencing was just all part of the journey of creating the true you, breaking free from the chains of who you thought you should be. Like a Phoenix rising from the ashes.

As I write this I answered my own question.

It’s not too late.

My heart is happy and it hasn’t been happy in a very long time, I deeply wish this for you.


I’m new to reddit but tomorrow I will delete this account when I wake up as I start a new day and cut the chains of negativity. I’m not sure if this will all delete with it so I’ll give it some time for  you to see it.

Good night and thank you for taking the time to read this, I hope it has at least a little bit of meaning. I know I’m a dreamer, but you know what, I really love that about myself.