I'm Weak, sensitive and worthless. I just want my pain to end.I really hate myself. Haven't ate today but I'm still frustrated at myself for eating last night... Good god I hate myself. No matter what I want to kill myself. I'm tired of feeling life, all I feel is pain. I don't want to feel any longer, I don't want a messed up future I want to end it now and end it with dignity but I don't know how. The only thing keeping me here isn't the fact I have a boyfriend that loves me and him and his family care a lot for me , I've become too selfish to the point the only reason I'm not killing myself is because I don't know a way to do it with 100% chance of death. 

I can't bear being in this world any longer... I couldn't care how sick I got because the pain of a psychical sickness is trivial compared to what I feel in my mind and I hate it. I always get told it'll get better and I have things to appreciate but I'm just too unappreciative and this doesn't take the pain away. 

I've been depressed for as much as my life as I can remember , had problem with ed since 11 and my anxiety has got increasingly worse over the past year even though it's been there for a few years now... I just feel like nothing can get better. I'm trapped where I am now. I'm trapped and I keep beating myself up because my parents make me feel so crap when they tell me about how I ruin their life and how being gay isn't a choice and I'm choosing to betray and hurt the family. I can't see myself the same way as my mother keeps telling me I'm this vile disgusting person and all my problems will continue to follow me as I always seek out sympathy and I enjoy it and I cause all my problems. 

I've always disliked myself but recently it's just getting too much ... The last year has been the worst year of my life. Yet things are better, I have a boyfriend and the bullying at my school is much less severe yet I feel worse ... Before my boyfriend , I didn't know what it is like for someone to love you, someone to hug you and someone to always care about you no matter what and not use your feelings against you. It's terrifying , I wish I could replace myself with a happier person. A person he deserves , so I could just remove myself from this life once and for all. 

 I'm just such a weak and sensitive worthless person... I constantly panic and hate myself. I've tried so hard to get better with exercise, Meditation , watching my died, Going outside , talking to people and had it thrown back in my face repeatedly by my psychologist and parents telling me I don't care and I don't try and I don't want to get better  ... I'm not sure I really want to go but I can't get out of feeling like this and the feeling only becomes more intense , I feel like it's more a question of when my suicide is rather than if it ever happens ... 