this is abysmal. i wish i knew which floor i was meant to get off at.it is nothing but a descent. i have tried to cry out. i have looked the people that love me the most in the eyes and said, i tried to kill myself. i look at them and i say that i still do. i know it isn’t on anybody else to save me. it just brings comfort to know that somebody would at least like to. i live every day in constant pain from medicine resistant migraines. i forget how to spell, how my mouth should make out words. half of my body goes heavy and numb. i wonder what it’s like to not be at war with your own flesh. my father molested me for a few years from when i was five to eight. my mother’s boyfriend tried to kill us with a knife. i suppose the cherry on top is the man she was married to for six years, that abused me in every way. maybe, the ice cream on the side can be the fact my mother knew. she knew and she let it happen. now, she’s as abusive as the men she loved. maybe when they were buried inside, the same evil seeped through in the most vulnerable moments. i have been clean from self harm for a year and roughly five months. i lost fifty pounds and suddenly i am the spokesperson for health. i don’t want to send the wrong message in saying i consumed no more than six hundred calories a day. i have tried so very hard to live. i have wrote as much as a child possibly could. i have exercised. i have tried hobbies. i’ve tried medicine. i’ve tried. i’ve tried to think happy thoughts. i’ve tried to come to terms with diagnoses like CPTSD. i’ve tried so very hard to live. i have lived through things that make death feel like what a good nights rest must be. 

the rest of this is for reference, in the event that i do finally commit to this. in a way, i hope that as i have tried to get better and failed, i will try to get worse and fail then as well. i don’t think i welcome suicide as a bed partner. i think it’s more like the migraines. it just takes me hostage. 

to cierra, i hope you aren’t burying these feelings deep inside as well. i know we’ve lost the people we love most to cancer, both of us so young. i hope you know that we are still yet different. there are things i can do that you cannot, and things you can do that i can’t. for all of the things i tried before this hour, i hope they work for you. you lost your mother, i share the sentiment. boys are incredibly silly. please don’t settle for one that wants your skin before your soul. i have found such a depth of beauty residing in it. 

to taylor, we are from a state where rich just means slightly less poor. i hope you let the kindness you hide free. it is liberating to tell the world you love it. it brought me closer to this peace. i hope you understand that being sensitive isn’t always bad. those who take advantage of it are. 

to my mother, sometimes i suck on my fingers to give me comfort. it is something that reminds me of before i was tarnished. i found a moment to breathe in something abnormal. please know, i don’t blame you for the abnormal hell that we fell victim to. i thought parents could do no wrong. i understand now that we are first only humans before we are mothers. maybe you didn’t know how to protect me. that is okay. i forgive you. i only hope you will learn how to protect yourself in the years to come instead. 

to bill, oh god. i miss you so severely. the only person to have never been angered with me. the only one that never hurt me. i’m sitting in your shower now as i write this. it smells like you. i don’t know if there’s an afterlife. for you, i pray there is. i want to see you again. to finally feel okay again in your arms. i never thought that you’d be the one i depended on most. since you died before me, i think it’s made it easier. i love you papaw. if you see me now, please look away for a moment. 

to my grandmother, you are why i held on for so long. my reason to live. my reason to stay. in a wrong way, i have bargained with myself that i’m allowed to die because you will follow suit in the next few years. that you are a strong woman, with many talents and many friends. i love you more than anything. 

to harini, i know you have moved. it is in my wishes you find out within the day it happens. you were my closest friend. there are complex emotions you have masked with teenage girlhood. please, let them breathe. give your lungs room to survive once more. i hope you know how much i loved you. i’m sorry that i won’t be around to give you confidence boosts before we compete in our events. please remember the words i’ve said. every last one of them were true. 

to haley, you are such a fool. i hope you get help. i hope you know it’s okay love boys and girls. i hope you know to never take back the girl that cheated on you. i hope that you never come to this moment, writing what i’m writing. i hope you learn your worth. you are, indefinitely, the taste of lemonade and fresh cut grass. you always left me with a funny feeling in my jaw. i am unsure if it’s because i was on nerve with the way you moved like water or because i loved you so. 

to katie, i was in love with you. i am as i write this. i hope you can grieve this loss and find someone even better to love. someone to raise kids with. all four like you want. and someone that will build you a house down to the last centimeter of your dream. i want you to know that i loved you so deeply that it left me nauseous. my veins are riddled with the incessant focus of you. i was afraid to let you love me when we first started. my fears came true. i hope this doesn’t hurt you. not too much. i think it’s best that i do this now rather than later. nipping it in the bud before it blooms into the next season. it drives me to ache to pull my teeth out when i think of how obsessive my mind has grown for you. 

to kennie, you fought so hard to keep me alive. you did a very good job. please find someone that will fight the same for you. 

to christian, you have an old soul with the mind of a fool. you’ve always made me smile, and drove me up a wall. for every time i swore i couldn’t stand you, god, please know i meant that i love you. 

to my siblings, i’m sorry that your father hurt you so badly in the way he hurt me. you three are wild flowers. please never stop chasing the next field, the next chance to prosper. 

to everyone that stares at my desk the day after it happens, i am sorry. i am sorry for the silence. i am sorry for the disturbance in schedule. i am sorry if it hurts you. i am sorry if it hurts someone you know. i am sorry for acting as the funny friend. please don’t say something about how happy i seemed. it has been heard so many times before. i will no longer be here, i’d like for you to check under every other friends smile. read just an inch too far into their jokes if you have the slightest bit of worry. being too safe means they may see the next fifty years. i just want everyone to be okay. 

so many people have taken everything out on me. i guess i just wanted to know if taking everything out on myself would bring me any peace either. 