I have failed the only people who care about me...  I'm a student in a foreign country(sorry about my poor writing), sucking off my parents salary, yet I have lost the motivation of studying long time ago.

  Back when I was in my hometown, I was an above-average student, never really paid much work into studying yet still got good grades. After I graduated, my parents decided to send me away for better opportunities, even though we never had that much money, but they said it's enough to put me through great education. For the first year things were working well, life of solitude was sweet. But it didn't help me with my real problems. Soon I lost motivation of studying, I was unable to read without getting distracted, writing essay became an impossible task for me. I could no longer listen to anything in class, everything I hear in the lectures sounded like murmuring. Now I am failing one of my subjects, which is new to me, and alarmingly dangerous. I do, however, have couple of excellent grades in other ones, but those are also the ones I have zero interest in. I suddenly realized what a f*ck up I am, my parents are burning their money on false hope.

  Maybe you are wondering why is this coward still out there disappointing his parents? Why not go back to where I came from and save my old folks some retirement money?

  The thing is, I can't. It would only make things worse. After a good amount of money and years spent out here, the chance of me getting back to my country and start over is nearly impossible, there is no way out by now. My parents were always so supportive to me in every way... Plus, their retirement is already ruined, I was their hope. You won't believe how sorry I am right now... The damage is done, and there's no way out. What's worse is that I am not the only one who's paying for my fault, I should never have dragged my loved ones into this mess... Why... 

  Now I am two essays behind, one presentation to make and another three major tests coming up. It's in the middle of the night, I know that I am not only screwed tomorrow, but I probably also screwed my family's future. I don't even have the courage to face my parents and tell them what's going on in my life. I also have no one to talk with.  I do not trust any consultant that is in my affordable range, they never helped before, and I don't believe they will.

  I have been thinking about taking the easy way out, even though it's weak, irrational and irresponsible to everyone. It wouldn't hurt me, it would be a relief to me; But it would, to the ones who actually care. I cannot think straight, I desperately need help, and this cry is the best I can do for now... 