want to die--venting--hoping someone will have some inputI am a 26yo female. I want to die so badly. Ever since college I have been severely depressed. I keep sticking things out, in hopes that things will improve, but life just gets harder for me. I have been sent to a psych ward twice and been arrested twice. I have had a series of extremely unstable relationships.

I know I am to blame but I really can't improve myself consistently. I also have a serious gambling problem thats put me in extreme debt. I have tried to control it for 2 years now but I see its no longer possible for me. I used to play poker professionally where I made very good money (+$300k yearly) but because my gambling issues with table games I blow everything. Now I feel it is nearly impossible to go get a regular job because I have no real experience and no real skills in the professional world. Plus, when I've had a job I could never maintain it more than a couple months max--I struggle with having a boss and the monotony of a 9-5 work schedule. When I talk to people who know me (usually ex boyfriends) they say I can have any job I want--I graduated from an ivy league school--but they don't understand Im not mentally able to have a traditional job. So, I am in massive debt with no way to get out. 

I have also tried stripping for about a total of 3 months, but couldn't really handle doing that and talking to drunk idiotic men. I made decent money but I would get frustrated when it was slow. Furthermore, it annoyed me how much money the club takes from all the girls between tipping out and house fees. 

The only times I am happy are when I am in a relationship. But I sabotage all of them and the person always leaves me. I am extremely needy. I tried killing myself a year ago (pills) when my ex unexpectedly disappeared from my life but was unsuccessful. I woke up in the ICU. Eventually we got back together but broke up several more times. Each time we broke up it killed me. He has a lot of emotional and mental problems as well but when we were together all my own pain went away.

I called him a month ago when I had a noose around my head for a few hours and he came over and spent two days with me. He left and said he would come back, but never did. He blocked my number. A week later I emailed him I wanted to die and he called the police who showed up at my apartment. Just yesterday I emailed him again and he has completely stopped talking to me. I asked him to just tell me to stop contacting him so I'm not waiting to hear from him and hoping he will talk on the phone, but he doesn't respond. Its very hurtful. I just wanted to get any message back--why won't he just tell me to go to hell? Or if he cares about me, why won't he call me on the phone when he knows I am suicidal?

The only reason I am still alive is because I have a puppy who I loved dearly. But because of my problems I am unable to give him the life I want for him. I feel guilty about this. He is the only thing that brings me joy.

I am living in shame and lies. I desperately want my ex back even though he was abusive and is very difficult to read (he says he loves me and promises he will help me get better but then will suddenly completely disappear and ignore my calls and block me). I have pushed many friends out of my life because I don't return calls or texts when Im depressed.

I have always had problems with interpersonal relationships and no matter how much I try, everything blows up eventually. I feel my life is completely hopeless. Does anyone out there have any input for me? I am in a hopeless place. I called a suicide hotline and it made me feel more hopeless after the call. 

I struggle now with simple tasks like getting food or leaving the house. Everything is a struggle. Sorry to ramble on and on but I hope maybe someone would say something helpful on here