My cry for help?I am writing this because I never told anyone about these 'struggles' I have. But lately I just need someone to hear me out and tell me that maybe, just maybe I'm doing what is right. That I am worthy and that maybe I am not so damn useless.

I am your average teen, I am getting ready to go to college and have been applying to universities but lately my emotions have been so out of control I don't know what to do anymore. Although undiagnosed I believe I have a certain degree of OCD or perfectionism problems that are eating me alive. I also believe I have anxiety and depression but I'll talk about those a bit later.

I was born blessed with family and friends that love and care for me, although I hate to say it myself I like to be as perfect as I can, I want to be modest and critical about myself so I usually deny it but I am told I am rather attractive, I am popular at my school with both my teachers as well as the students. I have a generally good head, I speak five languages, get good grades and although lacking I am quite talented with my hands (artistically). My goal is to be pleasant and nice to everyone; respect and acknowledge everyone fairly until proven wrong. I'd definitely go the extra mile for those who need me and I often think I give too much but get back little to nothing.

But here is the thing I am not satisfied with myself. I hate myself so much I don't know what to do. 

Why do I believe I have a perfectionism problem? Well I didn't know perfectionism could be negative adjective to attach to a subject until recently, when I came across an article on Pinterest. After reading it through I further googled the symptoms of perfectionism and it all somehow clicked. Since I was very little I always thought I was just odd and stuffy about myself but after reading the article it was as if it all made sense. I absolutely can't do stuff in front of people, I can't show I try hard. The more I like the activity the less I would let people know I struggle. I never study hard at school but I will pull all nighters studying. I will never practice the violin at home unless no one but me is there. I will always wake up extra early to go to the gym because I hate it if there are people there. And believe me I despise myself in every sense I can. I am never good enough and I hate that I can't love myself. I hate hating myself, I hate the me who can't love myself, I hate the me that can't cope with problems, I hate the me who cries, I hate the me who doesn't try harder, I hate the me who can't function like a normal human being. I go around life hearing people say stuff to me like "You always seem so put together, how do you do it? " or "I am so jealous of you, you have it all." and so on but honestly I just look "perfect" I am crumbling and breaking and I don't know what to do. I hate the me who isn't perfect. 

Much too often do I think of suicide, it is not something I recently thought of, I've been thinking about death since I was 13. I just want to close my eyes and not feel, just like sleeping forever. But I don't pull the trigger nor do I take that last step off the window of my apartment because I owe it all to my parents. I know they love me and so I can't selfishly die, I love them so so much I would never do anything to hurt them intentionally. They raised me so far and I can't die unless I leave them life support for when they really age and can't take care of themselves. I have a stupid sense of responsibility and unless I pay them back I can't die, but God do I wish I could. I dream of the world killing me, I would have had no choice since the car came speeding; I could do nothing since the wound from the gunshot was too deep, burglar, murder, intentional, unintentional it would not have been my choice, fate would have said my time had come and death would have taken me. Those are the day dreams I have. 

Is it weird to hate your life and yourself so much you want to end it all even though your life is good? 

I just hate how I try hard in a lot of aspects but nothing ever seems to go right. And that is going to be my tipping point. I am a hollow husk of a human, barely living life as a person. But God knows I try hard yet fate hates the crap out of me so nothing goes right. I speak, read and write fluently 5 languages but can only certify to 2 because I only have 2 documents that prove this, so universities don't really want me for my spec. I have applied and got all my documents sorted out but because the postal office is under inspection they don't arrive and thus the universities drop me. I try and try to be as cheerful as I can and as pleasant as possible with people even though I just want to sob my eyes out, but they all seem to take it for granted since according to them they have too many problems and I live a blessed happy carefree life. 

I am just tired. So, so so exhausted of it all. I just want someone who understands me even just a little and maybe tell me what can I do when nothing goes right?

Do I go left where nothing is right or right where nothing is left? 

It is messy and stupid. Maybe you who is reading this might think so too and I apologize. I myself don't really know how to organize my thoughts but mainly I want to say thank you for reading it all the way down here. I..... I... don't really know what to say. Thanks for listening to my messy half told story and I hope your life is filled with joy and that you may not have to feel these complicated stupid stupid feeling ever. Please be happy.