I can't take it anymore (15f)I can't take it anymore but can't end it either. not that I'm scared of death. I'm scared that I'll fail. 

my parents (mostly my mom cuz my dad rearly sees me) abuse me mentally, at least I think so. maybe I'm just a fucking angsty teen who's ungrateful towards her parents but either way it fucking hurts. bcuz my mom has a chronic illness she makes me and my twin brother chores. I mean it's not that big of a deal but like I have 9 classes everyday for 5 days +extra classes. I need some break too. 

my twin brother has better grades than me and the "equality" my parents gives us makes my heart flutter ☺/sarcasm. not long ago a mail sent to my mom about how I didn't attended a class and didn't done my homework which I did but turned in late and I even attended my class. and after online classes ended my mom slammed my door open and yelled at me "What the hell are you think you're doing? why didn't you attend your class and didn't done your homework!? " and I was panicking while trying to stay stable. after my mom slammedy door again to my face saying "think about what you have done I'm gonna talk with your father when he gets home" and after she closed my door I had a panic attack and thought "I should end it all rn" so I texted my friends that I can't take it anymore and stuff but in the end didn't do it. but when my mom gets an e mail that says your son did done his 4 or more (not sure) homeworks she didn't even get mad ahh yes ik I'm just the useless dumb one but you didn't bad to smear it to my face. my mom gets angry at everything I'm sure that she tries to find things to get mad over so she can yell at me. 

maybe like I said I'm just an ungrateful little bitch and my parents are right. if my parents are really good people then my death will be like a holiday for them no angsty teen with her nagging, no extra spending money, no extra work. either way my death would be better for everyone I know. I'm not even sure that my friends even still like me. I just annoy them but cuz I'm just a pitiful person they can't say that to my face. 

I also showing some symptoms of ptsd but cuz my parents won't let me to see a psychiatrist I don't know. 

I can't take doing the same things for everyday tame online classes, fantasize about death sleep, repeat. I can't afford to get stressed about school every single day. and i can't even understand anything. the feeling of numbness us worse than being suicidal. the void just grows and it's just the worst not being able to feel and having a void inside you. 



I've been cutting for a while and my plan is to go to the bathroom to take a shower and slit my wrists open in the bathtub but if I fail that'll make everything worse so if you have effective ways to do so please tell me I can't do this anymore. and please don't tell me it gets better or don't do it I never thought that I'll live past 20.