I hate myself.i'm a teenage guy. 

i'm reserved. i find it genuinely difficult to open up to most people. i don't think anyone in my life knows the full extent of what i feel. 

i love people. 

i want to love, and to feel loved. but i think i've lost the capability. 

i was in love once. 

  we met in the springtime and started flirting pretty quickly, and i started catching feelings early on. we'd stay up late every night talking. we never officially went on a date, our plans never fell through. she started seeing someone else without telling me.

 i was shattered. i stopped contact for awhile. eventually i decided i was okay to remain friends and we started talking regularly again. we quickly realized we still had feelings for each other. i was the better choice but she essentially didn't want to risk ruining reputation. i still don't know what it was that made me stay in what became such an emotionally toxic connection. maybe it was a long term lack of any meaningful connections in my life, or a deep emptiness that was forcing itself to be filled with anything it could muster. or maybe it was just love. i don't know which option i hate more. 

  she made me feel complete... i've never felt more rewarded talking to anyone else ever. i would plan my day around when i could see her. i wouldn't let her forget how beautiful she was for even a day.  she made me feel like less of a broken, neglected neurotic fuck. i failed math that semester because that was the class i had while she had a spare. it didn't fucking faze me. 

nothing did. 

not the fact that she had a boyfriend i was essentially helping her cheat on.

not the reality of how clearly destined this 'relationship' was to collapse in on itself like a dying star.

not any form of logic or comprehensible reason. i was fucking blind, man i can't explain it. i'm normally so intuitive. the tiniest social cues can make me lose sleep that night. why was this any different, why couldn't i access that part of my brain?

time went on. there came a time where every time we interacted i had a complete breakdown. pent up feelings of anger, regret, unfulfilled feelings would just spill out and i'd end up lying on my bathroom floor, staring at the ceiling and wondering why was i fucking like this. there was so much that had gone unsaid throughout our history. i wanted to tell her that she was making the wrong choice but held back because i didn't trust my instinct anymore. i told her that i can't do this anymore.

why did i fucking do this to myself? 

i've lost the ability to trust in anyone. it's been months and i haven't stopped thinking about it for one day. other girls have shown interest and i can't motivate myself to lift a finger. i fucking hate myself. i hate being alone yet possess no social skills or ability to be outgoing. i am ill equipped for this shit man. 

before i met her i was already strongly considering killing myself. i was drowning and what i thought was a life preserver turned out to be a cinder block tied around my ankle. how can i live with someone who is pathetic enough to let that happen to themselves? they say give it time, but i don't know how much time i have left in me. i have no job, no life, no more passion, everything just looks gray. 

i am not a person worth saving.

  i moved schools recently. it's a smaller, more supportive community. it was a combination of mental health issues and straight up painful memories. i've led a life full of self hatred, shallow connections, delusion, and all around self destructiveness. i found the one and fucked it up to the point of no return. even with this change of environment, i feel like it's getting worse and i'm gonna drown in myself. fuck this. 

i want out.