I'm at my breaking pointI've been suicidal for ages; my suicidal thoughts are so commonplace that I push them every day of my life. Like, I'll be making eggs or some shit, and out of the blue I start thinking about how I want to bash my brains out. I'm in therapy, I'm on meds, and I'm currently being psych tested right now to confirm that I have hypomanic bipolar disorder, which I'm fully convinced of. These factors somehow all makes my suicidal ideations even worse, because I'm aware that it's just my brain falling back into commonly used neural pathways, which form thoughts, of which my most common is "I want to die". The thing is, I still can't change it, which just fuels my cycle of helplessness and self loathing !

I've had an okay life. I'm adopted, but the only family member I'm close with is a cousin of mine. My family isn't rich, but we're not too poor either. Currently, I'm finishing my sophomore year in high school. School is usually a breeze for me, as I'm bright and enjoy learning, but this year has been hellish. I went from A's and a few B's to having an F in math. I can't do my homework. I understand it, but I can't concentrait on it long enough to do it (I'm also ADHD, which makes concentrating a bitch of a tadk). I miss school quite often as well due to therapy sessions and my mind numbing depressive episodes. My family and I don't get along very well, due to them being conservative christians and me being a buddhist and queer (technically a trans man, though I've only come out as bi). Being trans fucking blows, especially when you live in Kansas. I know that I will never achieve validation, which is why I haven't bothered to come out. My dysphoria and the majority of our societiy's views on being trans can really get to me some days.

Also, a big part of my current depressive state stems from the fact that my parents have decided to pay to send me to a private Catholic school next year. I'm not Catholic, practically everyone who attends there is a pretentious ass, and we barely scraped together the TEN GRAND it took to send me there. I'm deeply dedicated to my current school's performing arts department, and the one at my new private school objectively sucks ass. Also, my friend group at my home school is my support system, who I will be lost without.

There's also the fact that I've developed a crush on my friend Jacob, has a boyfriend already. He is also a senior as well, and has already graduated, which is irrelevant anyways because I'm also leaving. It's just a stupid crush that I know will go nowhere, but that still doesn't keep it from hurting.

God, I have a lot of shit going on, kudos to anyone who read all of my sob story. Instead of killing myself, which was my original plan a few days ago, I've decided to call a suicide hotline after school gets out for summer next week, and possibly check myself into a psych hospital. I came on SW to ask for words of encouragement or advice. Thank you all, I think I'm either going to go and get drunk or go to sleep.