Hopeless; helpless.I was suicidal pretty routinely for a couple years. Had therapist force me to destroy multiple suicide notes, lied through my teeth to avoid hospitalization, etc. I went on medication and upped my therapy game a bit earlier this year....and went the longest I've ever gone without planning my suicide. I felt fine, hopeful, started planning for... my future.

The problem is, part of my future plans involved working really hard at work, getting raised to the salary that I deserve (and the salary I know the company pays other employees in my position), and basically continually progressing towards being able to actually afford to have a family, to live in a place that has more than one fucking room, etc. 

The problem is after all of my hard work, I got a raise that barely covers my rent increase. I take home an extra $25 per paycheque. But I work harder than most anyone else. I pick up extra responsibilities, I pick up the slack of other people who are completely incompetent - yet somehow easily make at least $5k more than me every year. My manager basically confirmed that yes, I make less than most people, but no, I can't get a better raise, it's impossible. 

And now, I'm hopeless again. I had started to believe that there is hope, there is purpose in life, that if I try hard, it will actually MEAN something, but it fucking doesn't.

For the first time in 5 months last night...I thought SERIOUSLY about killing myself. The impulse to just get out of bed and do it was so strong. I'm scared that this is back. I don't know how to make it go away again, because I feel completely powerless and hopeless. Nothing I do fucking matters, why the FUCK do I work so hard to LIVE when everyone just FUCKS you for wanting to live? I make shit all. I work fucking hard, I quit another job to focus on this one, manager kept dangling the fucking carrot in front of me, but turns out there wasn't even a carrot there in the first place. 

I'm hopeless.

I feel helpless.

I don't know why I should keep going. The only thing that I was staying alive for over the last 5 months is a fucking lie, and doesn't exist. 