I'm still not even sure if I'm depressed or not but I'm thinking bout wanting to be dead.On my 4th different anti depressant all with negative side effects and nothing noticeably positive. The psychologist I was seeing said he doesn't think he can help me and then he said I'm a little shit and told my mom she shouldn't put up with me at all. My mother says she feels like I've never appreciated anything she has done for me ever. I was failing in college so I dropped out (after already going to all several different tutoring sources, I honestly was trying my hardest back then). The only job I had was mccdonalds for 2 months (was employee of the month once lol). now I'm $5k in debt because I don't see any reason to go on living, everyone in my life seems to absolutely hate me, and I have a lot of anxiety talking to people so meeting new people is gunna suck too, and work sucks too. I don't like video games or music much any more either. 

If I do it my mom says she will be really sad, but she also said I don't appreciate her at all, and she just generally doesn't like me.

My best friend would be sad, but he has a lot of other friends so he'd be fine, and we only really hang out maybe 1 time a year anyways, not much impact.

My brother steals from me so I don't really feel like that's a healthy relationship anyways.

My sister is pretty nice, but she lives over 1k miles away and we barely ever talk anyways. She generally says I'm an ass and the last time she was around she was threatening to call the police on me for some reason.

that's everyone in my life at this time basically.

Basically I have no obligations to anyone, I don't feel love from anyone in my life, they say that I'm terrible to them, I don't enjoy meeting new people because all the irrational fear, I don't want to work because I see no point in making money if I don't enjoy anything that much. Yes I can enjoy things, like eating a good food or something is still pleasurable, it's just overall it doesn't feel worth it to me.