It's haunting me, and I don't know what to do.  Something has to give, and soon.I am a mother of a toddler and an infant.  I have had a history of depression.  I have ADD.  I do not use drugs.  The father of my children is a crack addict, which I didn't know when I got with him, or I wouldn't have got with him. I have left him and come running back more times than I can count.  He left me in the hospital to go on a crack binge when I gave birth to our first child.  I actually had to go track him down towns away and take him to get crack just so that he'd be there for our child's birth.  Five days after our second child was born (4 weeks early, and in NICU), he left me alone at the hospital again.  He was gone a month before I heard from him.  These are not the only two incidents I've gone through with him and crack, just the most prevalent.  I left him "for good" in July, when he went on another crack binge and actually got physical with me for the first time when I was 7 months pregnant with our second child because I was trying to keep him from taking something of mine to sell for crack.  

My entire relationship (save the first three months) with him has been a hellicious rollercoaster.  I've tried to be happy.  I've tried to be strong.  I also have tried to hang myself.  He came in and freed me from the rope, went off on me, took my keys and left--I didn't see him for weeks.  That was early on in our relationship.

I don't want to talk to him.  I don't want anything to do with him.  However, I have children with him, so I have been making an effort to at least be civil.  He's been clean for about a month and a half now and is preaching the same story I've heard so many times before.  He thinks he can somehow make me happy after I reached my breaking point with him.  He thinks he can fix things somehow.  I would completely turn my back on him, but his mother is an attorney, and I have our kids.  I'm scared to death of him getting any sort of unsupervised visitation, and I'm scared of him having supervised visitation that he doesn't show up to and end up breaking the kids' hearts in the future. I'm scared that if he has the kids days without me, that he will take them and hold them ransom from me for drug money.  He doesn't care about the children the way a loving father does.  They're his kids, he says he loves them, but he never asks to see them, he never asks how they're doing, and when I take them to see him, he pays them attention for all of 10 minutes before getting on the phone, playing video games, falling asleep, or trying to shove them in a bedroom to try to get me to have sex with him.  I'm afraid of the type of person he attracts.  I'm afraid of drug dealers he owes money to showing up at the house and shooting up the place (And the people he has debts with are known for such behavior.)  I'm afraid he'll hook up with some crack whore or heroin junkie and have the kids around them--ignore them, not feed, not change diapers, just lock them in a room to run wild and fend for themselves. 

I love our children very much.  I want them to be happy.  I want to provide a great life for them.  

However, I am so damaged inside that I feel I am unable to be even half of the mother they deserve as it is.  I mean, I care for them.  They never sit in a dirty diaper, they never go hungry, I play with them, talk to them, read them books, take them outside to play... I do the mommy thing round the clock, and I love it, but it's like I'm just doing those things.  My mind is always elsewhere.

My mind is always on ending my life.

I have to take benadryl to knock me out at night, because otherwise I stay up for days just thinking, occasionally cutting myself--like that does any good.  Honestly, I get nothing out of cutting.  I guess it's just a control thing.  I feel so out of control of my life.  I feel like my childrens' father still controls me.

And he does.

I let him.

Because, I'm afraid of what will happen if I don't.

I am afraid for my life if I try to move on and find someone new, and for the person I find's life.  He has made comments like, "If you got with someone else, I'd just have to kill someone."  He's made said comments on more than one occasion.  

When I've asked him, and told him, to leave me alone.  Stop calling.  Forget about me, he retorts with, "No.  I will not.  That's not an option.  I will not leave you alone.  I will not go without talking to you or seeing you.  I won't leave you alone."

And he doesn't.

I get phone calls at all hours.

I'd get a restraining order on him if I thought that would do any good, but that would lead to visitation orders and, besides, my aunt had a restraining order on my uncle when she left him, and he shot a coworker of hers he thought she was with, then went and killed her.  I have a friend who has a very abuse husband who hoards weapons.  She finally got the bravery to leave him.  She has a restraining order.  He showed up at her house with a mask on saying he just wanted to talk.  She did not open the door and called the police.  They told her there was nothing they could do until he did something.  Right, like, kill her maybe?  Restraining order isn't good for anything.

I was going to move across the country to be with a guy that I care about, but don't really have deep feelings for, just to get away from the ex.  But, he found out and said he'd follow me, and his mother decided she'd go, too, if I went.  That doesn't fix anything. 

I'm stuck.

Really stuck.

I love my ex with all my heart, but I am no longer in love with him.  I have suffered too much pain at his hands.  I can never be with him without looking over my shoulder.  Things have been so bad that I've had to hide my money and keys in cat food or rat food, or in a hole under a rock outside by my dog's house.  Places he wouldn't look, because he doesn't deal with the animals.  He hates animals.

I talk to him.  I "hang out" with him.  I don't want to, but it's all about the kids to me, and my safety.  I'm afraid of what he'd do if I ever fully cut him off.  I don't care what he does to himself--he's a grown man and makes his own awful decisions.  I would not feel guilty for what he does to himself, because his horrible actions are what caused me to leave.  He's done it to himself.  But I'm afraid for myself and the children.  And I'd be afraid to ever find someone new because I'd be afraid for him, too.

I am plagued by thoughts of ending it.  I dream about it.  I can't shake the thoughts no matter what I'm doing.  I can't shake the desire, and each day the desire just grows and grows.  I have decided on two ways to do it, whichever is available first.  There are two things keeping me from it, though: 

The kids.

I feel they'd be better off without me in the state I'm in.  I'd want my mother to keep them, raise them, love them.  We live with her now, anyway.  God, I feel like a freaking leech, but at least I'm away from *him*.  Mostly.

But, I'm afraid that if I did end it, that his attorney mother would fight for custody of them, and he'd end up with them in his uncapable, irresponsible, unloving hands.

So, I really need help.  I acknowledge this.  I WANT help.  I want things to be better for me and I want to see my kids grow up.  I want to raise them, and for us to be happy.  The three of us, not the four.

I want to talk to someone.  I know there will come a night if I don't get help that I either find myself running to the hospital for help, or I end it.  I'm afraid of going to anyone for help.  I'm afraid of being put on suicide watch--and that's not what I'm really afraid of.  I've been there before after an accidental overdose when I was 13.  Yes, accidental.  I was so drugged up on antidepressants I didn't need that made me crazy (I literally remember very little from the two years I was on antidepressants for... migraines.) that I had no idea what I was doing until after I'd done it.  Didn't realize it until I got halfway through the house, and then just shrugged it off and went to bed.  Woke up in a hospital 3 hours from home 3 days later and got shipped off to suicide watch for 8 days.

I'm afraid of what will happen to the kids if it comes down to me being on suicide watch.  And I'm afraid of what will happen to all three of us if I don't get help, and soon.

I have rediscovered my religious side, and that has helped me some, but only just minutely.

Does anyone know what happens to kids when the parent goes into suicide watch?  Would they be left with my mother, whom we live with now, awarded to their father, or would they become wards of the state until I got better?  

The latter two are just not options in my mind.  

I feel so stuck, and I need some serious help.  Soon.