Nobody on Earth can help me, I'm utterly alone in facing the burden of lifeI have so little ambition. I really, really would not want to kill myself because of how shitty it would be for my mom, dad, and brother, and my friends too, but fuck. The only thing I look forward to every day is porn. I miss my ex-girlfriend, I thought she was my soul mate. I have next to no ambition to work in the world, and I don't really give a shit about anything. If I had lots of money I would just go back to university and try to research some interesting subject for my theses, but instead I'm severly in debt without much in the way of job prospects. I could try and get a substitute teaching job, but I can't fathom getting up every day to go into work being a clown for students. 

I remember when I was a young boy before kindergarten, I would just spend every day watching TV in my grandparent's house. It was like life was in stasis back then and wouldn't ever change, and that's how I feel now. I see other people with these good jobs and relationships, getting lots of sex. I don't feel that I have any of that coming down the pipeline. I feel like in some ways I'm destined to become a total loser, living with my brother, being in my 30s and 40s working a minimum wage job doing something that I don't care about. Watching younger women who don't give a shit about me. 

I don't want to kill myself, but I just can't handle how fucking horrifying this reality is! My parents are going to die, so is my brother, the clock is ticking on me doing something with my life but I just CAN'T SEEM TO PUT IN THE FUCKING EFFORT TO CHANGE!!! And my ex-girlfriend is going to find someone else and have a family and I'm probably going to have nobody. 

I don't know, I need to change this pessimistic attitude if I want to get through the next 50 years of my life, but thinking about suicide (besides porn) is one of the only things that seems to give me solace these days. Life is just so horrifyingly brutal, I just want to curl up in the fetal position and scream. And this post won't accomplish anything besides getting my thoughts in order so that I understand myself better.

Eh, whatever. What can I do? Nobody can do this shit for me, I have to get through my life all by myself like a big boy. I'm not going to kill myself, so I just have to drag myself through life. What a joke!