Acceptance.You eventually come to terms with it, that they're going to kill you one day. Maybe on purpose, maybe accidentally. They threaten it. They let you know they're going to beat you to death because you're ungrateful and disappointing. They've given you enough time, put in enough effort to see that you're not worth it. When you've given it everything you've possibly got and there's nothing left, you come to terms with it. 

When they've pulled everything down off the shelves, torn apart your space and rendered to pieces anything that you've remotely shown interest in, shown affection towards, you come to terms with it. You accept, that this time, as the clock ticks down ... you won't be able to clean up enough of the mess to avoid it. There just isn't enough time and it just isn't possible. 

So you come to terms with it. You're relieved. You didn't know that you wanted it as bad as you do. The anxiety you feel about the clock dims to nothingness, and there's just a quiet, cold calm. You imagine that's what nonexistence will be. You're not terrified anymore. You're not panicked. You're not anything, anymore. You don't have to do anything, anymore. Except wait. Sit among the mess, your broken mementos, and just wait. Thank the universe for the fleeting moments of happiness that you were gifted.

When they barge back in to check your progress and are incensed that you haven't achieved the impossible, you're strangely glad. You don't try to run, this time. You don't brace for it, and when they kick you down and start slamming you with their fists, you don't resist. You don't try to shield yourself with your hands this time. You just lay there, waiting. It doesn't hurt. You don't really hear them. You aren't crying. You're just done, and waiting. 

Only, they lied. They leave you hurting. The pain slowly ebbs in as the numbness wears away, along with the fantasy of being done. There's no relief now. The ache sinks in, as does the realization that they were never going to let you go. 

You're weak. Pathetic. Defeated. 