Do you also feel that you are stuck in a loop?A loop of unhappiness. I guess feeling trapped is common in this situation.

Then there is your brain urging you to somehow get unstuck. At this point I only know one sure way to break the loop. I very much detest the idea of giving up, but it sure seems and feels the only way out. Sometimes even the preferable way.

But how can you achieve anything if you can't even trust your own thoughts and feelings? And what happens when you are too exhausted to go on?

Maybe I'm just having a particularly bad day I can't share with anyone. That's kind of my fault. I don't want burden other people.

But in the end of the day there is just you being trapped in your skull. Everything outside of it is fuzzy and distant. There is nothing but the darkness. You can't live in it. You cannot build or create anything in it. There is no up or down here. There aren't any directions. There isn't anything that can be used as a leverage to propel yourself.

In this cloud of inability and inaction sometimes there is only one thing I can do. Planning the big escape, even though I don't want to die, and trying to come up with ideas, so at least I can make other people understand why.

I also want to understand why. I'm curious why we function this way, and why this happens to me. If I would have cancer I would be curious about it as well. How it works, why does it happen. All that stuff. But I guess this isn't the same. You can't decide against cancer. Cancer just happens to your body.
Yet what's frightening me is that sometimes I feel that I can't decide against suicide either. It can just happen.

And that's the thing. I don't want it to happen. I hoped that if I know why it happens I can be safe from it. But after that I also found how it can happen and now that I have access I feel more unsafe. It would be better if I could do something about that, but there is no way. 10 second of letting my guard down would be bad enough.

That's why I hate when a short-time crisis like this just hits. Because normally, like most of the times things are somewhat managable. Yet my life these days seems nothing but a loop of going forward and breaking down.

So how is your loop of unhappiness?