The train that will end my life is coming through town at 8:00 tonight.I've decided that I cannot deal with the life I've been living anymore. I'm posting here to see if I can possibly be swayed, but I don't believe it will happen as I need to make up my mind.

This whole year I've been living homeless and have lost all hope for both myself and my family. I think we've all become depressed because I'm pretty sure we've all given up. My dad and brother are no longer bothering to look for work and my mother no longer looks for housing as it has all gone nowhere.

We lived in a rented home and my SSI of $900 a month was basically all we had to keep it because my dad was laid off right before Christmas. However, we learned that our landlord put our house up for sale and it had been sold, we were required to leave by the beginning of February and have been living in our cars since.

The reason I have not looked for work myself is because I'm discouraged by the government, saying that I will lose much of my SSI if I were to begin working. I have no friends in real life, I have no phone, and I no longer have a therapist. We have talked about leaving California but the money just can't be stretched. And no one will take us for housing under $900 because there are 4 of us and we're all adults, we've all have started to give up hope. Me most of all because I never thought it'd be this way. I had many ambitions growing up that I would be better as an adult, have a good job and an okay house, after being so poor all of my life.

It seems like now I can't get up to make it happen.

I barely graduated high school because the depression got to me so much and my grades plummeted. It feels like no one truly cares because they can all leave at the drop of a hat. I've become distant from my family because I'm so ashamed.

However, I suppose that I had one close friend, I found out yesterday that my uncle had hung himself after he finally got fed up with trying to live through his cancer which was looking likely to kill him anyway (it was bile duct and it returned after it initially was treated).

I feel so deep down in the hole that I can't muster up any more fight. This town is known for having a lot of death by train, and since I feel I deserve to go out in the most painful way possible I've made up my mind.

To my family, I'm so sorry.

To my friends in long distance, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry that I couldn't make it better.