I don't want to hurt myself. I just want to go outside.I'm really hurting and it's impossible to find anyone who understands. I need to see a doctor, but I cannot leave my house. I get really anxious when I go outside and get panic attacks. I dress up. Shower, hair, makeup, comfortable clothing and stare at my door. It'll be 10:00AM and before I know it, it's 6:00PM.
I don't think anything can help me. The last time I went to the doctor's I could barely describe any of what I was feeling before I was rushed out the door. It doesn't help that I don't have a phone, I don't have a job, I'm not in school, I don't drive, and my family doctor is in the next city. I try to talk to my father but he gives me the whole "Be stronger, it's all in your head" speech. I know a lot of what I feel is because I don't like the way I look, but I don't even think weight loss can help me because I think I'm hideous. 
The other part to this is that I don't care what any one else thinks, so compliments don't help me, because I'm only worried about what I think. How do I take the first step when I can't even leave my home? I hate that I had all this support in high school, but now that I'm older no one wants to help. 
I'm not even strong enough to kill myself. It's so sad.
I wanted to start cutting again, but every time I look at my arms and see my scars, especially the risen ones, I get so sick because it only makes me uglier, which intern makes me feel worse, and then more depressed. There's literally nothing I can do but lay here until my heart stops. 
I think it would be easier to take a bunch of pills.
I don't want to hate myself anymore. I don't have motivation to change, I don't have support, and I don't have the strength to stand when I step outside. 
I understand that some people can really be alive for no reason at all despite what I've learned in church, because I'm one of those people. 
I can't even be in love because I hate myself so much, I don't deserve such nice things. 

-FA and dying. 

