Could use a bit of advice to prevent myself from suicideI'm afraid of myself.

I have struggled with depression for nearly 1/3 of my life (I'm 22 now, my depression dates to me being 14 or 15). I'm not certain of the root cause, but I believe its persistence is due to an extreme fear of loneliness and abandonment. I've tried therapy, some medication, and spent the last 4 years manually trying to make things better.

At this point I don't even remember a point in my life in which happiness was my disposition.

The girl I have been seeing broke things off (at least in a romantic respect) two days ago. We hadn't been dating long, and have a mutual wish to remain friends. It's easy for me to rationalize and accept her wanting this; after all, the heart wants what it wants. The main issue this presents for me is that the only time in which I wasn't actively thinking about suicide was when I was around her.

Now that I know I am alone there is nothing to stop the thoughts, especially since I will be unemployed for another 2 to 4 weeks.

I try to approach those who I know care about me with this issue, but it's extremely difficult to knowingly put burden on my friends. What's worse is that I'm approaching them now, immediately after the break-off, so they think the source of my pain is solely from that. Although that does hurt (she was the first girl I have ever kissed), they don't understand the underlying issue is my depression.

People say that those who commit suicide don't think about those around him or her. That is a horrid lie. The only thing keeping me here is the thought of making my sister and closest friends cry. This has been apparent for quite a while, and from this realization two things happened: I often imagine them telling me to kill myself (in hopes I will get the courage to end my life), and, I made the decision that I will no longer live my life for myself but for those in it.

Recently I have been doing acts that will prolong my life by short bits; which is what led to the aforementioned girl ending things with me. I noticed for the week prior that she had been standoffish, so I gave myself a choice. I would either not ask her and kill myself or I would ask her, get the answer I had already known, and then not kill myself because it could harm her conscience. I only barely chose the latter. We were about 10 feet near her door when I brought this up.

I'm really not sure what I should do. The floodgates seem permanently open and my closest friends either live far away or are inconveniently unavailable for the next few days.