Haven't felt this low before.Hey everyone. I'm a 20 year old male in college, and have struggled with depression for as long as I can remember. I haven't really had friends since middle school, and have always had trouble in regards to social interaction. While I have improved a bit, it's still almost impossible to connect to anyone. I feel worthless, like I have no personality. It feels like when I talk to my parents or family in general, that they only love me because they're supposed to. I know that's likely not true, but that's what my mind is telling me. I constantly feel like a burden. I feel like I've never impacted somebody's life, like I'm just existing. I'm so lonely. I have all these things I want to talk about with people, but connecting with anyone is impossible. 

I know none of this is a healthy way of thinking and that I probably need to see a doctor or a therapist, but I feel like they wouldn't really care. I wish I could tell my parents, but they're very Christian, and they know I don't go to church so I feel like they'll just tell me I'm depressed because I'm a bad Christian. I've also gone to them before in distress, thinking something was wrong with me, but they only responded saying that nothing was wrong with me and that I just need to do something to cheer myself up. I want to get better, but I hate feeling vulnerable, and I feel like I'd be burdening people with my problems, or that they'd be judging me for being such a loser. I'm failing three of my classes right now, and haven't gone to a majority of my classes in months. Most of the time I can't even get out of bed. I'm such a failure.

I'm sorry, I know this is all jumbled, but I feel like I'm about to explode. I've coped with it for a while, but recently I've been constantly thinking of hanging myself. The only thing keeping me from doing that is the thought of how much it would scar my roommate and impact my family. But I don't know how long I can keep doing this. I don't see myself having a future or ever having a friend or somebody to talk to. I don't see myself ever becoming a normal adult with a job and a house or apartment. I just wish I never existed in the first place.