How to geek yourself and let the flatfoots deal with the goreNo PII. No super long story. Just a relatively short one considering all the shit I've seen in my life. I tried writing out something to explain context the other night, but Reddit's new fucked up web design deleted my 40 paragraph monologue when I hit ctrl+x and ctrl+v to move some words around to make it more coherent. Absolutely fucked up new design. Whoever greenlighted this shit should be blacklisted from IT jobs. Since I re-live my life every moment I'm awake in my head it's not difficult, but it is time consuming. I merely have to write in a stream-of-consciousness style.

My life has completely fallen apart in a single day which is today. Well, that's not entirely true. My life has always been shitty and constantly getting worse, but now, even though I'm not at the bottom of the barrel, which I would consider destitute homelessness (clothes made from trash), I'm about half an inch from the bottom. I'm now involved in numerous lawsuits and a case with the police department just by going through my daily shitty life even though I literally have done nothing wrong to anyone. I constantly follow the law to a tee. I'm a gun owner and can tell you every gun law for this state, I can tell you every traffic law and the exceptions to those laws, I can tell you every regulation and ordinance for every county within 200 miles of here. I do everything the way I'm told it should be done all the time. I've never been in a car accident (til today), I've never broken a bone, I've never been convicted of a crime even though I've been taken to jail before for absolutely no reason. I wake up and do the same thing every day and go to sleep and never talk to anyone. I live alone and always have. I have no kids and I've never been married or had a girlfriend. I have no friends or associates.

Despite this I'm at the center of all these fucked up legal battles because I live in a city full of fucked up crazy people and foreigners who treat this city like it's their home country even if in that country they behead people or rape kids. My car is also destroyed now in an accident where I wasn't even at fault, but if I don't pay to fix it in a certain amount of time the city can confiscate it. I actually had to pay the police department 198 dollars to move my destroyed car out of the road, like something out of a cyberpunk novel, which brought my life savings down to about 300 dollars.

My bank (Wells Fargo) "taxes" you every month if you have less than 1500 dollars in your account so I imagine if I don't put it under my mattress then in a few months it will be gone in fees. Because my car is destroyed I can't work or go to school anymore or even buy groceries unless I walk miles, but it's not like I had a regular job at the time anyway since nobody will hire me even though I'm willing to eat human shit if you pay me enough for rent to do it. I've done much harder things in my life against my will, at a much younger age, and with no pay or compensation than most people do in their entire lives at their 100k a year fake jobs with job titles made up by someone whose job it is to make up new job titles.

I live my life in the most considerate and conscientious manner and yet now I have one out of court settlement with a nationally-recognized corporation that will go unnamed here because of their fucked up gang member employees, now pending investigation/lawsuit after being assaulted by a security guard while trying to buy a wrench at a nationally-recognized corporation that will go unnamed here, a pending criminal investigation over the car accident I had today since they tried to run me over and flee the scene, pending lawsuit against defendants (enemies) in said accident and if the police department here, which is really fucked up and corrupt, fucks this case up even though I have a dashcam with audio in my vehicle then there will be another lawsuit pending against them if I don't just kill myself first.

The most fucked up part is that I feel pain throughout my entire body (and mind), but since I don't have health insurance I can't go to the doctor or the hospital even after being in a car accident. I can't get or afford any real medication so I just try to drink vodka a lot which I can get on sale with a club card at Kroger or I take stolen or illegal drugs. This method has kept me going for ten years and some change now.

When I was being assaulted by the security guard at unnamed nationally-recognized corporation while buying a wrench one of the things he said to me was "Hope you have Blue Cross because you're gonna need it after I'm done with you". I deal with people like this very often and I live in a high crime area with a lot of robberies so I carry a lot of weapons. In reality if he had pushed it much further I would have probably killed him and I would have been in prison for manslaughter since he assaulted me first. Even if I did fend him off and I was found to be totally innocent (I was), but he got a piece of me or put a round in me I'd be in debt for the rest of my life and I'd be mandated by law to essentially commit suicide. Look up the cost of one ambulance ride and ER visit. If you've been to some of the ones in the ghetto you know that they treat you like absolute shit there like that VA scene out of Born On The Fourth Of July with Tom Cruise. It's something I'll never be able to pay in a million years working every day, which is why people like that security officer, the type of people who also exist in the highest positions of power in our government, can hold that over my head as a life-or-death psychological pain compliance technique.

Maybe I'm still in shock from that car accident, but I don't feel like I am. I've been drinking, but only a beer or two. For some reason my head hurt and I couldn't eat any real solid food so I had some canned soup. I took a Xanax a few hours ago to level out my mind state and keep me calm and not thinking about what is dragging behind me. It was my last one. All I have after that is half of one and then my supply is gone and its back to trying to get drunk enough to forget where I am. It's a hard habit to support even with the savings offered at our nation's largest retailer. Sometimes I really do wonder how the bums organize their alcohol logistics. I think that maybe some of their ex-military backgrounds efficiently maintain the supply lines.

Keep in mind that even though I've taken an entire Xanax bar and drank several beers that I am in such a lucid state of mind that I could operate an 18-wheeler with an H-shifter and a 12 speed gearbox at night and going uphill. That's part of my problem. The stuff doesn't work like it should.

I have sort of weird Iraq-style PTSD anxiety attacks constantly and I don't know why. I wasn't in Iraq and in fact I've never served in any branch of the military. That and the nightmares is a large part of the reason I drink and take drugs all the time along with trying to forget my life and my emotional trauma. Sometimes I think that I am possessed by a demon or under attack in a religious sense. Sometimes I think someone has put a curse or hex on me. I am a rationally-minded person, but it is so intense at times that the only conclusion I can come to is that I am being attacked by a demon or some unseen LRAD-type weapon is being deployed on me. I am a strong man and never cry or get shaken. I've been to jail, I've been to where you get sent when you get punished really bad at military school, I've been in fights, I've had my life threatened, I've had a gun pointed at me, but sometimes for no reason I will start crying and can't stop when I'm in the middle of doing something random and feeling totally normal.

Every night I have nightmares and it is everything you can think of, even things you can't think of. Sometimes it is things that I have never known or have no concept of. Sometimes I think they are visions, maybe of what awaits me after I die, but maybe not. Some are more like visions and others are more like your standard fare, some are like memories from another person. They all have one thing in common though which is absolute mortal terror.

A dream I have often is being in the twin towers during 9/11. I've had this dream hundreds of times, but I have no direct connection to 9/11. I have dreams about being in a concentration camp which I assume is a WW2 Nazi installation, but could also be a future government. I'm not Jewish and never think about the Holocaust. In fact I hate when people talk about it because its used to constantly justify a lot of evil shit that Jewish people do today, but I don't want to get political here so I'll leave it at that. It exists outside my consciousness. I never think about it. In the nightmare I'm in the concentration camp I'll be with other inmates and they'll torture us or do weird shit like take us outside in the rain and make us lay on our backs on top of barbed wire and they hold us against the barbed wire and gouge our eyes out with knives. I have dreams about being inside of some sort of endless honeycomb of all-white hallways, like you'd see in the first Star Wars when they break in Leia's ship, and there's intersections where the hallways meet. Creatures that wants to kill me stalk the hallways and it is like a maze trying to get out. Once I finally get out I realize that the maze I was in was just a building. A building sitting on a black plain under a black sky with eternal desert in every direction. Nowhere to go, nowhere to run except in one direction, but they never tire so they will catch up eventually. I just let them kill me.

A lot of times I have dreams with guns or knives in them and they're being employed against someone. Sometimes its me using it on innocent people, sometimes its me using it against an equally-armed adversary, sometimes its me being unjustly assaulted and defending myself against an adversary who has these weapons. People will talk until they're blue in the face about guns in dreams being metaphors for your dick. I think that idea is dumb to begin with, but in all of my dreams the guns are one hundred percent as they would be in real life. Think of the movie The Matrix where they're in that void and the racks of guns come down and they pick it up and shoot a bunch of cops. The guns are like virtual reality but they're also identical to the real thing. It's like that in every dream down to the weirdest dumbest details. 1911 owners should be familiar with the famous grip safety and this is included on any 1911 patterned firearm in my dreams. I use weapons that I have no experience with, weapons which I didn't even know existed, but which do exist and work in life as they do in the dream. I do not believe in past lives, reincarnation, ghosts or anything like that whatsoever, but it is fucking surreal.

I have had nightmares about being in the Korean War and fighting against a North Korean tank assault in the snow. I was a recoilless rifle operator. I follow war shit and run simulations on my computer on who would win World War 3 (don't ask) so I do know about a few pieces of equipment more obscure to the layman like the SPG-9. My knowledge about NATO counterparts to the SPG-9 is non-existent since its more or less considered an obsolete weapon by the U.S. military. I had to look it up because somehow I knew what was in the dream was real. It was too detailed and too in-context. I looked online and found the M-40 and saw how it operates with crew and that's how I was operating it in the dream, shooting North Korean T-34-76 tanks which are the tanks they actually used in the war during assaults. I know nothing about the Korean War. Knives or any other instrument more or less complex seem to work the same way, in a rational, logical, rule-based way. These dreams puzzle me,but I'm lucky when I have them instead of the other ones. They don't upset my mental state for long periods of time like the aforementioned examples or the following.

The worst ones I get are the visions. I don't know if you're religious or not, but if you were having these types of dreams you definitely would be. I literally get taken to hell as a disembodied spirit and I'm taken to certain areas of hell where peoples souls are destroyed in different ways. I know, this may sound crazy or like I've taken way too many drugs, but I've had these dreams dead stone cold sober without watching any horror movies or listening to any Iron Maiden that day. They are so visceral you can feel pain in the dream and even when you wake up for a time. An example would be like something would grab me by my throat and I could feel the pain and panic of being choked and having your windpipe crushed. I could feel it as real as if someone came up to a gas station and did it to you on some random night. I'll wake up and until the Melatonin in my brain wears off (your "grogginess"), which takes about 15 minutes or half an hour, I'll still feel like I had just been choked by someone as if assaulted in my sleep by a serial killer who left just before I woke up.

It scares me a lot and it scares me to die because of these dreams and the thought that I am destined for hell (vessel of wrath), but I have to die because society won't let me live even in a cave. If you ever listen to people's NDEs (Near Death Experiences) where people have died and been brought back to life you always hear stories of them talking about going to heaven or flying through space or all this other shit. The less advertised ones are people who are brought back in trauma wards and say they have seen hell and not heaven. The most famous of these stories and the most well-documented I think is Bryan Melvin who said that after drinking Mexican tap water (no joke, dont drink it) and contracting Cholera he died and was taken to hell and brought back to life. Pretty much everything he says he saw when he died (such as the cubes) is what I see every night in my dreams. If you don't know the Bryan Melvin story then you don't know what the fuck I'm talking about when I talk about cubes, but I've been inside cubes and seen them from the outside as well. A lot of other people who have died and come back have stories that are too close to be coincidence. If you have a morbid curiosity, and you most likely do since you're on a suicide forum, one of the dreams I had was of a room in hell.

The room was like a massive cavern or cave. The base was circular and it sloped up to a point on the ceiling. The diameter of the base was approximately one mile. The measurement from floor to ceiling was much larger than the diameter of the room and so I estimate that the highest point of the ceiling was at least two or three miles above. This is about the height of travel of an airplane with an uncompressed cabin, such as a Cessna 172. There was a massive and grotesque being in the center of the cavern that almost took the whole thing up. It was a massive demon with rolls and rolls of fat and flesh hanging off it. Think of the fattest, grossest hambeast you've ever seen ride a motorized shopping cart around a WalMart and it was that times eleven. This thing was absolutely massive and completely disgusting in every possible way for the human mind to interpret disgust. The demonic being was so large that if it was on the surface of Earth it could be seen from the international space station.

All around this entity, thing, whatever you want to call it, were what looked like ants. Like someone had just kicked an anthill and a ton of black ants were just running around scurrying and trying to climb up stuff. Whatever took me to hell brought me closer and I realized they were not insects, but humans. The massive beast in the center of the room would be like some evil kid with bugs like how people pull wings off flies or pull the legs off spiders. The only thing was instead of a shitty kid doing it to bugs it was a giant demon doing it to humans. It would like pull them in half or eat a bunch of them, but I think the most disturbing part was when it used its giant thumb, which must have been hundreds of feet across, to smear hundreds of people along the floor of the cavern. You know how when you squish or smear a bug like a spider or a fly it leaves behind gross brown/black guts and stuff? It was like that but with red human blood, body parts and so on. It was like human bodies but that was just the form that their soul took I suppose. In that cavern a human life was a joke, it was a plaything, it was something to be destroyed or toyed with at whim. At the periphery of this cavern were very small holes, or at least they appeared very small in relation to the massive beast, and more naked shivering human beings would constantly flow from these holes. They weren't willingly entering the room, but were being pushed from being by smaller human-sized demons which had weapons which could be described as pitchforks, but somehow seemed more advanced like a cattle prod or something. For some reason it seemed like the giant beast became stronger when people drew blood on Earth without thought. An example would be the difference between a drive-by shooting of someones house and two knights having a duel. In the former case death is dealt without thought or care or respect for the victims and when things like that happens this thing squeals and spittles and bangs its hands on the ground. In the later case there's an understanding between two people and it's more of a combat or war type scenario rather than murder so it doesn't draw energy from it, or at least not a lot. For some reason however I felt like this beast's ultimate orgasmic pleasure would be nuclear warfare and it was somehow having its superiors (Satan etc.) engineer this for its satisfaction and pleasure. Keep in mind I never watch horror movies and I am not into Satanic shit at all. I have hundreds of dreams like these and I could go on describing them, but it would take up a novel and I think you get where I'm coming from only possessing the illustration I just put into your mind.

Back to reality, no more money, no more drugs, no more booze. I try watching TV, but I just zone out and start thinking about things again. I try masturbating, but when I orgasm I feel nothing. I try to talk to people over the internet to feel less alone, but they don't really know me, I'll never meet them and they probably don't even care about me anyway. It's like some fucked up modern version of pen pals for the lonely hearts club.

If I had a girlfriend I probably wouldn't even be here typing this shit right now and I would deal with things and move on, but I've been around enough and seen enough broken homes (I am from one) that it is a double-edged sword these days if the person you love isn't who you think they are. That seems to happen a lot these days since people constantly lie about who they are and fabricate their sense of morality and dignity.

I am not totally incel. You probably wouldn't recognize me from anyone else on the street. I could have had it a few times, and for cheap too, but I'm not one for skunk pussy. Never was. It's not about the sex for me anyway. I just want someone to give my whole self to, who will give me their whole self, like the two wheels of a cart. Someone to hold and be held by. I wouldn't force anyone into anything, I'm not a control freak dork or anything, and I don't seek for someone to "save me" or to spread my misery. I only want someone who I can spend time with and trust, someone who will bear witness to what I bear witness, someone with whom life would be an adventure full of wonder instead of the hellish grind for nothing I find myself in. I mean, you could make an early-era Nine Inch Nails music video for any song off the first three albums just by adding effects to a video of me going through my daily life. I think a lot of people would have geeked themselves a while back if they were in my shoes, but they aren't so it doesn't matter. All I wanted my entire life was someone to love who would love me. I honestly don't care if you're the fattest, dumbest, ugliest, smelliest bitch in the world, as long as your heart is pure. I've always wanted this and other people seem to get it, but I never got it and I never will.

One thing that made me happy and took my mind off of things was shooting. I could shoot all day and night from morning until evening and never get bored. It might sound like I'm the stereotypical school shooter loser freak virgin, but I am not. When I looked through the scope, nothing else mattered. It was like throwing the touchdown pass at the homecoming game. It was just you and the endzone. I could take the head off a matchstick at 25 yards with a .22 or a pellet rifle after a while. I was so good using a pistol one-handed that I thought about trying out for the U.S. Olympic team. I even tried archery, but could never quite figure it out. It made me feel good, like I was good at something. It's why military and police training targets are made of metal now. They used to be made of paper. The sound it makes when your bullet hits the target is Pavlov's bell. This is how our government trains people to kill other people, but for me it is simply satisfying on a Saturday afternoon. I used to get this feeling from golf as well, but now when I tee up it's just like watching TV.

Shooting is now a no-go after the national gun control bullshit and mass shootings and new laws rammed through. Never shot anyone in my life, never saw a mass shooting, never even heard of a mass shooting except the ones that happen every night in the hood in drive-bys with stolen guns or sawed off shotguns brought in from Mexico. Only hear about it on the news in some far away place that I've never been to, but now because of that if I shoot one of my matchsticks with a Red Ryder BB gun when in the wrong "zone" I go to prison for 5-10 year on a weapons charge which would either be Discharging A Firearm In A Residential Area, Discharging A Firearm Into A Domicile (even though I'm shooting at a dirt backstop in the opposite direction) or any other bullshit thing they want to make up and it would be treated as if I was firing a 9mm handgun into the windows of peoples homes. I happen to live in this "zone" and it extends for 100 miles in every direction. So much for that.

I have completely lost everything today. This is like in a video game where you fuck up so bad, like killing a story char in Morrowind, that you reload the save except I never saved the game. The only thing I have left to put in my mouth to get away from this shitshow of a life is this 12 gauge shotgun. I've read a lot on the theory of a shotgun's use in this way and also where exactly to fire to destroy the human anatomy. I believe I might have read somewhere that shotguns were carried by certain para-military type people at points in history as a suicide weapon and nothing else, sort of like the tanto blade. Maybe it was in Cuba. Maybe I never read it and I'm extrapolating. It doesn't matter. Anyway, to be honest, it's hard to miss, but like with everything there's a right way to do it too.

I've got the gun with me. It's really a shame for such a nice thing to be used in such an awful way, where it's collected as evidence and can never be used for its true purpose. Real reliable, ambidextrous, lightweight, military and police grade stuff, no microstamping, no ported barrel, long tube. Probably can't even get them like this anymore. If you know your stuff you probably know exactly what model I'm talking about. Some people would disagree with me. If I could give it to someone after they took it off my body I would, but I'm not sure how they'd feel about possessing it knowing its history.

The reason I'm here is not to hear cries of pity or remorse. I have long since moved past consideration of that kind of fluffy-feely falderal. It does not change my material reality. I'll never know you. It does nothing to me. I don't need to hear any falsely-constructed soapbox analysis of my faults and errors which are x which could be remedied by y and make the outcome z. Unless if you know who shot JFK, its nothing new to me. I've been institutionalized. It's all just elevator music. Nothing you say is going to be any different from anything anyone else has said millions of times, probably even since the times of Sumeria and the Tower of Babel.

I know cops frequent this board. They absolutely have to. I don't mean for investigative purposes, but for personal reasons. They kill themselves constantly. Do this for your country. Lend me this one piece of information.

I want to kill myself in my home, but I don't want certain people who might enter my house to see the gore. If I call 911 and say that there's a person with a gun holding someone hostage at my address and tell them exactly what room I'm in and wait until they make entry onto the property (not room) to pull the trigger is it safe to assume that they will secure my body and weapon and dispose of both? The weapon is a no-brainer, but I've heard stories about them doing weird things with dead bodies.

When I was in High School I helped my dad manage a multi-unit residential complex. One time an old man in there blew his brains out in his apartment with a rifle while sitting in a chair. SWAT came in and took the gun away, some cunty bitchy looking CSI woman showed up and started taking photographs and after that the paramedics/EMTs took his body. I don't know where they took it, but I guess the morgue. The problem was is that they left everything else behind.

The walls were coated with pieces of hair, scalp, brain matter, skull fragments, blood, eyeball, teeth, nasal/lymph fluid, parts of his head and face and so on. It was really gross and the cops made us clean it up. I would think they would at least do a little hose-down or a little tidying up, but I guess that's not how it works. Their "job" is done and now its the family's job to scrub up the brains or whatever. There's companies that specialize in crime scene cleanup, like in that movie Sunshine Cleaning, but I hear that they're pretty expensive.

The stars are aligned tonight. Should I not give a shit and blast? I would really rather not. After having paid more taxes in my life than money I've earned I want to somehow engineer it so that those lazy cops earn their pay by having to spray it down with the hose. Do I need to be on public/government property in order to force the city to clean up my brain matter? Is there some prerequisite, maybe health code, that necessitates the immediate cleanup of a violent crime scene? If I go outside and sit in my broken down car and do it will they just get rid of the flesh and send the fucker to the junkyard? That's what they said on Dragnet one time. Do I just sit on the front steps of the police station or city hall and blow my head off? I bet they'd want to clean it up pretty fast then. So what's the story? You got SOP for this shit?

The other posts here don't really seem to jive with where I'm coming from, but it's not like I'm going to post this on the law enforcement subreddit. I see a bunch of other posts where people are like "im gonna do it in 5 minutes goodbye" so I don't see why this should get singled out or deleted.

I need factual information from EMT/Fire/Police or anyone who has done cleanup, but don't try pulling a fast one on me, either, buddy. Don't play hero. I was on the football team. I still maintain some connections and leverage in certain areas, including federal. Don't risk it. That goes for all the rest of you too, especially if you're military.

By the way this is all fiction I'm trying to develop a fictional character for a fictional book so I need some information to make my fictional character in my fictional book more believable even though its a work of complete fiction. Thanks.