Don't know what to do anymoreDon't really know why I'm posting this since I don't think I'm really looking for someone to talk to or sympathy or anything like that.

I guess I'll just be blunt: I want to kill myself. I know i'm not going to, I'm too afraid to - I went through with it once and it was the most painful experience I've ever had and I don't want to go through it again. I guess I wish there was a way to do it that would not fail, is painless and accessible; but for me, there's not.
I just feel so abandoned and lonely right now - there was only one person in my life who I felt comfortable to enough to talk about my emotions and how I was feeling. I told them about how I was feeling, as aforementioned - this wasn't out of the blue mind you. Their response was basically 'I don't think I'm able to speak to you anymore'. That's fair enough I guess, they shouldn't be burdened with that knowledge, they have their own issues and problems to worry about, it was really needy and selfish for me to put that on them. Regardless, I just feel so angry and betrayed right now and I don't have anyone to talk to. I know people around me might be available to talk but I just don't feel like I can trust anyone now let alone being comfortable enough to talk about this stuff with.


I have what I can only describe as crippling anxiety and depression - because of how i'm feeling and now that I don't have anybody to really talk to anymore i've decided to try and see a GP. I don't know if I actually will. Just thinking about going to such a place nearly induces an anxiety attack. I just want things to change. I'm thinking about self-harming again, I see it as a pretty edgy thing to do but I used to do it a long time ago and it did help suppress my thoughts and feelings to do with suicide and depression, I still bear the scars of the last time I did that kind of stuff and it completely destroys my self-confidence. I don't know - not really looking for approval or anything, I'm just thinking out loud at this point.

Again, don't really know why I'm posting this or what the purpose of it is, just wanted to get this out I guess. Sorry for wasting your time.