For those contemplating suicide, and want help. I’m here.I’ve realized now, that it’s important to embrace who you are and what you deal with. For too long i have tried to hide who i really am, and what i really feel, afraid of others looking at me as weak. For years now, i have dealt with serious thoughts of suicide, from a simple lack of motivation to live. Just last week i held a loaded gun to my head, praying for god to give me the strength to shoot. I am saying this to emphasize the point that, mental health is not a joke. It is not easy for someone like me to get up everyday with no real motivation to live. For a long time, i thought i felt this way because of breakups, or financial struggles, but i know now that is not the case. I felt the way i did, because i was afraid to be honest and open. I would sit at home and think about death, then go out in public and pretend nothing was wrong. All the while, making the situation worse. So now i am making an attempt to be open, hoping that this will relieve me of these thoughts, and allow me to be happy again.
Recently my girl friend, my life, my girl... all of a sudden broke up with me. I wasn’t expecting it at all, so it broke me completely. I am the type of person who has never seen value in living for myself, so the thought of losing her, was the same as losing my life. I wasn’t perfect in the relationship, i definitely made serious mistakes. but I loved her. and I thought that together we would conquer the world. This is all i wanted. but when she broke up with me, i felt empty. I felt the same way i did before i met her. I lost my motivation to live. I lost my will to fight, i wanted to die. I tried for weeks and weeks to just make her notice me again, make her love me again, and nothing worked. Nothing i did made her want to be with me again. So i ended up, in my bathroom, Beretta 92fs cocked and loaded, pointed to my head, ready to die. With my finger on the trigger i smiled as i finally felt i would be happy. Then something stopped me. Unable to shoot, i cried until my sister came and took the gun away. The next day, i got up and went to work, pretending to be okay, when a random guy, i had never met before walked up behind me. This guy patted me on the back and said “life is worth living.” 

I’m sorry if my thoughts seemed jumbled but I am still trying to make sense of everything. How does a random guy, come up to me and make such a powerful statement? What made him choose me, out of the 30+ people in the room?

I don’t know, but that one statement saved my life. That one statement is inspiring this message, and inspiring me to live. I haven’t been able to find what i am living for, but i know i have a purpose. So if you happen to be struggling like i am, please know that things will get better. Winter can’t last forever, and Spring is coming. and If you fall, land on your back, because if you can see up, you can get up. Remember that. 

I don’t know if this will help, but we can’t do this alone, but together we can. 