I'm not hereI'm at a point where everything feels like its just a simulation, like everything's fake and my actual body is in a vat of goo somewhere, or its just a brain in a jar or some shit like that. I just can't seem to find a point to keep existing like this, because if I'm not real and the world around me isn't real then it doesn't matter who would be hurt by my death because when my simulation ends so does everything that was in it, meaning there's no one left to be sad because they weren't real to begin with. and to be honest the option of just ending it sounds more and more appealing the longer it goes on like this. I got released from the psych ward after two weeks I've been out for about a month now and its been hell. I hate this existence, but that's nothing new. so much shit has happened though, they changed my diagnosis again, my boyfriend and I lost our apartment while I was in the hospital, I had to move back in with my parents and now its back to how it was in high school where I'm getting screamed and sworn at over trivial things, my job fired me because I was in the hospital for too long so I'm completely broke and I can't seem to get anyone to call me back from applications, school is overwhelming and it feels utterly pointless and I can't find it in me to give a damn, even though in theory I'm passionate about what I want to do after college it just all feels so disconnected like its never going to actually happen and I'm just never going to be enough to get there. but i still just keep coming back to that none of this is actually real and I'm just living in like the shittiest spin off of the matrix where instead of cool fight scenes and messiah imagery its just the universe fucking me over every time I start to get it together. what ever it is, it doesn't matter. because the bottom line of it is that regardless of if all of this is real or not is that what i'm diagnosed with isn't going to go away. bipolar disorder doesn't go away, it doesn't work like that, I'm stuck with this fucked up unreliable broken brain for how ever long the rest of this existence is. and I can reduce the chance of it getting worse and i can reduce the episodes but there's never a way to know for sure that it'll go away for any length of time, adhd doesn't go away either, and people don't take it seriously, because its "just an over-diagnosed or better yet made up illness that only effects elementary school boys with behavior problems." and I'm just so sick of doctors just fucking constantly changing my diagnosis or adding more on to it.  It's been so many different things from adjustment disorder, to add, to adhd, to depression, then to bipolar, then schizo-affective disorder, and back to bipolar, then add in ptsd. like fuck. just stop with the names, they clearly don't solve anything. I don't give a damn what you want to call it, it doesn't matter. this whole year has been like watching the worlds most frustrating movie because i just don't feel real, and my choices don't feel real and I'm just watching this dumb bitch ruin everything that i set up when i was in control, and i cant fucking do anything about it. i don't know, it just feels like all my choices are pre-made and I'm just fucking some stupid point and click game where the out come is all ready decided, and the more i point and click the more it looks like the inevitable ending is me offing myself. its the only logical ending. i just don't see this turning around, it hasn't in almost 22 years why would it start now? i don't know why i'm just waiting to do it. maybe there's a part of me that desperately  wants to be proven wrong, that wants to be shown that even if this isn't real maybe there's a reason worth living for in this bullshit. but the more time passes that desire dwindles, and I'm starting to think that just nopeing out of this sounds like a better option.