I'm 29 and I have gone from having all the potential in the world at 18 to being a shell of a human who has made no impact on the world and has failed at life. Today is the day I end it.I am a fundamentally failed human being who messed up his 20s. Aged 18, I was blessed with intelligence, ok looks, and the potential to become anything. Now, aged 29, my youth is over and I am in a terrible position in life.

I don't see meaning in life at all. Previously my meaning was to just to continue existing, which meant that I developed severe health anxiety because the highest possible goal in my personal framework of meaning was to stay alive. Anything that threatened that goal (ill health) became something I had to deter.

My 20s have been marked by health anxiety, social anxiety and depression while most other people made friends, made memories, and probably slept around a ton. I've been in 2 relationships and that's the extent of my sexual experience.

Career-wise, I earn a pittance. I am submitting my tax returns for this year and the amount I earned is a paltry $25,000. This is from a 29-year-old with a bachelor's degree in actuarial science, which is a high-paying career. I had to give up being an actuary after 12 months when i was 24 because of my anxiety. I have worked online since then as a freelance writer. 

I don't have any friends, just 3 drinking buddies who offer zero support. My "buddies" haven't seen my child even though she is 9 months old. I have a baby daughter with a woman I don't love and with whom I barely communicate. We have sex twice per week but zero emotional intimacy in our relationship.

Today is the day that I officially give up on life. My daughter will grow up in an unhappy household and that is reason enough to kill myself. I see no hope for the future. I am 29 and earning an annual sum of money that would make a 21-year-old retail worker feel ashamed. 

I am entering my 3rd decade of life having made no friends during my 20s. There is literally zero hope of me ever developing a social life. There is zero hope of me ever making up for the failure that my life has been. 

The last decade flashed past and I know I'll be 40 years old even quicker than the time it has taken to get to 30. If I don't kill myself now, I'll continue with a miserable existence, hating life and making no impact on the world.