I feel like an emotional vampire.I am not able to do basic tasks like care for myself. There are always giant knots in my hair and I'm actually too embarrassed to say the last time I showered. My teeth are pretty terrible because I can't handle that either. It is really my teeth that both me the most since I can't grow new ones. I've had one root canal already and I know I need more. They hurt me quite often.

Somehow, I am in a relationship. It is nice, but my lack of taking care of myself and my constant need for attention and validation is taking its toll. I'm not sure he loves me anymore. I go to college and he works. I'm supposed to clean and I don't. I don't pay rent since I have no income, I just mooch. I get frustrated and upset when he reminds me or talks to me about my lack of cleaning the house because I am deeply embarrassed. I know I should not.

It is his ultimate trump card in an argument, but I don't think it is entirely unfair. I'm sure that influences how he reacts to me or whatever.

I had been doing really well in college, but I feel like I just got lucky. I would get A's on chemistry finals because the online teacher passed away, get C's curved up to A's in Organic Chemistry. I recently transfer from a community/state college to a university and I feel I've completely bombed this semester. And I'm mooching off my parents too because they're paying for my college. 

I was looking to go to PA school, but it is so competitive and they don't accept grade replacement, that this fuck up may actually put me entirely out of the running for it. Yet I'm sure no matter what career path I end up in, I will quickly learn to detest it.

The most pathetic part is I'm 24 and only on my 3rd year of undergrad. Most of my classmates are 18 with nearly the same amount of credits from AP classes. Part of the reason I'm behind is from working and going to school part-time, but a lot of it is simply down to my indecisiveness and low tolerance for stress.

I just want to run away from my problems because I feel like the outcomes have narrowed to the point that I will be miserable with any. I'm so scared I'm just an emotional toxic manipulator or, as things get worse and the consequences of my laziness catch up with me, I will be.

I am being treated for ADHD, but the pharmacy never has my medicine in stock and since it is a controlled substance they can't get it shipped from another pharmacy. They can't even hold on to my prescription until it gets in. I should just check other pharmacies, but I just return back to the same one three times and then give up because I lost the prescription.

I'm considering suicide, but I'm also a coward. I would love to just leave the car running in the garage and go to sleep and never wake up, but I fear that would also harm the dog and cats I leave behind. On the other hand, I feel like I'm just thinking about suicide as a tactic to manipulate others, so I don't want to tell anyone about because then I'll just be manipulating them to feel sorry for me.

I know other people have is worse, but I just feel so incompatible with life.