Why can't I feel happyThat is how I feel. I can’t believe I’m actually at a subreddiy like this but it’s getting worse. I’ve long felt I was depressed (my entire life), but this is the first time I’ve actually called it quits.  I love life and the experiences of living, I just hate my own life and would wish it upon nobody. I think the only reason why I haven’t succeeded in killing myself is because of my amazing 3 year old husky. I have to outlive him. But once he's gone my expiration will be soon after. Probably the same day.

There is absolutely nothing wrong in my life with the exception that I don’t fit in.. anywhere. I try to be social, I try to meet new people, but it always fails. I've tried so many different jobs, and education paths, including the military. Nothing ever worked in the long run.  I feel I have a curse on me.  There’s only so many times where you can tell yourself “it’s not you, it’s them”. I’m long beyond that point.

If you knew all about me you’d probably tell me to shut up my life is fine and wonder what my problem is – and I completely agree with you. I don’t know what’s wrong with me  I think I’m a pretty regular guy. I’m in decent shape, attractive, I make ok money, I have no debt, zero health problems. I have my mom (my dad commited suicide when I was 13) and part of me feels like I'm doomed to follow in his footsteps. Like I can almost understand how he was feeling now. Every day is redundant  I’m bored to death. I work a job I hate, and then sleep. For what? What’s the fucking point? 

I’ve tried group activities and other things with friends but it always leaves me feeling worse, wishing I had never gone out to begin with.  I can’t tell you how many times I’ve actually made new friends, only for us to lose touch within a few months. I’m not a bad person at all. I don’t know what I do wrong. I think I have some kind of social phobia / anxiety. Sometimes I do feel great when I get out and things go good, but those days are so rare.

What brought me to the subreddit and the desire to speak up is lately I’ve been picking up unhealthy habbits and ignoring my responsibilities because I just don't care amymore. :/

I just don’t feel that I’m needed or wanted in this world. If I were gone, nobody would miss me.  I don’t matter. With the exception of my husky..


