I fucked up...how could I possibly live with myself after this?Everyone around me has always agreed that I am a very good, moral person and would never do anything to harm another human, much less one of my friends, yet here I am.  What I was just told is very disturbing and I do not know how I will be able to wake up in the morning and look in the mirror.

I'm a young male (about to graduate college in less than a year) and thoughts of ending it all have become increasingly frequent, starting about 6 months ago.  My life has been a consistent shit storm since I was very young, watching half my family lose the battle to cancer, being cheated on by nearly every girl I get close to, and losing my closest friends for various reasons.  The thought of suicide has always disgusted me though, not to mention the impact that would have on my family and friends.

What happened: A few days ago I met up with some friends, drank a bit, then went out to the bar.  We all get fairly intoxicated and return home after a typical night of fun (I was drunk enough to not even remember leaving).  I go to bed with one of the female friends I was with, who I have slept with before (no sex, just cuddling) and start kissing her, ask for a condom, then proceed to have sex and fall asleep.

This is all fine but her recollection is that she woke up to me having non consentual sex with her.  She apparently still had her tampon in, and says to have told me no, which is not anywhere in my memory.

People that take advantage of girls are utter monsters in my eyes.  I recently got out of a very destructive relationship that had me thinking about suicide before, so I have several ways in the back of my head to go about doing it that would be extremely easy.

What did I do? How could I look myself in the eye again? I work to the best of my ability every day to make the people around me happy.  Now my best friends say they can no longer be around me.  And it is financially impossible for me to attempt to start over.  All I have to do is make it look sufficiently enough like an accident to make sure that my family can collect the life insurance that covers all of my debt.  

Im sitting here shaking because I cannot even begin to comprehend how this has happened.  And even if the people I know and care about were able to get over it, I don't think that I would ever be able to put this out of my mind.  I have always been extraordinarily confident in myself, but now I feel as if it would be best for this world if a person like myself were not in it.