Still alone and depressed in Japan...I was hoping to never use this throwaway again. Last year I wrote to you all [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/er8ii/alone_depressed_in_japan/) about what I was going through.  When I logged in today, I was surprised and moved to find 2 of you had even written to follow up a few months later.  I'm sorry I didn't respond, and thank you so much, just knowing that someone cared softened things a bit.  
  

So...yeah.  After that Christmas I spent with you guys... no one ever replied to that email.  Apparently it "made them feel bad" so the people I honestly thought were my best friends in the world... just ignored my suicidal cry for help.  They didn't even really apologize or anything.  I was kinda in shock.  
  

One of my friends in Tokyo did come and cheer me up a bit, took me to see our favorite band New Year's Eve, and she just held me as I sobbed during one song... I wish we lived closer to each other, I really do.  
  

Then... the friend who suddenly went home for Christmas, out of the blue, sends me a mail saying basically "never speak to me again, I'm cutting you off."  There was a long scrawl of "I'm not speaking for EVERYONE" - you're forcing our friends to make a choice, bullshit you're not - and "I think you hate me" or something.. sometimes she pissed me off because she hurt me, but I never hated her.  Until this. FOr a while, instead of thinking about killing myself, I'd think about killing her.  I thought she was my best friend and she completely betrayed me. She ended it with "don't bother replying to this, I won't even read it." I don't even get to fucking respond to her shit, that's all, it's over.  And she's childhood friends with one of the others of our little group, so I knew I had lost right then.  I find out next that she has been talking shit about me for ages, and saying to our friends "don't try to fix things" when they offered to mediate. What the fuck is wrong with these people? I know it's funny for ME to talk, but...


It's been 6 months and I still wish almost every day for that ex-friend to die. I know I gotta let go.  It's so hard. 

The other friends, I barely see anymore. honestly when I do, all it does is make me want to die again.  THey hide shit from me that they do with the other bitch, they never seem to show any concern for me whatsoever, or for my life.  I tried so hard with the remaining 2 friends at first, thinking "if I'm the most awesome friend ever, they won't leave me, I won't lose."  THey'd come out if I invited them, but almost never contacted me.  I had to buy THEM fucking drinks on MY 30TH BIRTHDAY. (THe only present I got was from a coworker who I currently have some weird... something going on, but he has a girlfriend so that's another dead end) I ask them how they're doing and they will talk and talk... but no one ever asks how I'm doing. They'll ignore me for a month or more at a time. If I am around them they just toss around their own little in-jokes they've developed (these 2 work together now) and I feel like an ass just being there. 

The 3 of us went to a concert a few months ago.  One of the members, the favorite of my 1 friend, had recently gotten arrested and kicked out - now they were performing without him and said friend started crying.  I put my arm around her, trying to comfort her, because since last breakdown I'd kinda vowed not to let other people feel like I had... she wouldn't accept the hug completely, like she was holding herself away from me... and then she reached past me to the other friend.


That's when I realized there's nothing I can do, these people won't even accept my sympathy, let alone give me any.  As we walked to the station (and they suddenly drop on me that they're going straight home), they walk on ahead of me and don't even notice that I am crying and scratching desperately at my wrist hoping to draw blood.  I wanted to die right there, so badly, and all I could see were their backs getting smaller in the distance.  when they finally saw me at the station they asked what was wrong and both gave me this look like they were just... annoyed.  


Then they ignored me for a month.  I was almost starting to recover, forget about them and try to move on, alone or not...then I get some kind of halfass invitation and all my self-control goes out the window.  Seems like right now I'm there to front them money for concert tickets (then when I ask for the money they don't reply to my mails) and to randomly invite me to shit then flake on me. But I don't have anyone else, and getting cut off by the other bitch hurt so much that I don't want to do it to other people... I wish I was crazy enough to just scream at them, tell them how I feel, but I can't, I'm too scared. I keep thinking "maybe they aren't really bad friends, maybe it's just because I"m crazy," I can't trust any of my feelings anymore.  Other friends I hadn't talked to for a while, I contact, but they don't understand how much I need to see SOMEONE and flake on me for shit like "I'm doing something else that afternoon so I'd be all sweaty and have to go home and shower if I hung out with you." Just now the "your letter made me feel bad so I didn't write back" friend told me the thing she had invited me to got cancelled, right as I was about to get on the train... and she's "too tired from work this week so can't go out... but let's have dinner or something next week!" - where she'll just be fucking tired again.  I mean nothing to her. I mean nothing to anyone.  WHy did she even bother?


I finally found an English-speaking psychotherapist. He's out of the country until mid-August but I DID contact him and I WILL be getting counselling and possibly meds starting next month if I hold on.... but I'm just so fucking lonely and I literally have no one to talk to. I can't let anyone else know I'm so fucked up, reaching out to my friends just made me lose all of them and now I'm 30 fucking years old and completely alone and I just want it to stop. I caught myself looking around for sharp objects so I came here to try and let it out instead... 


**TL;DR:** Reaching out to my friends when I had my first breakdown just made them all push away and ignore me, thought I was making progress but keep backsliding, starting to wonder what's the point again