19, and already done with life. Need advice before I end itI'm not too sure how to start about something like this, so I'm just going to jump right into it. I'm 19 and have suffered from depression since I was a kid, I've been on numerous amounts of medication, seen at least 10 therapists, and nothing has helped. I've tried to kill myself 3 times and the 3rd time my parents put me in the hospital, when I got out my parents kicked me out of the house and my girlfriend of a year cheated on me while I was in the hospital and broke up with me once I was out. I'm living with a friend right now but I just don't know how much longer I can do this. I lost the love of my life, I lost my entire family, I'm not going to college, I'm growing up to be a bum nobody in life and it scares me and makes my depression even worse, ever since I got out of the hospital I've been on no medications and I feel a tiny bit better, but not enough, I still want to end my life every day, I've cried in the shower almost every day since I got kicked out, witch was about 2-3 months ago. I still can't get over my ex, I think about the future and all I see for myself is me becoming a nobody, I'll be broke and lonely forever. I used to think that it will only get better from here, everything heals in time, I can't stay sad forever, but I've been thinking that for years and I'm tired of waiting for my time to come around where I finally know what it's like to be happy. I have decided I'm going to start saving up my money to buy a gun, in my state you have to be 21 to buy a handgun so I'm going to have someone else purchase it for me, i want one that I can guarantee will blow my brains out. I just can't live anymore knowing I'm going to grow up being broke, alone, and a nobody. I hate myself so much that every second of every day I wish someone would just rush up to me and shoot me in the head, I have no reason or purpose to live anymore. If I'm not dead within the next 2 months I will be throughly surprised. If anyone even reads this, I want you to know that there isn't a solution for everything and sometimes we aren't meant to be on this earth, sometimes life just doesn't workout how we want it to, if I'm sad and depressed 100% of my life, then what's the point of living anymore? 