Not planning anything, but need to vent before it gets out of handHey, so I'm really prone to deep depression and I can feel myself spiralling a bit right now. So I want to just get stuff off my chest before I really need this sub if that makes sense. No need to read it all, I just need to write it down so I feel better.

I'm a trans woman in early stages of transition. I came out to myself last year, went through a breakup and loss of relationships with family.  The entire year became a massive fucking grind full of unhappiness, loneliness, and crying. I became preoccupied with my gender identity and started making mistakes at work frequently. Ppl all around me were being given long term personal leave to deal with their stupid shit but my doctor just wanted to medicate me and send me back to work.

I am resentful that I am always the one having to tough it out while others get looked after. As if gender transition isn't a big enough deal on top of everything else, and then constantly being berated for my mistakes at work which only fueled my anxiety and feeling of wanting to isolate myself. And once i came out at work, having to show up at work in front of constantly judging eyes when I just want time and space to explore and reform my presentation in private without the pressure of being looked at and judged.

2014 was fucked. A whole year of shit is a long time to just grind out and be unhappy. But I persevered.

Now I am 3 months in and starting to feel better, I have completely changed my presentation, spend a truck load of money on new clothes, a wig, makeup and stuff. And rather than just letting me be happy, ppl are like "you should get a human hair wig" or "you should do your makeup this way", or buy these shoes or blah blah blah. Now I know I'm doing great with my presentation considering where I was at recently, I just wish they'd acknowledge how fucking well I'm doing rather than just dismiss that and tell me what I haven't done yet as if I don't already know.

Then this week, my wig is practically dying after only a week (synthetic in summertime just doesn't seem to work - I spent a lot on it) and I'm feeling devastated that I'll have to either wear it to work looking like shit, go back to my natural hair, or spend even more on a human hair wig. All in front of judging eyes. I just wish I could hide away until my transition was over and actually just focus on being a girl and on being me just for once in my fucking life.

I was pretty suicidal before Christmas, but I found a casual hookup for a month or sl which pulled me out of my moods for a while. I was starting to feel optimistic about my life and make plans to live an authentic life from now on. But she is moving back interstate in a few days, and now my hair is dying I have spent all that money and still can't present as my authentic self any more. I don't want to leave my apartment any more, because with my natural hair I can't even go to the bathroom when I'm out without getting shit because someone thinks I'm a guy being creepy, even tho I'm in full female clothes and carry a handbag.

Tl;dr transwoman transitioning, can't deal with life, just want time to become myself at my own pace. New wig died and it is like losing my soul. I finally found an identity I could be happy with and a week later it's gone anf I'm embarrassed and ashamed. I have lost my will to get up and be myself, and i just want to lie in the dark and not feel these feelings and not be seen by anyone for about a year when I look like an actual girl.

Tl;dr again, why does life have to be so hard?