i seriously don't want to be around anymorecurrently going through a break up that i thought can be redeemable.. the cause wasnt anything awful like, abuse, cheating or anything else that can be thought of as being a very obvious reason to leave someone. ive been unemployed for about 9 months and have had really close opportunities to have landed ones that i quite liked but they all just fell through for their budget reasons to "over qualified".. and she's been really supportive during all of that and wanted to buy me dinner when we went out or drinks when she brought me along to hang with her friends. i never asked her to pay for my car or other important bills ive had. we dont live together so there wasnt rent to cover either.. two years. two years of a REALLY great and fun relationship that i, no, we were very happy in. we were our own very best friends. ive never felt so comfortable with anyone in my life, other than my mom. and just almost 3 week ago she left me because of my depression and stress getting the better of me and causing me to get angry at small things, on top of her helping out her mom with her house bills since her mom has been unemployed for longer than i have. so two people she really cares about just going through the worst mental states. and im trying to give you guys insight on her reasons and not just pans her to be a soulless bitch or anything like that. so, i held onto hope that she just wanted to give me this harsh push to fix my problems and we can resume working through everything else together as a team. and just tonight.. i find out she deleted one of our photos but left some other ones and it made my heart sink deeply. after all those days of telling her i still love her and miss her and her reciprocating those feelings and not as "just friends" i thought there was a real shot here. so i text her and as politely as possible to ask why that happened and she said "i dont need it there? we're not together anymore?" mind you this after she mentioned the extreme pain that i know she gets from her periods.. but still.. the rest of the conversation went up and down and ended negatively after i just said let just clear things up tomorrow because i feel like we are under the assumption of the other person trying to start an argument, which isnt the case. i know it seems like im trying to get relationship advice on here and maybe i am or maybe not. this person loved me with what i was pretty sure was everything she had. she would have lan parties in my room at my place and we'll play different games on our ps4's with our own tvs, or she'll watch gundam with me or pretty much any other sweet ass anime that i'll introduce her to or one that we both want to give a shot to. same with buying each other manga, games, building lego star wars kits because we both love star wars. we love the same franchises, extremely an over all what im trying to say here is that we didnt have to try to force ourselves to like what the other partner likes, you know? i mean, christ, she started wanting a subaru wrx really badly because of me and wanted to learn more about cars and actually mean it. she bought me tickets to achieve one of my dreams to drive a ferrari and lamborghini. she did that and soo much more. just to paint a picture of how compatible we were together. we never had serious fights, just the typical arguments that any relationship has and would get resolved and cleared up that very moment. i could go on forever with how seriously in love with her i am and i know, in my gut and heart that she loved me just as much, with all that she did for me and said to me over the years... its just hard for me believe it came to what it is now.. it makes me cry even having to come to this spot and to type out some of the very fantastic memories i have of her. she still has our photos up on her facebook and instagram aside from the one i mentioned. its just, with her i felt at home and safe and the only person i could turn to with my inner problems or worries about life. she made me feel like i can do it, and we can get our dream cars and have already looked at places together which she never wanted to do with anyone else before. she gave me the same inspiration that my mom gave me, and i dont just throw that meaning around, which leads to another reason why im posting here.. at the age of 22 i lost my mom to the bullshit fucking thing called cancer and it happened while i was at work and couldnt say "i love you" or "goodbye" and she couldnt have done the same for me. right after she started to get better with haing energy and speaking.. there was a week were she forgot who i was and was angry with me and kept asking where her son was.. it hurt so bad because i know my mom would never have wanted that to happen to me to see her like that or for her to forget her only child. after she left, i had to stay in her apartment for a month and a half, with all of her things constantly around me and i didnt really want to distance myself from those things either.. i still miss her now, id be asking her what i could be doing right now or she'll tell me i'll get the girl im talking about back. i have no support like that anymore. on august 1st at 11:49pm i found out it was a day to celebrate with your girlfriend, which isnt a big thing but i know i wouldve sent something very heartfelt and sweet to my love and i noticed that in 10 minutes that it would be midnight which meant it was my moms birthday.. so back to back in a span of 11 minutes, two days that i couldnt spend time with or say anything nice to the two people that i held closest to my very own heart. just think about how that could feel. i seriously broke down very hard right in front of my friend and he felt helpless to know how that could ever feel. he tried his best and as the days go by i feel like more and more of my friends kinda dont know what to say or want to say anything anymore. the remaining ones believe i can get her back after i land a job and prove that once i do the rest of the mental problems will subside but.. with all this, its too awful. and im not new to break ups, ive had them before. the one before this ended up with her cheating on me during the relationship a few times, which i found out afterwards, and she started having sex with a close friend of mine a week after we broke up. then my whole group just flocked to her and became her friends since their best friend is now dating her and still is to this day. so dealt with betrayal in a massive way with that and it sucks. i felt way better about it when i was with the one im actually in love with, lets call her kaitlyn. for over two years i couldnt have cared less about that awful breakup and loss of so-called friends. but now, i just feel like theyre all laughing at me and i know they probably dont even know what happened with me. but it sucks that the shittier people get to stay happy while the guy that deserves something good just lost another chunk of his heart. after losing more and more pieces of it. even when my little friend - jerry, a cat i had since i was 6 got poisoned by some fucker since he was an outdoor cat and i had to hold his paw as he slowly passed away at the vet because I had to make the decision to put him down, my own buddy, and i had to listen to his broken meows as if he was saying "good bye" or "ill miss you" something.. and guys.. pleease understand that i wouldnt be this distraught over someone i honestly feel like i could replace. please understand that. i dont want to stop fighting for her or give up on her and i know the irony of it of me wanting to end myself is technically giving up. but can you blame me? i was literally searching for this kind of relationship, best friend that i instinctively knew that i could be with for the rest of my life and have a partner in crime and the same goes for me to her. it was so easy to tell her how pretty she was when she was just waking up and she'll always do this cute disagree grunt. it was so esay to kiss her while i wake up at night and shes still sleeping and see her smirk a little as shes deep asleep still. i dont know anyone on here but please feel what im trying to say here. this isnt just some other girl, ive dealt with those before many times without much concern cuz i knew there was no future and finally someone i feel my mom wouldve loved and totally approved and somehow sent to meet me. the kind of girl my wouldve said "i told you you'd find her" after always talking with my mom about my uncertainty of finding someone that gets me and will actually think im great in every way i am. there's so much more i wanna say but i dont want to just over extend my stay here.. i just feel like im at the end of my ropes, the final thin string i have left and honestly just using my dads custom AR and shooting my heart feels like the only choice to make me rid of all this pain. this pain of losing everything that i held so close to my heart and made me so happy. and now all that happiness is gone, forever. i would used to draw gundams and cars when i had my mom and when i was with katie i started doing it again and started a deviantart account with the sort of ambition of maybe starting to sell my work and katie wanted to paint the ones i did on canvas. like the one she still has of mine and says she wants to finish for me and wants to still go to flight of the conchords with me. she also had the first family i really loved. i got along with all of them and played the most vulgar cards against humanity with the without feeling like i have to "pretend" to be someone else. it was all so great. it was so great to have had my mom around and to have had friends around at all times. i just wish i wasnt this living example of "dont take having a mom for granted" or "dont take your loving gf for granted" or "make sure you say i love you to the ones that matter to you, because who knows what could happen to them", all these fucking life examples that other people could just use me for to enhance their life experiences. like some fucking joke that god is making. ive written a letter to her and its 4 pages long and i plan to make another one for everyone else and explain my reasonings. its just that, if everyone says life sucks and shitty things always happens then why? why even bother living it? so you could have a few good experiences hidden underneath the mountains of piece of shit moments that cripple you and permanently scar you mentally. enough so, that it'll ruin your views and feelings towards anyone else you'd meet, friend or whatever else.. i know im always going to have this sick feeling that if this doesnt all pan out and we get back together or at least get more of a sign of that. that ill just always go through life thinking about the actual one that got away and how i had no control of it and i'd probably be alone and depressed even more and wondering who she' be seeing or who had sex with her. shit that would make your heart decay and body sick. thats what my brain does. thinks of futures without people i care about that arent going to be there and know how much more alone ill be and fucking hate every second of it. thats why im here, and wanting to do it with every hour that passes because there is no logical reason to stay anymore without just prolonging my pain. and hearing "move on" or "you'll get over it" literally infuriates me to no end. it makes me sad that my life has gotten to this point but it would just make me sadder to continue being alive to let it eat me alive that much longer.. im sorry guys and thanks for even reading this. 