Been feeling like suicide and murder for years. Post too long so it continues in comments.I wrote some comments in another subreddit and I linked to them earlier. Now I think it's time to start a thread here and tell you about my problems, my inability to cope with anything and my refusal to accept any kind of medical treatment. It's a long and twisted story (especially the ending), so brace yourselves. These are only a few bits of my fucked-up thoughts. I am afraid to write the worst of my feelings. I'm the kind of guy who thought about killing his parents when he was younger, except that I never stopped thinking about it. Except my job and most of the time spent with my first gf, I can't think of a single thing that ever happened to me and I enjoyed. For decades I hoped for a sign, for some good luck, but it never came to me. I didn't wait for it, just hoped for it. If there is a God, he's a mean son of a bitch who should leave that job to someone else, 'cause he sucks at it.

When I was young, I noticed I couldn't stand loud noises. When my parents were yelling at me, I would put my hands on the top of my head and assume a bit of the fetal position. My dad always laughed at me for doing that and asked me why I was doing it. I replied that I didn't know and he told me to stop doing it, so I did. That's because I do almost anything I am told to do on the spot if someone raises their voice to a certain level. If they speak louder than that, I freeze and don't know what to do. Because of this, my parents have found an easy way to make me feel bad about things and tell me what I should feel. If I didn't want to eat a kind of meat because I didn't like it, they would tell me to feel bad because there were children starving in Africa and for 20 years I've felt bad whenever I had something, thinking that there were children starving in Africa who didn't even had food. I feel needs, like having a computer, eating decent food, drinking soda, smoking (the last two are vices, but that makes me feel even worse) and whenever I get something I want, I start to feel bad for those people who don't have what they need. My mother had a very difficult childhood (abandoned) and she kept poking my eyes out with it all the time. They told me what to feel good about and what to feel bad about. It didn't really work. I just kept feeling worse and worse, because I didn't really feel like they told me to. I did my best to act like it, but what I felt was still what I felt. I have an older brother who constantly told me what movies to like and not to like. I haven't watched so many movies I wished I had watched when I was younger... I am extremely stubborn, because I always demand perfection in everything I do. If I know I can't do it "right", I don't do it at all. If I make a decision, I stick with it no matter what. When I was 8 years old I read a couple of very sad stories for school and I cried for hours, so I decided books were bad and I stopped reading anything, afraid that I might find other sad stories. My parents also didn't help by not letting me change my mind about anything. If I said something, I had to stick with it for good. If I changed my mind, they made me feel horrible. I did my best to be like them, to like the things they like and hate the things they hate. I was always looking fora bit of approval from my father, but I never got it. They, especially my father, were always busy approving and helping my older brother, because he was skinnier than me so he appeared helpless. I recently saw *Everybody loves Raymond* and I was profoundly marked by a scene in which Raymond asked his parents why they weren't helping his depressed brother and just kept making things difficult for him. His parents replied "Oh, he can handle things on his own, you're the one that needs help". In my case, I was the one to ask them why they weren't helping me at all with anything in school and they said "Oh, your brother needs help, you don't". Whenever I tried to do something (hobbies, homework, chores) they always expected the same results from me as they got from my older brother, but I was never as good as him, because I was years behind him. It's nice when a kid wants to help his father fix the car. My brother always got to do that, but I never did. I wanted to learn things just like him about electronics and mechanics, but he always pushed me away. So there we were, my father outside fixing the car, my brother helping him and me being pushed away because I was "in the way" and asked a lot of questions. What was I to do? I went to my mother, who was a housewife. She spent most of her time cooking, cleaning and watching TV. She loved to cook and I went to help her. I enjoyed being in the kitchen, because I was finally learning to do some grown-up things, even if they weren't what I wanted. And then my dad and my brother would come home and laugh at me and mock me saying that my penis will fall off. After a while, I stopped seeking approval from my mother and just watched TV *all day long*. She wouldn't let me go outside and play because it was "dangerous". There were two kinds of children: the bad ones (who did bad things) and the spoiled ones (who had cool toys). She wouldn't let me stay around the ones that were "bad" (playing, taking risks, running after the ball in front of a car like a 4 year old would) and the good, "spoiled" ones wouldn't let me hang around them because I didn't have anything to share. One day my parents decided that I didn't need toys anymore and threw them all away so TV was all I had. When other kids in kindergarten were getting some cool small cheap toy cars, it became a trend. I didn't get one even after crying in the store, because, as my mother said, I didn't need one. Then, there was the feeding. It was horrible. I loved food, but they just kept feeding me and feeding me to the point where I was obese. It was considered to be a good thing for a child to eat, because that meant he was healthy. In kindergarten I would always get two sandwiches, because my mother thought it was good for me. I kept telling her I couldn't eat them, but she wouldn't listen. I started throwing one away when the teacher wasn't looking, but I soon had to stop after she found out and talked to my mother about it. They both forced me to eat as much as *they* felt was right. It was a fun day, we were supposed to go in a neighboring classroom and watch cartoons on a TV&amp;VCR one of the popular kids' parents brought to school. Everyone went, except me. The teacher wouldn't let me go until I finished my food. This kept happening all the time, kids were finishing their food and going outside to play on break, while I was left there alone but supervised until I finished all my food. I once made a friend, but he didn't belong to the right religion, so they made me stop talking to him. I had no idea what religion was at that time and I was already a bit of atheist when I started asking questions about God and getting incomplete answers, answers that didn't fit together or were just plain ridiculous.