i can't handle that she's gone. I'm getting ready to die.I can't handle that she's gone. I can't live like this, the pain is unbearable and I see no future worth living.

We were together for 6 years. We had our ups and downs, mainly through my fault, but we were so good together. I got a job in the USA from Europe and decided to pursue it and that she would come along later. We were going to get married so she could join me. After 6 weeks of being apart I stopped caring and gave up on her. I ended it with her. She was devastated. I refused to take her back. 

I was upset and wanted to take her back, but needed time to think. Then 5 weeks later it sunk in: I'd felt so distant from her and I was overworking, so I made a bad decision, but she is my one and only. There can never anyone else. 

But it was too late. She hates me. She hates us. Shes hates I left. She's happy now without me. She has a new bf already. She won't talk to me, except to discuss the money I owe her. She blocks me when I beg.

And that's it. My stupid action destroyed my love. Neither of us did anything wrong. I just wasn't thinking straight.

Well it's been more weeks. I dream of her every night. I dream she's taken me back and I break down and cry. But when I wake up she's gone.

I've been depressed before. The worst is when you no longer fear ending your life, it just feels normal and natural. I'm reaching that point. I think about it all the time. I'm almost ready. I can't stay alive for the people around me, I'm sorry. I can't feel this pain constantly with no future and no hope. I feel like it's all been leading up to this point. The only thing keeping me going is the hope she'll change her mind. Soon I'll message her and ask if there is any way she'll just use a conversation with me if I come home. If not I think I'll call that it. She won't agree to meet me though. I know.

I'm almost there, I can feel it coming. I was playing around with a belt around my neck earlier - it triggers my gag reflex but it feels like the way i'd want to do it.