I'm seriously considering killing myself just so I don't have to go to work anymoreI'm a printing press operator. Never intended to become one, but my original graphic designer thing didn't work out and I kind of just stuck in the printing industry on a different position.

Every day of my life is the same: I wake up, I go to work, I have my breakfast, I print things, I have my lunch, I print some more things, I go home.  

It's not a horrible job. But it's very boring and it goes on and on and on. I spend 45 hours per week on it and still can't afford to go to the dentist or get a pair of boots for the winter or fix my ancient bathroom.

I don't really have anything going on aside from this job either. In the last couple of years I practically stopped enjoying all the things I used to like: books, video games, movies. If I have time to myself, I either mindlessly browse the internet, mindlessly walk or mindlessly eat food I shouldn't really be eating.

Mostly though I spend my free time with my boyfriend of 3 years which has become insanely draining and boring as well. I have nothing to talk to him about anymore because nothing ever happens in my life. I know he doesn't really love me but rather just clings onto me out of loneliness and I'm not sure I'm even capable of feeling anything for anyone myself, so god knows why we go on like that.

I used to feel miserable about all of that stuff but lately it's like something just broke inside of me. It must be the repetitiveness of my job that finally got to me. I feel nothing. I am just numb and tired. I'm sitting in my print shop right now and I simply don't want to be here. I want all of it to stop already, forever.

When I think about death I do so in a creepily calm way I never did before. Death actually sounds like something nice now, not like a dramatic escape from another episode of intense sadness. Death sounds soothing. Because if I die I can finally get some rest and I won't have to come to work tomorrow. Hell, I won't have to come anywhere at all, ever. My teeth will never hurt, my feet will never get cold and I'll never have to see that moldy rotten abomination of a bathroom ever again.

Please someone talk to me.

