I tried to OD on Xanax and alcohol on Wednesday because I lost a minimum wage job.I got fired from a pizza place because I was counting a drawer to slowly. I was going slowly as I had not counted a drawer in over two years, as I had been working at a well paying but very stressful call center job, which I eventually had to quit for mental health reasons. 

Previously, no one had said anything to me about the pace of my work at the pizza place. In fact, I was complemented by customers on my speed and even given a tip while taking a pizza out to the dining area, which is not customary at this business. 

The attempt, I guess you'd say, was impulsive on my part. I had really needed the pizza job, as my only other source of income right now is as a search engine evaluator working from home. The organization I work from doles out hours sparsely, has standards that are difficult to understand and even harder to meet, and does everything they can to not pay their employees. I arrived home angry after being fired, and my room mate, who works from home as a representative for the same call center which I quit back in March, snaps at me for going up the stairs too loudly. So, I shout back at him, a person who I've known for almost 15 years and never had an argument with, and, in what is best described as acting without thinking, took all of the Xanax that I had in my room (probably about 14 or 15 pills) and ran to the liquor store. There, I got some sort of fruit flavored vodka cooler, downed it as fast as I can, and had a friend come pick me up to drive me to this house show we were supposed to play. 

My memory's a bit hazy at this point, but she got me there and eveyone got clued in on what was happening. They let me lay down on the couch and people checked in on my breathing. The next thing I remember was waking up on that couch the next day. People seemed glad that I was OK, I guess. Obviously, we didn't play. It was going to be the first show of a new project of mine, and I let a lot of people down.

I saw my therapist Friday morning, and she really wanted to hospitalize me, but I refused, as I had thought the worst of it had passed and my hospitalization would just waste time and make my financial issues worse. Immediately after therapy I went to pick up my only check from the job, where there was an incident between me and the manager who had fired me. This is not something I'm proud of and it's never happened before. 

I'm supposed to see my therapist again on Monday. I'm trying to get my psychiatrist's appointment moved up, as my therapist has recommended increasing my Lexapro dose. I guess I've survived a suicide attempt now, with very little physical harm, so I should consider myself lucky. All I feel is scared, guilty, and some of the most intense depression I've experienced since I've been on meds.  