I'm so alone and confused and I need to write this all down and get it out there somewhereThis is going to be a hell of a post so no one will probably get through it but I congratulate and apologize to anyone who does. I scroll through reddit but I've never actually made an account- my friend says she likes it a lot here and I found this thread somehow and I really like the Guidelines a lot. I've never seen a forum or even a site so directive on how people should respond that really focuses it to the OP and I think it's really cool and nice.... I don't really know if posts get responses but this is sort of a racked-my-brain-for-the-last-idea thing because I don't really have anyone anymore. Internet friends included. Just for context: I'm 20 and in my junior year at a university 

I don't really have anywhere to go anymore but I feel like I'm losing it. I used to go to my grandma, but my mom told me not to do that (my assumption is my grandma doesn't like it and mentioned something to my mom about it) and I understand because other people's mental health problems/problems in general can be really overwhelming or taxing for some people to deal with and people shouldn't HAVE to deal with other people's problems. I can't go to my family because it will further this whole "problematic child" label I already have (I'm the oldest of three and have already been in the hospital multiple times since high school, and my other two siblings both are smart and can do things well (I don't really have any talents, I just can do everything pretty mediocre) I can't talk to my closest friend (I don't really have a best friend) because she just got out of a mental hospital and is so positive and happy and I will do anything that could potentially affect that because I am SO happy for her. If I talk to anyone I know in college or family it will perpetuate this entire stigma everyone has against me that I'm dramatic and crazy. I'm not trying to over exaggerate but I talk about mental health a lot anyways, I like furthering the discussion and making sure people are informed and learning new information so I can always be informed to the best ability- talking about solutions and ways to get help- I'm that person. But I can never ask for help, people just find me when I've already done something to myself I can't take back- so because I don't ask anyone for help really- I don't ask to talk to anyone- all they know is I'm the girl with like five hospital trips and scars and that makes me dramatic and crazy. 

I've been having conflicting thoughts and it's freaking me out because the negative ones seem more concrete than they have in the past. Seeing my friend's response to getting out of the hospital, feeling renewed, and having a plan, feeling genuinely better- was so, well... genuine and definite. I watched the new series 13 Reasons Why because I had read the book when I was younger (I actually really don't prefer either the show or the book) but the show did the entire suicide (if anyone per chance is reading, it's not spoiler) thing pretty graphically and blatant at the end, and I saw the main character's just definite-ness in everything. So I saw two different forms of definite thinking today- one positive, one negative and both are ruminating inside my head but what I'm lacking and what I've always lacked is my friend saw a future for herself in her positive renewal. The reason I've never experience that definite "I'm going to turn my life around" feeling is because I cannot see a future for myself. There is nothing I'm spectacular at- there are things I'm relatively good at but they're also unrealistic to build anything off of and no one else really believes in me and I don't either. The only thing I picture happening when I graduate university and run out of school I'm societally expected to finish, all I can picture happening is moving back in with my parents and it's so bleak. There is no future for me. Then I started thinking. and thinking. and thinking. And then I was watching cars run past an intersection and thinking about what speed I would have to run at what point the cars crossed the intersection for enough damage to at least be in a coma and realizing how desperate I was to just opt out of life by any form possible. I feel as though I might go back self harm which I haven't done anything with for over a year now and it's scary. It's scary because I feel a weird calm about everything and a weird calm about the suicidal thoughts popping into my brain constantly. I'm scared and I feel so alone and I apologize for this long ass awful post but I just didn't know where to go.