I don't know to do help please what it's the point on keep living?(First of all, sorry for my English, I'm a native Spanish speaker from Argentina)
I don't know what fucking else to do. I'm so fucking sad, I don't see the point on keep living but I don't dare to kill myself. Recently I told my parents how I feel about life and how I don't see joy in anything I do and all I want is kill myself because I was having a mental breakdown almost everyday. My mom just brush it off and now she doesn't talk to me and my dad just yelled at me and said I don't think about him and if I die who is gonna take care of him because all his family left him (bc he is a fucking narcissist) and he and my mom keep telling me I'm a selfish person for feeling this way. I told them they are the selfish ones bc they see how much I'm suffering and want me to keep going just for they benefit. My few friends don't even care when I told them I wanna kill myself. All I do all day is lay in bed crying, wake up at 4 am to go to work, come back home and keep crying in bed. Once month I go out with a friend bc otherwise they stop talking to me and tell me I'm a bad friend, but I still feel horrible even if I'm with friends or drunk or high. Nothing brings me joy. Also the other day I heard my dad talking to a friend and he said that I said everything it for attention bc otherwise I wouldn't go to work or eat or talk to friends. So I guess I just have to fucking kill myself to them to realize but I can't do it. I tried cutting my wrists when I was younger but I couldn't make it, and I still have the scar and that makes me remember how badly it hurts. I also tried with pills but I didn't work either I just throw up. Also the thought of someone finding me dead it's haunting me bc I don wanna be a burden for anyone. I wanna go to fucking nowhere and die alone but I don how what to do. I'm so sad I don't know what to do I literally can't stand it no more.  I literally can't see ONE thing to keep living. I don't understand how does everybody keep living