Please helpFirst of all I apologize if my post is very cluttered and unorganized, I feel too anxious at the moment. It's been, I believe, at least a year since I've had any genuine suicidal thoughts. 

This might be kind of long, but please bear with me. I desperately need help. Understand that I am usually the kind of person who "deals with it" when I have problems, in a sense ignoring them and putting them aside for later. Discussing and sharing my condition is really difficult for me. 

After breaking up with my girlfriend of many years, it finally hit me that I have no friends. I have no friends, I have no social life either. I'm always at home, doing nothing but playing video games and just casually browsing the Internet. I really hate myself for doing that, but I can't seem to stop. I want to have a social life and I want friends, but it just feels difficult for me now. I'll explain why I think that.

I have a lot of social anxiety. I've never been diagnosed with anything because I have never seen a doctor for this (should I?). My hands get sweaty and shaky while I'm around other people and I tend to glance around everywhere nervously. Every time I have to talk to somebody, I feel pressured to answer that person immediately and "perfectly", in a way that satisfies them. That leads to me stuttering, not knowing what to say, and just making a fool out of myself. 

Because of the way I was raised, I've always been insecure about everything. I will never offer my opinions in any sort of conversation or talk about myself because I feel that either the other person/people do not care, or that they'll be entirely against it, making me feel like an idiot. I was with my ex for several years and I could still not comfortably talk openly about myself to her all the time, how fucking pathetic is that?

I guess I do have one friend still, him and I are very close too. But we rarely hang out because he is very busy with his job on the weekends, and then family/college stuff during the entire week. Even when I am with him, a part of my mind feels compelled to treat that time with him as a sort of "business", as if I am forcing myself to put up with that situation rather than willingly participating in it for my own good. Even around him (a guy I've known for most of my life), I feel very stiff and robotic-like. I've told him about this too.

I lack self-confidence. I'm really skinny and tall, and while I am mostly composed of muscle, I am still underweight. I think I look ugly in many ways, from my hair and face all the way down to my legs and feet. My ex would constantly compliment me and say I look nice and whatnot, but I could never take her seriously, a part of me firmly believed that I could never be good looking. I have fucking bony hands that embarrass the hell out of me. It's hard to find nice fitting clothes because a lot of stuff either ends up being too baggy or too short on me. 

In addition to the previous paragraph, yes, I have tried working out and eating healthy. But I stopped for a long time. I don't know why, but my stomach just seems to refuse food when I reach a certain point, even if I am starving. Because of this, I feel VERY hungry almost all the time, yet I feel too "sick" to eat. Then that leads to the inability to sleep, study, work out, etc. 

My thoughts are always racing and my head feels heavy all the time, as if it's carrying some sort of unreasonable burden. I am uptight and nervous all the time, even when I am alone (like right now). I fantasize too much, and I want so much. But at the same time, I try to justify me not having a social life by blaming other people. I fucking hate myself for doing that, and I know I am wrong in every way, but it had comforted me for a good length of time. Until now, I guess.

I'm so lost. I really want to end it now. I've been a very optimistic person for a long time, pushing and motivating myself to keep going through tough times but I am seriously so hopeless right now. I'm so lost and confused. I don't really see the point in continuing to exist. I haven't really planned a suicide attempt or anything, mainly because the large, naive part of me really wishes somebody would help me out of this tight spot. I am really so lost and so anxious, you would not believe how difficult it is for me to whine and vent like this. I am extremely uncomfortable with it. Please, give me any advice that you can come up with based on my petty situation. And if you can, please be nice. I hate to sound like a "pussy", but I am currently in a very sensitive and vulnerable position.


TL;DR - No friends, no social life. Don't know how to make friends or talk to people. Very anxious and uptight all the time. No self-confidence, motivation, or desire to keep going. Lonely and sensitive. Please help, I don't WANT to kill myself but I am in a very dark state of mania at the moment. 