What do I do with myselfHello everyone, I'm not really sure where to start. I'm currently a 19 y/o (almost 20) college student and working part time. I honestly try my best and wanting better for myself. I have a couple mental illnesses which makes life on me very hard and being to talk to people even harder. I've been diagnosed with OCD, major depression disorder, selective mutism, aspergers and severe anxiety disorder (I take medicine for it). I have a hard time socializing  and communicating with people. I had very little amount of friends when I was younger and I was bullied as well. I'm just a mess all around and have a very hard time functioning with myself without blaming myself. I also struggle in school because I have dyslexia and trying to do math for me is extremely hard. It takes me a lot longer than most people understand the lesson on that day. All of this with my mom being a very confusing person to me makes me feel so lonely and bad that I think about suicide everyday I live. Last time I told her "I love you" or anything along the lines of that was probably 8+ years ago I believe. I never want to give her hugs or say that to her because I don't feel any affection from her and I don't really want it from her. When I was little my parents had a very good relationship, they seem to care about one another and they seemed like they enjoyed being around me. They also helicoptered parented me too and I don't know how to do much for myself. Then just one day when my dad started to having to take medicine to treat his depression and anxiety everything just went down hill. Me and my family hung out less and less, my dad especially didn't seem to care much about me or my mother. My parents relationship went downhill as well and they argued constantly and sometimes would get into very scary physical fighting. Which now affects me today in which my relationships never last longer than a month or two because I'm scared of committing. Whenever I got in trouble with my parents no matter the case my mother would scream and shout at me until I would be crying. At times she physically abused me by punching me and trying to destroy some of my possessions. I never fought back at her unless I felt it was very necessary to do so. I didn't really get a scar or bruises when this stuff would have happened. My is a very outgoing and center of the attention of whatever might be happening, she likes talking with people all the time and seems to like put on a fake face and life when she talks with whomever. You would honestly wouldn't be able to tell that she would be the kind of person that would've done to their child. I work with her currently at my current job because if it weren't for her I wouldn't be able to get a job by myself. She tells me a lot that I'm lazy and that I would be fired if I worked at a different place because the way I act. I don't ever want to start anything with her at work but she seems to want to start it no matter what. The other day I was asking her a question and she then started to embarrass me in front of a co-worker. She told me "You need to grow up and learn to do stuff yourself". She always seems to want to embarrass me as much as possible, then she asked why I never talk to her or share my personal life. I honestly try my best to do stuff for myself but she always threatens me that she will kick me out if I don't take more classes in college or figure out what to major in. I'm so lost in to want to do with my life for a career, I'm honestly trying my very best to do good in college but she doesn't think so. She had always told me that I was very lucky to even get into college (I get it paid for because of my disabilities) and that I should be thankful. I am very thankful for being able to go to college but I just don't know if it's truly for me and if so what do I do with my life if I drop out? I don't know what to do with myself because I'm very limited with my life currently. I either have the choice to randomly guess a career I'll have to do for the rest of my life or drop out and try finding a full time job. I don't have any friends or anything that live near me or that I talk to irl, most of my friends are online. If anyone can help I'd be very thankful and if you want a deeper explanation of this stuff you can just DM me or I'll try to reply in the comments. I'm at such a lost in life right now that I don't really see any option to get better other than to hurt myself. I'm sorry if it sounds like a selfish thing to do but I just can't stop hurting. My only escape from this is to play video games or go on Reddit, but even now I'm starting to get bored of that today. Anyways thanks for reading and thank you in advance for the help.