Fuck ChristmasI’m not looking forward to Christmas which sucks because it used to be my favorite holiday. I’m so sick of watching years pass and me not being where I want to be. I’m being forced back to college even though it was instrumental in my suicide attempt. 

December was when I met the love of my life who has since left me, since then I just can’t get excited about anything to do with the holiday season. Worse I can’t even mourn it with support because my parents don’t know she’s trans (she identified as a boy 3 quarters of the time we were together, obviously I had no problem with her wanting to be her authentic self and loved her nonetheless) and they’re mega transphobes but I refuse to deadname her or use improper pronouns so I just can’t even talk about how much I miss her and how everyday is a struggle without her. 

They also are major homophobes and being bi their comments hurt more than they think. Plus with the stupid pandemic we can’t even do what we normally do which is visit my dads side who I love to visit. 

This season and day approaching hold no joy for me instead it holds dread. Everyday gets colder and I feel worse and worse. I am absolutely dreading having to put on a happy face for this stupid holiday and go around the table and talk about “HoW BlEsSeD I Am” and all that shit. I just wanna be done. I wanna end it. 

I can not tell you how frustrating and utterly revolting the concept of pushing through and fight another year is to me 

I physically can not imagine wanting or desiring to live.

I keep fantasizing about my Christmas gift being finally able to end it all. Only problem is I can’t do it or they’ll take it out on my ex who is going through enough shit as it is, and if there’s one thing I still care about it’s her. 

I pray constantly that I’ll get run over, or die in my sleep, or something accidental will happen to me so they can’t blame it on her, but I’ll still be dead. 

I just can’t anymore
I don’t want to fight another year I don’t want to