Tried to call a crisis hotline for the first timeThere was no text option available in my country and the international ones that did couldn’t answer because yknow I wasn’t from there... I almost laughed when I noticed I had spent more than an hour looking for an available service

I had written a long angry rant here but it just wasn’t worth it... it was just me spewing my bile

Basically, I’ve been feeling really suicidal after recovering from that for a while, I used to think about everyday then I stopped and I’m back again 

Every fear I had about what would become of me is coming to fruition... I said I would end things when that was the case as I thought everyone would have given up on me by that point, I think I’m getting there

My untreated depression (which I’m probably faking) has been getting worse (I have mind fog everyday, can’t feel much, reconsider self harm, can’t keep up with anything, negative self talk daily, barely take care of myself, etc.). My gender dysphoria is also getting worse, I’m afraid that it will impair me at some point. 

Basically, I’m becoming a burden, a lazy fuck that can’t do anything right and a waste of resources such as time, money and space. I can’t keep up with school anymore even if I don’t have any reason for that to be the case as I have every tool to succeed. I don’t deserve anything I have, not the roof over my head, the food, the school, family or love I have... the world would better without me or at least my family, I hope someday they understand that

I feel no control over my life or body which is just something that crushes me sometimes. I don’t think shit will ever better I see no future for myself where I’m not barely getting by. I have no hope in anything 

I won’t kill or hurt myself only because I understand that my existence and body aren’t only mine, I feel too much guilt even just feeling like this

I think everything went to shit when my parents found out I relapsed again... I thought shit would be better and I was gonna get help but opening up in general has only brought so much trouble and it has hurt so many already. It wasn’t good for anyone, and has only made me feel more and more guilty over existing

I hope I had killed myself when I still was perceived as good, when I still had the grades, when I was still their little girl and not the monster who consumed her even if I wasn’t feeling my greates eithe because me and my reality don’t matter, it only matters what others perceive only that

I’ve been rotting and things ave only gotten worse once they’ve noticed

I’m a burden, I’m garbage, I shouldn’t exist, I waste everyone’s time and money, I hurt everyone who loves me, bad kids don’t deserve love, I don’t deserve anyone’s love, I don’t have a place in this world, I’m ungrateful, nothing can be fixed

I’ll stop now or this will become word salad...