I don't know how much longer I can fight itI've wanted to kill myself for years now, and the only reason I haven't is my family.  My father died when I was a child, and of my siblings, I'm the closest to my mother.  I'm in my late twenties and still living at home with her because I took care of her when she was sick/I was in school, and she took care of me after I had major surgery.  I commute to a job an hour away in a dead small town, and all of my friends moved away to the nearest big city. I haven't moved out of my house because I don't feel secure enough in my job to commit elsewhere financially. I can't find a job in the area where all of my friends are, and even if I did, I think my fear of changing and ending up somewhere worse would scare me off.

I have a fair amount of friends, but I'm lonely and don't think I'll ever find someone to share my life with. I don't know who would want to anyway, I'm self-conscious, terrified of everything and don't think I'm attractive enough for anyone.  Guys mostly want to be just friends with me and that's it, or if they date/are in a relationship with me they end up leaving me and move on to greener pastures.  I've been single for almost five years now and I'm tired of the aching loneliness and the inevitable sting of rejection when I try to fill it. (Edit: I did have a relationship with I guy I thought I'd be with forever.  He left me and there has been no one since.  I've known great love, so I know exactly what I'm missing.)

I don't find joy in anything anymore. I've tried living, tried to improve my life and work towards a better future, but every time I try I fail, and it's wearing me down.  Every day is agony to me.  I cant enjoy the brief moments of happiness that come my way because I know they won't last. I've done therapy, medications, exercise, healthy eating, affirmations, more socializing, new hobbies, traveling, everything and anything that has been prescribed or suggested to me.  Nothing is making living less painful for me. The only tangible relief I get comes from self-harming, which makes me feel like a pathetic cliché and garbage person,  not to mention it broke my mother's heart when she found out I was doing it.

I know I will be missed,  I know my death will affect people greatly.  I am a very well-liked person, but I don't think I can live for them anymore. It's not enough.