There’s nothing else left for meTo keep this brief and without giving too much away due to the circumstances I’m facing. 

Before I even came here there were times that i went through very rough patches earlier in my life. Times where I seriously considered not existing any more. Always too afraid to actually go through with anything. 

Fast forward to now. I’ve gotten through the extent of a specialized training program with the military, not going to specify which branch or what schooling. In any case, this is what I’ve wanted to do my whole life and everything was building to this. I recently have gotten into trouble with the rules. We were allowed to go out to the surrounding town, but if you were driving you were not allowed to have one alcoholic beverage. I had two beers and drove four hours later, I broke the rules and someone told my superiors. On top of that they also accused me of having a sexual relationship with a fellow female who I had spent a lot of time with. She was helping me try and figure out how to explain to my parents about my sexuality and was really there for me. People saw our friendship and misinterpreted it for something else. I had a meeting with my superiors who laid out all the facts. Basically, i will be separated from the program without a doubt and will have almost no chance of continuing with another branch. I have no idea how to tell my parents. I have no idea what I’m going to do after this. I think the best option is to go home, buy a gun and dispatch myself as soon as possible. I don’t want to live in this world any longer. I don’t fit in with people. I don’t understand people. People don’t understand me. Every day is going through the motions of a person. I haven’t felt alive in years and believed it was because I hadn’t achieved my dreams. Now that they’re being taken away from me due to my own mistakes I don’t see any other solution. I know people will say the usual, “it gets better” “it’s just hard for now” “try something else.”

Oh. As I’m typing this I just remembered to mention that my partner of 3.5 years cheated on me while I was here and then broke up with me.

In any case, 
I said what I have just to release it from my mind. It hurts too much to be bottled up, but I am firmly set on departing from this plane of existence as soon as possible. Thanks for reading to the end of you did. Peace.