whateveritsatitleThe only person I've told is my fiance. He's great and maybe the only reason I stick around, but he doesn't know what to do. He tries to help but it usually just ends with both of us crying and him telling me to go see a doctor. For some reason he still wants me.

I can't talk to my doctor. He doesn't seem to care when I'm physically ill, how can I expect him to care about this? I don't know how to find a new doctor. Or a therapist. Or whatever.

I work at a call center. I sit at a desk and answer phones and take orders from customers all day. Sounds easy right? The thing is my customers... not all, or even most, just some... are rude, or mean, or hateful for no reason. I know I shouldn't take it personally, but how can I help it? I don't even want to get into the things they've said to me, it just upsets me more to dwell on it. I get alot of complaints about me being stoic. Apparently I'm not a wonderful actress and the best mood I can fake when I'm ready to blow my brains out is "stoic" or in other words, no mood at all. People complain about that? Why? I'm not rude, I try to help the customers as best I can with the best fake enthusiasm I can manage, but that's still not good enough. I'm failing to do an incredibly simple job... and I just... I don't even... how did I get here? I had straight A's in high school, flunked out of community fucking college in the first fucking semester, and now I'm about to loose my barely above minimum wage job.

Panic attacks. I've been having little tiny one's since I was... 12? I've gotten really good at calming myself down quick, I can usually get over it in 5 or 10 minutes. But Sunday, I had a 45 minute one at work. My boss told me that was unacceptable behavior. Because it was a conscious decision, right? I don't understand. I deducted the time from my lunch hour. I did it as quietly as I could at my desk. No one who sits around me works Sunday so it's not like I was disturbing anyone else.

Today I got written up for my panic attack. It's my 2nd write up in the past year. The 1st was for missing 3 days (for depression, but I left it vague and said illness). I'm on my final chance. No more warnings, no more anything, fuck up just alittle and I'm out. I don't just need the money from this job, I need the insurance. I've had asthma since before I can remember and WITH insurance my medications for that are $90 a month on a good month. If I lose my insurance there's no way I can afford even 1 of my medications... and that's a slow painful death I've imagined over and over.

There's no reason I'm depressed. Nothing truly horrific has ever happened to me. No serious trauma a reasonable person couldn't get over. I've just always felt... I don't know... off, somehow. And I can't deal with it anymore.

I tried to tell my mom when I was younger (13 or 14 maybe? I'm 21 now.) She asked what was wrong. "Stress, maybe?" "Stress?! You're --insert age here--. You don't know what stress is yet." I think that's how the conversation went. She's since developed some kind of bipolar something-or-other. Apparently her side of my family has a history of mental illness. I think she'd understand better now, but she's already got alot on her plate and I don't want to worry her more. 

My dad left my mom shortly after her diagnosis. That's a whole other story. 

My best friend has made her feelings about antidepressants know. She thinks they're just as bad as hard drugs. How can I tell her? But we haven't spoken in... months? So I guess now my best friend is my dog? I think he understands more. I love my friends, I just can't seem to make myself hang out with them anymore.

There's so much pressure in my head. I can't speak intelligent words anymore.

I don't hurt myself on purpose, but sometimes I find myself biting the inside of my mouth when I'm trying not to freak out. So now I'm afraid to go to the dentist about my wonderful wisdom teeth.

I don't want to die, but sometimes I can't see any other way around it. And by sometimes, I mean 6 days a week.... 

TL;DR 
I'm suicidal for no reason, but I don't want to die. I'm about to lose my job, and if that happens I don't think I'll recover.