anyone else feel like this? because im goddamn over it. i need help.i literally just wrote my thoughts as they came into my head. haven't read through it or anything just hoping people can relate? or maybe hoping not. maybe i just need someone to talk to.

\---

Days are sooooo longggg, they just never goddamn end. I sit in my room alone scrolling through my contacts trying to think of who i can tell and talk to but i always end up frustrated and crying and hyperventilating and pulling at my hair cause i dont wanna be a burden on anyone. No one deserves to go through this. No one needs a suicidal friend :( im angry. Im mad but idk if its at me or my ‘friends’ or the world. i ‘m on the internet scrolling through self harm images. Looking at my arms. Im not doing enough. I cant even hurt my self good enough. I cant do anything right. Im not fucking pretty im looking at all my friends photos and all my idols and they are all so beautiful and im just a ugly fucking pimply mess and im so freaking sad. What am i supposed to do now? Agh im so trapped in my head my home my relationships and this fucking world i cant leave cause i will hurt people but i dont think they realise how much they are hurting me and how much it hurts me to stay. What if i want my purpose on this earth to be more than ‘you will hurt people if you leave’ IM STAYING SO I DONT UPSET OTHER PEOPLE! Thats it. I dont have a purpose im just sitting around waiting for everyone else to grow old and die THEN im allowed to leave? Why should i have to wait for everyone’s fucking approval? Why should you all get to decide what i do and dont do its not fair. Im burdening you all by staying and you are all burdening me by making stay. Imagine this: its like im sitting around in a dark empty dripping waiting room with all its lights flickering and the chairs are falling to bits. Im in there and ik i will be there fro years longer. Just sitting. Doing nothing. No purpose. And the whole time my eyes are heavy, im freaking exhausted. Theres a bag strapped to my back, its filled with bricks. Its so goddamn heavy and i cant get it off me. My feet are chained to the floor and so are my hands. I cant move. Im just crying. My head hurts. My eyes sting. Theres no one anywhere near me. No one willing to unchain me. No one willing to take the bag off my back. Im bleeding out. Here i will remain until everyone finally thinks i’ve had enough. Oh because I DONT GET TO DECIDE! I dont have a choice at all nooooo thats all your decision. You decide when i have suffered enough. You decide when i finally get to be free of this god damn fucking torture dont you? Not me. I dont even have a say. Oh because it will hurt you? WELL IM SORRY BUT MAYBE THIS CONSTANT HURT THAT I FEEL EVERY GODDAMN DAY IS A HELL OF A LOT WORSE DONT YOU THINK? IS MY FUCKING PAIN NOT ENOUGH FOR YOU? Goddamn it why am i fucking like this? Why cant i just be normal and happy and energetic and beautiful. Why cant people love me and make me feel loved and valid and like i have a fucking purpose. Im tired. So goddamn tired. When will you let me shut my eyes? When will you let me sleep?