[m15] How a single sentence made all my work against depression go awayOk, before we start, I probably won't have great grammar and this will be semi\-long so you don't need to really read this.

I'm just posting this to vent my emotions and so on

Some backstory etc:I've been bullied in the past. It started at 4th grade \(when I was 10\) and continued till 6th grade \(12 yo\).

For an example, I was bullied for my outlook since I look a bit feminine with front hair etc. Called ugly and a girl and such.

I was also bullied for how skinny I was and sometimes about my personality too.

This is what made me self conscious about my outlook and I still haven't recovered from it. This is what made me really shy, have social anxiety and everything.

Teachers of that school turned a blind eye to it. They never truly did anything. I was even called home because someone hit my ear really hard and I went to the doctor but the teachers never really did anything, and I ofc tried to hide it from my parent for a long time.

There was only 1 teacher who told my parent about me being bullied and asked if she knew and uhh after that my classmates started ignoring me. I spent all my time on the breaks alone. They only talked to me if they had to. It was still better than being bullied in my opinion.  \-\-\- this was at the 6th grade though, in the middle of it

Now, after I changed schools I haven't been bullied much. I've still been pretty quiet and self conscious about my outlooks since I really do look feminine 

I've tried getting happy by being with friends and recently started to go to gym and eat a lot more because I'm badly underweight.

I've started ignoring how I look a bit, and no one had really commented about my outlooks for awhile, but now just a single sentence by some kids made me do this rant.

I feel like I lost all motivation just because of what someone else said, a kid even. 

I was just randomly walking with my friend and they asked if I'm his girlfriend \(they knew I was a male though, pretty sure, they had that annoying diss tone\) and started just dissing me for no reason.

This made me realise that no matter how much I go to gym and no matter what I do, it wont change the fact that I look like shit..

Pretty dumb of me getting this emotional about such things but yeah. It made me lose motivation to everything.

This feeling will probably go away sometime soon. I'll force myself to continue going to gym too ig even though I lost motivation to do anything..