There's a murderer in my head that wants me dead...Backstory- 26 Male, Recovering Heroin/Meth/Any Drug Really/ Addict. Severe depression for the past 5 years and deals with Morbid Obsession.. Always thinking about death and offing myself for good. I've had 1 prior attempt of suicide while driving on the freeway, nearly got hit by traffic. Here's a dialogue i had with myself within my mind while contemplating suicide. 

There's a murderer in my head that wants me dead. He torments me at night while i lay in bed. He whispers to me ," There's a solution to your pain, just kill yourself.. then you will be free!".  This murderer is relentless. He brings up old memories and mistakes from the past which eventually manifests into guilt and shame in the present... over and over again. He seems like a master at convincing me that suicide is a great idea!. "Once your dead your dead, there is no after-life.. this murderer tells me". "Its freedom, believe me!" "The world will be better without you, hurry up and kill yourself you piece of imperfect shit".  Then i paused in silence... and it dawned on me.. wait,  i would never talk to myself like this. Why would i torment myself with these kind of thoughts... Then it hit me. These aren't my thoughts, i would never talk to myself like this. These thoughts are coming from a dark place.. from a source of energy that enjoys  torture and delights in suffering. Hmm i thought. Sounds like the Devil to me.. Then i was like Oh shit! The Devil's in my head and he wants me fucking dead. And It's tricking me into believing that i am a shitty person and my life is meaningless and that my fuck-ups are irreparable. "Fucking tricky bastard", I said to myself," I'm not falling for it you fuck! I'm going to continue living no matter how hard it gets. Get out of my fucking head... I'm not going to let you convince me to kill myself with your mind games. Im going to take control of my mind once again and start to use it for my own benefit. Im tired of this torturous self loathing and self hatred that these thoughts have generated within my soul and body. Im tired of feeling suicidal and depressed everyday. I'm going to flip this script and start fighting back now that i know where the enemy dwells. In my mind. The Mind-Arena where spiritual battle occurs. If i lose i kill myself (throwing in the towel). If i win.. i die trying( Getting knocked out Mike Tyson style).


 I just felt like sharing! Thanks for reading.
-God Bless You if your feeling suicidal. I feel you...




