You probably shouldnt tell your parents if youre suicidalWhen i was 15, I told my mom i wanted to die, she didnt give a flying fuck and just went with the "go to the hospital" bullshit. She took me to the hospital and since it was late at night so the psyciatrist  would be there till the morning. I went to sleep in the hospital and when i woke up they said itd take two hours for him to come, I waited two hours and finally he came in and asked why he needed me. I said i wanted to die and he said to never tell him that ever again (i have no clue why) and he put me on  stupid anti depressants and said i have to go to the pediatric ward or PEDS for short. They take me to PEDS and as soon as i see ill be in a room by myself sleeping on a gym mat i immediately refused. They said once im in theres no way out and took my clothes (put them in a locker in the room) and left. I spent the day doing pushups and chin ups (with the door). I also asked for books and a deck of cards for something to do. There was a camera watching me 24/7 (basically suicide watch) in the corner of the room, definitely made me feel very uncomfortable and a feeling of no privacy. I spent most my time working out and drawing shit. The third day came by and i was feeling that I was starting to go insane. I tell them this and they all say nobody has gone insane here. I proceed the day increasingly going crazy. I also reaaaaally hate rooms for some reason. I tell them this and spend some time in the hallway. When i told them i cannot sleep in this place they get security, force me into my bed, then sedate me. on day 4 or 5 i broke. I toothpasted the camera, broke the locker open, put on my clothes and ran to the door in the hallway (the way out), I pulled on it with all my strength and when it felt like it was going to give out somebody came running in the hallway and stopped me, I am one again sedated. Everything In the room except the bed is taken. I realize I am screwed and wait it out. I was there for 9 days. I can say they were the worst days in my life and made me wayyyyy more suicidal. When i finally got out the door i kissed the ground. If you want this to happen to you then please by all means. tell people youre suicidal. Also along with the anti deppresants i was prescribed with some adhd medication (which i do not have i am just mildly autistic).