Tonight was the first time I legitimately considered killing myself.It's always been a fleeting thought that would crop up and be dismissed just as quickly. "I'm fine, I'm happy, that's ridiculous." Tonight though, lying in bed, I felt like my life was crumbling around me. I moved into a new house earlier this year with my family (I was living with my grandparents prior, for monetary reasons), and ever since I've been the one covering everyone anytime someone is short and has a bill, or needs this and that picked up or replaced. Despite working 40-50 hours a week and saving as much as I can, I'm perpetually broke. Almost every cent of my next paycheck, plus what's left of the previous, is being handed over to other people, but my mom can go out and win $400 at a casino, then turn around and spend it all right back to them with no problem.

I decided to go sit outside and get some fresh air, but as I stared up at the 4 stars visible through all the light pollution, it really hit me how much I hate my life. I work so hard that by the time I get home I usually end up falling asleep right away, completely wasting my day, and in return I get punished for everyone else's financial irresponsibility. I have a small handful of friends, but they all live far away, so I spend all my time at home on the computer instead of going out and enjoying myself. But even if I somehow had the money and willpower to go out, I live in an area with practically nothing to do, unless going to Walmart is your idea of a good time. I have a mountain of college debt for a degree I never even finished, and no prospects for my future. I don't even get my own bedroom, I share it with a friend who lives with us.

I felt, and still feel, trapped in my own home, like there's no escape, and looking up at those 4 stars, I realized my life was so shit I couldn't even get a nice view of the sky. That's when it finally hit me just how easy, just how sensical it was to end it. If all I'm good for is being a walking ATM for my family, then why bother to keep living. God knows there are no shortage of ways I could end it around here, but in the end I couldn't bring myself to do it. I just sat and looked at those stars before I went back inside. I'm still looking out my window, knowing I could easily jump. Ultimately I know I won't, but this is the first time it's really felt like I could.