Tired.Nobody is going to read all this and just the act of writing it is exhausting. I’m tired. I can barely eat. I can barely sleep. Even when I deliberately keep myself up for a long time, the longest I can manage is 4, maybe 5 hours. I wake up sobbing before I’ve even had a single conscious thought. 

I’m phenomenally lonely. Really, that’s it. It’s so fucking stereotypical and probably the reason for 90% of the threads on this board. I work from home, so I don’t meet people. I’m shy. My friends are all in relationships or married. Okay, so go on dates, find someone. What a shitshow that is. As a man, here’s the rundown on online dating – you do all the work. First, you search. Okay, there went a couple hours of your life, but now you found some people that look interesting! Okay, but now you have to be clever with your opening. Separate yourself from the herd! Funny, but not TOO funny. You start cracking too many jokes, you’ll come off weird or not serious. Oh boy, look, we have a date. 

Maybe the date goes well. The majority of them do. We kiss or sometimes end up in bed. That’s a good sign, right? There’s a lightness in my chest, a smile on my face. But it’s 2019, and it doesn’t matter, because they already had dates lined up for the rest of the week and surely they’re not going to cancel them, right? So they go on those too. But you’ll see some of them a few more times. Sometimes they confuse you with the others over text. Whoops. Time investment, gone.

And so I get older. 33, as of December. I regret thinking I had all the time in the world when I was younger. What time? The older you get, the smaller your dating pool gets. You’re left with the broken ones. They’re always drunk or high or have kids or mentally unstable (the irony, yes).

I turn my head to the side and glance at my female friends on their apps, with literally hundreds of sausages getting thrown at them. Laugh with them when they point out the rednecks or the creepy photos. Haha, so funny. I watch them take selfies incessantly and inwardly grit my teeth while I outwardly smile.

I feel my resentment growing. I made a Tinder, with no pictures of me. Just the places I’ve been. I give my stats and make it clear I’m only looking for sex. Because as long as my animal needs are taken care of, I can focus on me, right? I can take a break from dating and finding The One. I don’t need to worry about emotional attachment. So I fuck strangers, and some of them fall in love, and I hate them for it, because only the people I don’t care about seem to care about me.

I fill the void with traveling. Egypt, Bahamas, Dominican, Bali, blah blah blah. Oh wow, everyone says. That’s so amazing! You’re so lucky. Yeah, so lucky. 

It’s a crutch. A way to make myself feel special and worldly and sophisticated. I would trade it all for someone who loves me, who I love back. But it doesn’t happen, so instead I extend offers to online strangers and fly them with me. Look at these beautiful women on my arm. How deeply fulfilling.  

Don’t define your own happiness by other people, I tell myself. Work on you! Learn a new hobby, take a class! You smile and feel a certain peace, but time marches on and you know, in the back of your head, that the pool is getting smaller.

I look at myself in the mirror and hate myself. My confidence is an act. Everything is an act. It's why the first dates go well but fizzle out after. There's nothing of substance left after I go through my scripts.

Everyone thinks I’m fine. I smile, I joke, I lie through my teeth and add exclamation marks to my texts like I’m so happy-go-lucky. In reality, I dream about picking up my revolver and putting a bullet in my head, but then I think about the people that fuck it up by going in at the wrong angle or having the bullet change trajectory when it meets their skull. So I think about getting a shotgun (I’m in Florida, I can literally walk into a Walmart and walk out with one) to make sure that doesn’t happen...but hope makes me second-guess myself. And I hate it. I hate that tiny glimmer of “things can change”. So instead I sit here, alternating between setting goals for myself and thinking of ways to lift myself out of this and dry-firing my unloaded revolver against the side of my head, feeling a bizarre comfort in the feel of the cold metal. 

I’m tired. I look forward to the day that the last ember of hope snuffs itself out.