CanadaPosted August 5. Deleting from other social media but need it off my chest. * = *Only "changed" names to protect privacy.* (I never mentioned the perpetrator's name either)

"One of those days... Heavy eyes, stuffy, spacy, sore back and neck, zero energy. It is August Pride Saturday in *: one of the most beautiful places on earth. My husband is on his way home for his Friday, and I just want to cry and sleep.

I am applying for reimbursements for counselling, missing work, and medications out of pocket. The Victim Services Worker from *a* Rape Crisis Centre, is helping me with this form and suggested I pick one incident in *this province*.

I have been requesting letters stating that in 2007, I was sexually assaulted by *. Since then, I have sought all kinds of professional help (counsellors, psychiatrists, and doctors); and have missed worked throughout my life because of my mental health (depression, anxiety, PTSD, insomnia, sexual dysfunction, etc.).

Also, this March 2018, I was suicidal, took a month off, got cut loose weeks later, and have been recovering since.

Since I did not and will not report * to police, these letters are my only proof.

It has been a shit show, but this is one way I am trying to get back what my husband and I deserve. We are burnt out, unhappy, broke, and tense all because of this and things that keep happening over and over.

Recently, I saw that family doctor again requesting his letter. He claimed it was the first he's ever heard about sexual assault and Vietnam, looked over his notes saying there was NOTHING about sexual assault, charged me more than usual for the note, and denied my request for a prescription refill!

I started crying, telling him I felt nauseous, dizzy, heavy, and shaky. He didn't get what was wrong, checked my blood pressure, offered me gravol and to send me to the hospital! I have been seeing him for two years! He was the one who wrote me SEVERAL notes so I could take time off!

It is so much to carry and keep quiet when the perpetrator is a relative, friend, or person of power, but especially when they are all of the above and will always be in your life.

Mental health, medications, and family doctors should be 100% covered and accessible globally.

Thanks for reading and all your support, everybody. I wouldn't be here without you 🖤"