Attempting tonight, note encl.It’s astonishing to think about what people put up with. 

Some people stand under the burden of a mental illness for their whole lives, never reaching fulfillment… whether that be due to lack of ability, lack of respite from their illness, or simply being pumped full of mind-altering medication. 

Some people have awful families, and have to spend time with people who fake kindness, interest, and positivity, but who really are just toxic robots making their way through life wholly on their own regard. 

Some people never find their inspiration, never find a passion, and never feel that light in the empty space in their hearts. 

I’m one of all of those people. 

I’m not the person whom many think of when they think of a victim of suicide. I am not a victim of abuse, I am not an addict, and I have family and friends and money. I have potential for a future, a brain, a partner, a job. I have it all, and I have been reminded to count my blessings on many occasions. Fuck you, all who told me that as if it would cure my mind state. It just made me feel guiltier for the act I feel I must carry out. 

I am tired. I am lonely. I am empty. I often find myself unable to feel even the simplest of emotions. I must consciously notice what is happening around me, and dig into myself to find that flutter of life. I can find those emotions, but never feel them like I used to. I am a zombie, dead among the living. I am numb. I am in a fog. 

I am in therapy/counseling, and I have tried to feel. I try so hard, but I can’t seem to reach that level of function. It is simply beyond me. 

I am medicated. It works for a while, I feel a lift, but then the darkness reaches back in and around me and holds me down again. The lift doesn’t cut it. But adding more medication(s) seems to give me a tendency towards suicidality – not like that’s already my main concern or anything. And so I carry on, feeling more lifted some days than others, but feeling trapped in darkness and heavy numbness the majority of the time. 
Which is where I am now. I was lifted, but this cycle continues – up, hope, potential, but never reaching anything near happiness – and then a crash downwards. What the fuck is going on with me? Why won’t it stop? Why don’t medications help for longer than 2 weeks? And why do I keep returning to the same place that is promised isn’t a necessity, is maladaptive, isn’t human? 

Suicide is the most human thing I can imagine. Sheer brokenness and acceptance of one’s uselessness and inconsequentiality to all of eternity... Humanity is nothing. We are absolute shit and have infested the world with disease, inequality, pain and suffering. We pray to imaginary gods to save us from our shittiness, when, in fact, there is nothing that can help us or save us from the wreck that is ourselves. It is better for the least of us to die as quickly as possible. Thus, I feel the need to carry this out. 

I am nothing. I am useless. I am filth and disgust. I am worthless and inconsequential and a burden to the earth and to others who have more value than I. I pain others. I worry others. I am an expense. I am not worth the input that I am fed. 

-----

I’m sure whomever is reading wants me to elaborate on my first statements:

I am ill. I have accepted this long ago. My family, however, has not. [Older sister] called me “crazy”. Mom told me she “doesn’t like those drugs” [the antidepressants]. I have sought help. Yet to this place is where I continually return. 

My family (Mom, Dad and [Older sister], mostly) is self-centered and self-concerned, lacks empathy, and hurt me on a regular basis. I am fully aware that I am ‘the black sheep’, I know I am different, and I know that I contribute to some of the issues we have. But it remains that you are part of the reason for my turmoil. I wish I could never come home. I wish I never had to speak to you or see you. I want to choose my own family and spend time with only them, because it is difficult and painful to come home to criticism and judgment and disappointment. 
I have a tattoo. I have a nipple piercing. I’m stretching my ears. I want to marry my partner. I would tell you things like this if I wouldn’t get a talking-to about every single damn one of them. Do you honesty think I don’t think these things through? Do you really think I have no regard for consequence? I’m not stupid, and I’m my own adult now. I consented to each of these things, but out of fear, I have not been able to share them with you. Shame, fear, guilt… what else could you call this fuckload of bullshit? 
I want to share my life with you, but I have to fit into your mold first. I’m the black sheep, remember? I’ll never fit into your damn mold. Why can’t you just love me? Why can’t you just show interest in my choices instead of jumping down my throat about why they were “wrong”, or why you’re concerned? 

And, no, I have no fucking inspiration. No light, no fire, no goddamn speck of hope. I have no reason to carry on fighting if all I see is bleak and dark and black. I see no reason to continue. I have no life left. My family, school, money, babies, a future – none of them are worth fighting for. They are the smallest of desires in my mind compared for my desire to cease to exist. 
My partner – [Name], I love you so so so dearly. You are beautiful and everything I have ever wanted in a person. But my feelings aren’t coming through. I know they are there but they are cloaked in fog and darkness and I can’t grab hold of them. I’ve been fighting to – you know I have. But it’s not working, and I don’t think I deserve this torture any longer. 
It is better for my frail soul to end. 

-----

Mom, Dad, [Older sister] – relax. Stop judging. Stop jumping down people’s throats. Stop approving or disproving everything the people walking past you on the street do or say or dress like. Stop caring about other people’s business. Back the fuck out of it. 
Goodbye. Thanks for teaching me all about guilt, shame, hiding, lying and hating. You have made me a master at the craft. 

[Younger siblings] – I’m sorry. You did nothing to hurt me or to deserve this pain. I’m sorry that I am leaving like this, and causing the family sorrow and torture with my words. I’m sorry. I love you both.  Goodbye.

[Partner] – I do love you, and I am so so so sorry I am leaving like this. I’m sorry that I’m doing this again and putting you through this again. Please know it’s not your fault, and there is nothing more you could have done. You are an amazing girlfriend. Please take care of yourself. I love you. 

[Partner's parents] – You are both amazing, and I’m sorry for leaving like this. Thank you for helping me. 

[Psych team]… I appreciate you both so much. Thank you for trying to help me. 

[Bosses] – have you figured out yet why I wanted to quit? 

To everyone else that thinks they matter enough to be mentioned in my note – you were as inconsequential to me as I am to the world. I am sick of faking friendships when I don’t have the energy to. I cannot uphold my end of the deal, I guess… I may have told you I cared, etc, but really, I am so burdened and pressured by the weight of simply living that I could not afford to simply care. I do not care about you because I am a wrecked shell of a person. I am a useless hunk of shit that cannot even support a basic friendship or two. That’s not your fault. It’s not your fault I haven’t loved or mentioned you. It’s because I am so damaged and ruined. I’m truly sorry that you didn’t matter to me more. 

-----

The reasons I’m sure you think I’ve made this choice are likely wrong, by the way. It is simply what I have described – not that I’m gay, or different, or fat, or lonely. I simply have no drive or desire to try to be something in a world of shit. I am the bottom of the barrel and see no potential, and think it would be easier for everyone else if I died. That’s it. 

In short, I hate life, see no reason to continue it, and will therefore be ending it. 


Goodbye.
