Disappointment and lonelinessFor years now this has been the story of my life. Suicide has been part of my daily routine for a majority of my life. Three months ago I was placed in the emergency room by my mother and held there for two days. They diagnosed me with bipolar disorder I. These past three months I’ve talked with therapists, doctors, and loved ones. I’ve also been prescribed medications that have shown improvement. There’s just one thing...

The thought hasn’t gone away..

I’ve had a very nice life. Great parents, great friends, good in school, athlete, etc. I’ve never had a reason for any of these thoughts or so I thought. I’ve come to the conclusion it’s all within my own head. 

Disappointment- The feeling of dissatisfaction that follows the failure of expectations or hopes to manifest
I’ve always had such high expectations for myself as I believed I could do so much. My biggest goal was always to help others so they never had the feelings I had and as I’ve gotten older I’ve no longer been able to do that. I’ve added on to people’s lives and it’s the most disappointing thing I’ve ever done. I just feel as if I’ve failed everyone whose been close to me and mainly myself. I can’t go day in and day out with this feeling weighing on me at all times. 

Loneliness- Feeling sad and unhappy about being socially isolated.
This is the toughest to dissect because it’s something I shouldn’t feel. I’ve been blessed with amazing friends and family. I just always tell myself that they don’t love me. I’ve grown to be a loner over the past couple years and cancel plans with everyone or I’m shy and or irritated when I’m around them. 
Have you ever been at a family party during Christmas or a 4th of July party with your closest friends and felt like you were locked in a dark closet by yourself? It’s the most miserable feeling. 

There’s many more factors but these two have been the most consistent in my life. I’ve tried taking my life 5 years ago by suffocating myself. I knew it wouldn’t work but it was a test to myself. I walked away alive with two feelings. 1. Feeling grateful I was alive and it didn’t happen. 2. Disappointed it didn’t happen but hopeful because it showed I could do it if I wanted. 

Lately my life has been falling apart and I’m thinking about putting an end to it. I’m willing to take the risk of pills. 