Life going nowhere...I'll just start by saying I'm not a very bright individual at all. Sure I graduated high school with over 4.0 GPA and got into and graduated from college but that is about the extent of my intelligence. In college I had no idea what I wanted to be. Heck, even now I still have no idea. But anyways, I eventually graduated with a bachelor's degree an averagely average cumulative GPA of about 3.0. I graduated from college about two years go now and have been jobless ever since.

Since I had no job lined up after graduation I was basically forced (or strongly encouraged I guess) to move back home which I ended up doing since it made the most financial sense. My dad claimed that he could line up a job for me within three months. Three months go by, lo and behold, still no job. Fast forward to now, still no job. Between then and now though I've essentially been forced to take more classes at a community college and volunteer at an elementary school. Now, I understand that this is a pretty good use of time as that way I won't be seen as just being idle when I apply to jobs but I honestly have no strong desire to do either. I should also mention that of course I have been applying to jobs on my own and have even had a handful of interviews but I never got any of them. I'm convinced it is mostly due to my lack of experience. As I said before, I'm not very bright and as a result, have never worked a single day in my life. Not even retail/fast food during high school or college. Not a very smart move, I know. Now even places like Target and Best Buy won't take me. I'm stuck in that position where nobody will take me because I don't have enough experience or I'm too overqualified. Internships are also usually unpaid and as a result require that you are in school which is kind of problematic. Not to mention I don't live near any major cities so internship opportunities are slim to begin with anyways. I would have to move to a different city but obviously moving for an unpaid internship isn't exactly the greatest idea if I don't want to bleed money.

Additionally, my social interaction has been reduced to a minimum. Everyone I know or used to know is pursuing graduate school or working by now. I was also pretty stupid in not forming more connections during my time in college. In fact, if anything I probably ended up burning a lot of bridges. So I basically haven't hung out with anyone in person for the longest time. I do have interactions with friends online though which keeps me sane.

I'm pretty much at wit's end now. I have contemplated suicide before and even saw a campus counselor during my last year in college but honestly, I have been like this for a few years now. I don't know how I'm still alive but I am, for now.

TL;DR Jobless college graduate with no real goals, life kinda being directed for me now. Pretty much only a few friends left which even then is just online conversations. What is the point of being alive if I have nothing to look forward to? I feel completely and utterly useless since everyone around me is on their way to being independent and successful.