I gave up on myself a long time ago.Holy wall of text incoming.

I'm in my early twenties, one of my parents passed away in my early teens. Since then I've found it extremely hard to keep on track.

I fucked up school, couldn't control my emotions, slept in class, broke windows/lights/equipment. I cant remember what event led to it, but I eventually got kicked out. My mum begged the school to let me back in, so I did 5 classes and only just passed 3 of them.

Over the next few years I enrolled on some college courses, after a month or so I gave up on them, I'd just not get out of bed, not want to face the day. On days that I had to leave the house before my mum, I'd go sit on the park bench and wait for my mum to go to work, then I'd go back home and sleep again.

So 3 college courses down the drain, I'm now of an age where I cant go back to college for free, I have to pay. I have no qualifications.

So after fucking up school and college, I had to work. I hated every fucking second of work. I hated waking up. I hated the people. I hated the work itself. I fucking hate work. But I have to work. I feel bad for saying that I hate work, cause that's real life. I cant just say I don't want to work. My skin is itchy just thinking about it.

I worked some jobs for a bit, but after a few months I just couldn't stand it. I looked for a way out or just fucked it all up anyway (sleeping at work).

---

I guess all of the above is my back story, so you get an idea of how I got to the point I'm at now.

I really don't believe in my self at this point. People say I'm intelligent, but that means fuck all if I cant apply myself. Motivation is superiour to intelligence.

Now days I wake up, and I just turn over, try to sleep for as long as possible. What is there for me to wake up to?

There's a lot of pressure for me to work, or go back to college. The whole process of applying is hard enough, let alone waking up and grinding daily for some bullshit. I get nothing out of work, NOTHING. Oh great I can pay my rent and some food? What's the point?

"you get to meet new people and learn new skills!" Good one, cant wait to work 9-5 until I die for that.

So if I was to apply, my application has a huge gap. "what have you been doing since you left school?" Well, I fucked up 3 college courses and then a load of jobs. Please don't call them and learn how fucking useless I was. Even if I look at it positively, my application is still graded against the 100 others, why would they pick me?   
That's my thought process when applying for jobs, that's why I don't even bother spending 1h+ applying, it's a waste of my time.   
Even if I got the job, I would fuck it up within two months.

I set myself up for failure before I even start. But at the same time, it's extremely logical to do so based on my past experiences and my current motivation. I feel a lot lower and less motivated now than I did when I fucked up, so how can I succeed now?

The only jobs available to me are bottom feeder minimum wage jobs that make me hate myself even more. So, I have to grind these shit jobs to get a chance at a better job. What's the point? I have a very defeatist attitude to work, but I really don't see the point, I get nothing from it.

I don't want to bum off the government, I'm eligible for free money from them but don't claim, instead I'm pissing away my savings.    Because I have money now, I see no value in the money I get from work. Other people need to work to pay rent, I already have that covered, for a while at least...

So where do I go from this point? I want to either die, or go back to when I was 10 and start all over, try to stay on track. It's too late now. To get back on track here, it's not worth the effort. Everything available to me at this point is bullshit, but it's a stepping stone. I can grind out some bullshit for a few years in hopes of something better, just doesn't seem worth it.

Suicide is always in the back of my head, I try and ignore the thought because it's toxic. Maybe one day I can get on track. I would have killed myself already but I just cant hurt my mum like that. The thought still lingers, every day it's there, but I try to ignore it.

---

It's hard to write all this, I think half a thought and jump to the next. It's hard to focus on one thing when I sit back and think about my life/future. Loads of thoughts bottled up, all trying to escape at once. I could write double this but it's best I stop now, I doubt anyone's still reading.

Before people reply "you should see a counselor". I do, I've seen loads over the past 8 years, the one I'm with now is the best one so far.   
I understand why I feel like this, and also know things that will help me move forward. But at the end of the day, he can suggest a lot of things, but as soon as I leave that building, it's all on me. I just cant pull my weight, I just cant do it alone.