What people don’t understand about my suicidal thoughtsI’m juxtaposed between a perfect Instagram life and demons so ferocious I feel the flesh pulling from my bones. I banished social media long ago to keep me from feeling a need to portray a life of happy family picnics and glowing selfies but yesterday I reactivated my long deactivated Facebook to delete things I don’t want as my legacy. I changed my photo to something closer to what I look like today. I think because I know my daughter will go to reflect on my life there. I’m tidying it up for her. 

She’s much more like her father. They are both on the autism spectrum and live very clinical lives of black and white. I’m here on stage right looking at rainbow colors of joy one minute and the blackest holes the next. I don’t have much insight into why my decades of mental healthcare hasn’t worked but it simply hasn’t. 

I’ve not killed myself more than once for my daughter. When I was pregnant with her my OB told me to stop my medication and I was naive enough to listen. Within days I was fantasizing about hanging myself from the second story window. I remember telling my husband that it was bad, my thoughts were as dark as they could be and seeing his face so vacant of understanding. Largely it still is when I talk about this kind of pain. 

There is no amount of time that will fix whatever is wrong with me. My father is so mentally ill he’s nearly incoherent now. I fear my own mental decline from our shared diagnosis. I’ve read a lot about the long-term effects of psychotropics on the brain. I’m sitting at 31 years of mood stabilizers and anti-depressants. 

I don’t know that I really WANT to die it’s more I can’t think of anything BETTER to do to improve. So, I’ll continue on my quest to just survive today and hope tomorrow isn’t a bad day. I bought the rope and have it in my car as a safety net for bad days. A morbid thought but I enjoy the comfort of knowing I have the method if I needed it and the hope that it remains unused. Hope…maybe there’s something left.