Is there a way to manage depression for everyone?I get so frustrated when, it seems, everyone around me and everything I read says that depression and suicidal ideation can always be treated or  managed; if you just reach out, take your meds, go to counseling... you’re good to go! I’ve cycled thru that process dozens of times and yet, my depression continues to worsen. 

How can the medical community continue to peddle the notion that severe mental heath disorders are treatable in 100% of cases. What other illness or disease can doctors make that claim about? Obviously common colds, many bacterial infections and run-of-the-mill communicable diseases can be treated or vaccinated against but how can one expect chronic, often debilitating disorders to be 100% survivable, especially when those diseases are of the brain and terribly misunderstood.

I often compare my depression to cancer when I speak about it with loved ones. It’s impossible to vaccinate, has a fairly troublesome survivability rate, as well as a plethora of treatment options that the medical community has never been able to streamline. Each case is different, and even when you go into remission, the chance of it returning haunts you and often predisposes you to relapses. 

Clearly, people who commit or attempt suicide would largely disagree with the idea that their case could improve. Most likely repeatedly sought treatment and never got better. I am one of those and I’m fucking sick of people saying I need to try harder and that I’m the one who has to take those steps — that’s brilliant, Captain Fucking Obvious. I’ve consistently taken those steps for decades and here I am in the same hole.

I’m sick of being a burden and I’m beginning to believe that nothing after death could be as painful as what I’m experiencing now. 

I just needed to get this out. I don’t know what my next step will be but every single day I ask “god” to take me home. Any way possible. I don’t want to come back here. God I hope he comes through. 

Thanks for reading.