I've got a problem. I don't know what to doMy brother (m/21) was bullied in primary school. He was beat, grinded along walls until he came home with missing skin on his back and etc. My mother noticed it and along with a teacher she put it to stop. I know it has been a long time since then but it definitely left a mental scar on him. He is extremely insecure of his looks and he gets defensive as soon as he is insulted. 

I was bullied too (mainly from when I was 11 to 14) but I never told anyone from my family and my friends just brushed me of when I told them of my distress. (I was emotinally abused on daily basis and a few months later physical abuse was added. I spend every night crying myself to sleep and at one point I stopped caring and I just wanted it to end) 

Right now I don't get bullied (thankfully so) but I feel so lonely and awful and I'm lost of what to do. My friends don't take me serious, my father isn't an option because he never listens when I tell him something (our relationship is rather strained), I'm unsure of my mother because I feel uncomfortable to talk about my feelings with her and my next oldest sibling isn't really an option because we don't have that kind of relationship where we talk about our feelings.

But I talk a lot with my brother (m/21) ever since he left puberty behind our relationship shifted. (As kids our age gap was quite big so we never played together) He talks to me about his feelings and I give him my honest opinions. He talks about how much stress he has because of UNI, that everything sucks and he makes bitter jokes about going through suicide what honestly scares me. 

I really want to tell him what is going on on my mind but everytime he talks about his problems, I feel guilty and I begin to doubt mine. I am scared that I could kick him over the edge or some sort because I know I am the only one he talks to about his feelings. Even though I am the younger one, I feel like I have to keep up the illusion of the strong younger sister. I also get the feeling that he only uses me as someone to vent to and I hate it because it gives me the feeling that I've absolutely no one I am comfortable with to talk to.