I wish I was never bornI'm a fat, relatively ugly black male who is flat footed, extremely myopic (legally blind) and born with extra cartilage in my right nostril. My appearance has done enough to garner playful ridicule from those blessed with normal bodies. And if that weren't enough, I'm also gay and am self diagnosed with XXY (Klinefelters) which makes me struggle to identify myself as male or female. I live in a fundamentalist christian family, so If my family were to find out I was gay or intersexual, they'd probably disown me. So in the fear of my family finding out, I've dedicated myself to a life of subservience to their every whims, going down a career path I don't enjoy just to make them happy. I do this because I've rationalized in my brain that if I please them, If my family does find out about my sexual orientation, then they wouldn't cut me from their lives forever. School life is the absolute worst. I feel like I don't truly belong with males or females although I do prefer the company of females. However, I can never truly connect  and become good friends with women, partially because they find my appearance repulsive even though I am funny and try to be socially outgoing. Because of this I go to sleep every night wishing I would wake up a woman. My "friends" are composed of males who don't really include me, females who'd rather hang out with others than me and the occasional gay male/lesbian who don't like me either. Because of this I've self diagnosed myself with Avoidant Personality Disorder and am often too scared to even say Hi to a friend I see walking by me unless they say Hi first. I would never see a psychologist for fear of my family finding out I go to one. In my culture, mental sickness is a sign of weakness and is especially frowned upon if a male develops one. I've developed a disgust for my body, and often cover up excessively even during the summer in order to hide my insecurities. Despite this, because of my gynecomastia that is associated with Klinfelter's I am often called man boobs or other such names. I am also a sexually repressed person who finds the act of sex uncomfortable to watch, let alone do. When my male friends jokingly talk about girls, I always feel left out or awkward. All I really want out of life at this point is a couple of close friends I can hang out with and feel comfortable being around, but the friends I do talk to never invite me anywhere. On the rare occasion that they do invite me out, it's only because they want me around to make jokes at my expense. I burn with envy when I see a heterosexual, extroverted person become better friends with my friends in a shorter period of time than I ever was. It's those same newcomers who often isolate me and cut me off from my friends and barely speak to me, because they don't connect with me. I see people who are simply in relationships and wish I was them, knowing truly I can never be. And thanks to my chromosomal abnormality I'm sterile so I can't have children even If I wanted to, and when I'm in a conversation on topic of having children I always brush it away and say I don't want them even though I do. When I watch Maury and other shows about people who have children with several women I think to myself "If only I had the ability to have children and start a family, I wouldn't squander it so wastefully". Speaking of conversations, people only ever initiate conversations with me if they have no one else around and will often leave me if they see one of their better friends. All of this has sucked any joy in my life and I constantly wish to die. But I don't and never will have the guts to do it myself. Everyday on my way home from school I silently wish a bus would swerve off the road and kill me, or a guy would stab me after trying to rob me. I always eat any junk food I can get my hands on, hoping that the hereditary heart problems that plague both sides of my family would kill me one day. I feel I was dealt a terrible hand in life, and that It would be better off if I had never been born at all.