Because what is the point?I am 37 years old. I live in a country that I have very little family in and very few friends. I live with my partner of 11 years. We both have minimum wage jobs and can't seem to find work that is in a career or out of hospitality.

He is always tired from his job and hates it. I like my job but it pays so badly and I can't seem to find anything better.

We try to save but next year, I have family over for my uncle's wedding (my only family here)... between that and their visit, that will be the savings.
Due to rent, council tax and bills, we can't save a lot.

I always thought I would have children... but we will never have them. I thought about fostering but due to a jobs and not being able to afford a place with more than one room, we can't do that.

I haven't had a holiday since last November. 


My partner's family live overseas but closer than mine, so whenever we have holiday (which is always a stupid and harder than it should be struggle due to hospitality jobs) we have to see them... I feel every single time we have a holiday it is for someone else... not for us.

My partner and I don't have sex. Sex has always been an issue for us. And then he started being to rough during sex which totally put me off. 
I want to have sex but he makes it so difficult.

I just don't see the point, everything is so hard all the time. Even simple things become struggles... I left my last job and my new job sent the contract to the wrong address... which took me over a week to sort out and then my old work place sent my p45 (tax form) to wrong address (but a different one!) as well.. stupid simple stuff but it seems to happen all the time, making even the easiest things harder. And I don't have the energy to deal with it.
(and you know what, if it had been my fault, ok, but it wasn't, and this is ONE example. I challenge negative thinking all the time, I challenge making life a self fulfiling prophecy but it is constant)

My house is a mess, it's been a mess since we moved in.I am struggling to do anything about it, I can't seem to fix it.  I hate the house but we were forced to move due to partner's new job... a job that pays less in a place that costs more but he was so miserable in his last job, he thought it would be better.
And we just re-signed a 12 month lease because we just can't afford to move it.

I have been struggling with depression and anxiety all my life, it is a constant fight. I am tired all the time. I am lonely all the time.

I don't see how it's going to get better... like I have tried, oh my god have I tried... and I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it.

What is the point? I am so broke, I am so bored and frustrated, I am so lonely, I don't have a real relationship with my partner, I have no close family or friends near me. I honestly don't see a way out except suicide. 
It's not that I want to die so much... I just don't want to live so unfulfilled. It's not living... and I have tried. I have tried to live for the moment, tried to be happy with what I have got, I know happiness isn't a destination but I have pretty much been miserable, lonely, sad, frustrated and angry for the last 10 years and can't see to do anything to better my life.

I am just so tired. I just want to feel it will get better but I don't see how it can. 

I really see suicide as a rational answer. I don't feel I get anything out of my life and there is no point to it.