What is the point?\*Throwaway. Obviously\*

&amp;#x200B;

I feel like I am aimlessly and meaninglessly floating through my life. I have had some extreme lows (hospitalizations for suicide attempts, addictions, and eating disorders) as well as some extreme highs (reaching the pinnacle of my sport by going to the Olympics and doing lots of other really cool things and achieving life long goals and dreams along the way). I never thought I'd live past high school, and then 20-something and now, here I am, 30-something and still alive. Despite my achievements, I wasted so much and there is so much for which I am deeply ashamed and filled with regret. The way I see it now, my life has amounted to nothing and I see little hope or reason to live. BUT I am terrified of death. I am paralyzed by my fear; yet my fear also manifests as an obsession and to be honest, suicide and my own mortality has always been on my mind. Lately I have been fantasizing about shooting myself and my girlfriend has a gun. Which scares me because I like being alive. Kind of. 

I also feel so disconnected from basically everything and everyone, even myself. I think the combination of drugs (both prescription and recreational) and a few head injuries have severely affected my memory so I have a very hard time recalling or retaining much. It makes me feel stupid, disconnected, and like a bad friend/family member. 

My work is work. I don't hate it and it NEVER stresses me out. It pays the bills and allows me to do some of the things I enjoy. But I don't love it. I am not passionate about it. It is nothing important or meaningful. I used to be very tight with money never spending it on anything but I have tried to spend more because, I figure, otherwise what is the point of working? I allow myself to spend an appropriate amount of money on experiences and things I need and sometimes just want. 

Because of the fact that I never thought I would live to be this old or older I did not plan. In addition to that, my social anxiety (among other things) prevented me from asking about, educating myself, and understanding things like saving for retirement, 401Ks, etc...Now when I think about the future all I can think is either, dread or I can always kill myself. But I am scared. And instead of being motivated by the fear, because I know it is not too late...it is never too late, I am paralyzed by it; unable still to figure this stuff out. 

I live with my girlfriend - my first and only serious relationship. She is great and if I actually wanted a long time/permanent relationship, I couldn't ask for much better. But it doesn't feel right. I cannot explain it other than just that I feel more comfortable when I am alone and that does not have to be a bad thing. Society expects people to not be alone and to have a companion or significant other. I have close friends who I treasure and love the time spent together but I like being alone. Even though I don't see it as a bad thing it still kind of makes me sad. Yet another piece of me that segregates me. I am a minority in so many ways and the black sheep of my family. 

Anyway TL;DR - I kind of hate my life. It feels meaningless and I don't feel like I have much reason to live. I have gotten a lot out of life and death terrifies me but not as much as the past haunts me and the future scares me. I want to die. Or disappear. I am hopelessly spiraling into a pit of despair and depression. 