When is it okay to stop fighting?I guess no one will really tell me when because that's probably against the rules of this sub, but I need a bit of venting, I guess. 

I'm 24 and I've been suffering from chronic pain issues for about two years now (and before that, too, but just not this bad). I can work part time but providing for myself is hard. If I've got to work, I'm not able to do groceries or cook or have social activities. Nor am I able to make full work days because my body sucks. 

I've been suicidal for almost a year now and decided after a month or so I'd not go down without a fight. I've been trying to see doctors (little did I know that even the most physical symptoms can be caused by depression, even if depression came after those symptoms. Isn't that fascinating?) and I've been seeing a psychologist for about half a year now. I still want to die every freaking day. 

I know suicide is a "final solution to a temporary problem", and I need to view my situation in a different light and what not - but I can't keep fighting until I die of natural causes. I just want to give up and just... end everything on my own terms. Of course I feel guilty about leaving people behind, but this isn't a life I want to live. I cannot go living while being in pain every single day, not being able to do what I'd loved to do, being stuck in bed for most hours of the week that I don't spend at my job. I cannot provide for myself, but there will be a moment that my current roommates will move out and I'd need to. I don't want to be put in a care centre where even suicide won't be an option anymore. 

I'm just done fighting, I guess. I'm not giving up tomorrow, but I'm definitely planning out the way I'd like to go, planning the letters I'm gonna write, saying goodbye (without saying goodbye) to everyone I love (social distancing, of course).

(I've posted here before and I'm familiar with most chronic pain and diagnosis subs. I know what I should do theoretically, doctors just suck and if I'm correct, my quality of life will barely increase anyway and my disabilities will just keep getting worse)