Just bored of everythingI'm 18, male and live in Sweden. I would say I have it objectively good, I'm pretty athletic, fairly good looking, have a good circle of friends, I have a large place and a job, despite dropping out, but I can't be bothered with this shit anymore. I'm bored, I go through the motions each day, I go to work, I practice my guitar for a few hours, I text my friends, I go out to eat, and then it just resets. I don't enjoy any of it.

I feel like a shell, or an observer. I have no emotional reaction to things, outside of infrequent anxiety, and rarely, severe mood swings. I have no drive to do anything, so I'm perpetually single, despite a, to be totally honest, large amount of interested people, I just push the girls away, or lose interest. I'm so fucking lonely, despite the fact that I last met my friends a few hours ago, and despite the fact that I had the most fantastic girl I know in my arms just yesterday.

I feel unloved, even though this is objectively not true, I have friends who try to reach out to me, but I can't open up to them for some reason. I've never opened up to my family or therapists either. I'm so bored, all I want to do in life for a career is music, and people tell me I have a shot at it, but I can't be bothered to get my ass up and do shit, which only feeds this depression shit. 

I've tried letting it all out, I've tried self-isolating, I've even tried drinking, but nothing works. I can't cry well, I can't stay cooped up at home and I hate alcohol. I have no real feelings or thoughts about anything, the world is just a grey mess full of people and opportunities i'm too shitty to appreciate properly.

I don't want to kill myself, I don't want my friends and family to have to deal with the aftermath, but I really can't be bothered to live anymore. It's just the same shit, I'm completely numb to it all, and I feel shittier for being numb since I have it good. I just wish life had an off switch, or that someone else was born in my place. 

The people in my life deserve better, and I've known this for a while now.