Yesterday I was talked out of suicide by my ex-boyfriend.I don't really know what to say here, I just feel like I need to get all this off of my chest. For the past couple of years thoughts of self harm and suicide have come and gone, even when I was in a really great place in life. Recently(the past few months) things have gotten worse for me. Multiple factors are piling up and it's starting to feel like it's entirely too much to handle. This past weekend I stayed at my ex's house and tonight when I got home something just changed, got worse somehow, and I just wanted to end it. I was actually going to do it. For some reason though, I spoke to him and he talked me out of it before he had to go to bed(he has school today), he wants me to get help but I can't afford to get any. He told me that he might "turn me in" which I think means tell someone at his school or the police or something about what I've been thinking of. I told him I'd never forgive him, and I can't handle my parents reactions if he did tell someone, but deep down I would give anything to have some help. I've told him for over a year now that I need help and I think he's just now starting to believe me. He told me he will get me help no matter what, but I'm so afraid of some authority figure finding out what I've been thinking of doing. I can't even talk to anyone face to face about it. I can barely talk to anybody about anything face to face. I'm not sure if I have social anxiety(the talking to people/being around people part), depression, both, or neither but I'm sure that I'm sick of my life being this way. I'm sick of existing and not living. I found this subreddit through MMFB(which I found through IAMA), and I just had to let it out somewhere where my face was unknown. I don't know if you've read this far, but if you have thank you. If you care for me to, I can try to keep this updated.
Also, in case someone was wondering why I don't go to another friend for help instead of my ex, it's because my ex is literally the only friend I have. I had a clique that we both hung out with but I(stupidly) pushed them away.