This is my experience on thinking about suicide and being dobbed in so that my workplace gets involved - part 4This has just happened to me today.

Staying home from work and I got an email from work that just made me go "bitch - pleeassseee"

Work conflicts basically caused me to become mentally ill to the point that when I get frustrated with them, self harm thoughts come hand in hand with any irritation or anger. 

It's not that I plan to kill myself, but instantaneously I think in my head "I want to kill myself" and immediately next thought I would think "OMG don't be stupid, that's not going to happen". That sort of goes backwards and forth until I get very worked up. It feels crazy in my head and it feels I need to vent. 

The problem here is now I don't really care about anything asides from basically bitching to someone. 

What happened today was I bitched to a "friend" at work (via my personal email and their work email). I do say "friend" because I'm not venting to them because it's my best friend or anything - it is someone who I know personally from work and knows about other instances I thought about self harm at work... and isn't very trustworthy (as you are about to find out)

I bitch a bit and told him what I was thinking at that moment, which had bits of people are lying to me again, I want to kill myself, I feel faint... so forth. (Not the first time I told him that - in fact I told him I locked myself in the bathroom at work because I got scared I'll self harm if I went outside... and he did nothing. Literally nothing. He read it and didn't even check that I was alright or not or come to check on me - I was literally just upstairs. Anyways, the point of that side story is that this is normal).

So back to the main story. I wrote those emails early in the morning, then went home and watched some TV and went to sleep. 

After lunch, my parents started phoning me up saying work contacted them and work phoned the police. 

OK sure. Not the first time work phoned the police on me and fuck them. 

The police came. What they knew was: Work has phoned them telling them that I sent an email saying I'd self harm / suicide and they were worried because I haven't sent them anything since so they have not been in contact and they were worried if I was alive.

They have mixed in some truths with lies. I sent an email, true. The bit where they make a big deal out of it, a lie. (I had no phone calls or emails from them that day - really they could've contacted me if they wanted to. However they did phone both my parents who said they were in contact with me and did not want them to phone the police and make a big deal out of it)

The point is, I was fine. I got taken to hospital for a check up and got let out the same day, so the doctors didn't think there were reasons to keep me there even though they could've done so against my will. 

There are going to be people who hide behind a facade of  "care" or "worry" who says they are doing things that they are not. It's hard to tell (most people want to be loved so they want to believe what they are being told is true), but when you feel worse after hearing about it then something isn't right. It's just better to trust your instincts. People can let you down or betray your trust.

I'm slowly getting used to people who think they can mix in some lies because people would believe them over someone like me (someone with a history of mental illness / seen a psychologist). 
Those stories might be enough to send the police to your place and have you sent to hospital for an assessment, but the police literally can't do anything else - it's the doctors who decide. Doctors at the hospital aren't going to just blindly listen to that "story", and going to the hospital doesn't mean that they'll keep you there against your will.

Why did my work place decide to lie? I don't know. They could be genuinely worried, they could be covering their ass in case of legal problems or they could want to put me in my place for being a nuisance. It really doesn't matter. They can say you are mental but they are just as mental as themselves.

As for my "friend". I am still coping with the fact that he would care more about the company than my wellbeing. I honestly do believe if I died he'd shrug it off. I've told him I was feeling suicidal endless amounts of times before, but getting personal messages (like whatsapp not just emails) forward off to work? Part of not being about to cope makes me think about self harm, want to kill myself, wanting them to watch me die, wanting him to regret not helping me. What gets to me the most is that he pretends he is above fault. I had a panic attack in front of him and he walked away telling me I should get help. He did that more than once actually. At the same time, he's pretending he's a good guy who cares and will help when shit hits the fans. He is like a human version of the workplace. If I can kill myself, I'd make sure he gets haunted by it.

I used to get so upset when my workplace lied and then think about suicide even more (thinking I could get back at them)