Time to check in! Well shit.More ranting, because why not.
I enjoy spilling my thoughts here instead of keeping them in my private notes sometimes.
MOOOVING OONNN…

So. Let's have a small conversation real quick.

How have you been?
Have things gotten better for you? Worse?
Welp, you know what I always say: Do what you can, and move on.
If not, I pray that you're feeling better or that you will soon feel content. If you are, then keep on 
chugging, and do your thing.

Me? I'm not feeling any better than I was a few months ago. I still feel like I want to kill myself sometime this year. I see life as a pointless meaningless existence. My parents are strongly advise that I do something with my life. What's the fucking point? Work a 9-5 boring ass job for 40-50 years before growing old and suffering a slow painful death. Or working a dead-end job at some fast-food joint living paycheck to paycheck in a rotten apartment or low-income housing. Or I could become homeless. Fuck that noise. Even though, I'm at a paid internship and attempting to return to a university in the Fall, I'll likely use the money from my internship to purchase a firearm permit, then a decent caliber handgun and some bullets. Maybe I'll splurge the rest of the money a few months prior to my death or give most of it to my sister.

Oof ouchie, there goes my soul.

I feel that this will be a complete repeat of last year I'm lonely, lost all my friends due to my anxiety causing me to distance myself from them. The oral issues as well my post-nasal drip are at an all-time high making my breath smell just as bad as it usually does, which further heightens my anxiety and social isolation. I have also recently discovered that I may have Asperger's. My unintelligence knows no bounds. My parents can be passive-aggressive at times, be it small insults, or hostile vibes they give off sometimes. The main point is that they care about my life. I however do not. I speak for myself when I say that life is not for everyone. Someone as weak, naive, and kind-hearted as myself will inevitably be crushed by the cruel unforgiving weight of the world. Anyways, I don't want to repeat the same shit I've spoken about in my previous posts to I'll call it here for now.

Take care everyone! Until next time! (maybe)


*inb4 the formatting fucks up*