My girlfriend is suicidal and I'm failing...I'm on this almost 7-month relationship with my gf, and she's suicidal. She has this deep depression that has been going on since she was in middle school, from what she has told me. She has emerged and relapsed many times and has tried to kill herself multiple times now, at least 2 since we've been together. She uses pills (she won't tell me which ones) and alcohol and has failed every time. The most they've done is make her feel sick and dizzy.

She has a rollercoaster of a relationship with her mother. She doesn't know her biological father, and she lives with her mom and her twin brother. They're both hateful people, and she struggles to get by living under the same roof as they do. She also has a step-father that visits them at home every 3 nights or so. She has a better relationship with him, but neither parent supports her in her wishes to study the career she wants. She has been in and out of jobs in order to pay for college, where she's studying psychology. She has told me her dream job is translator, and while she likes psychology, it's not getting her any closer to her dream. Her brother, who is a real piece of shit, doesn't study even with full support from their parents. However, he's also extremely spoiled and clearly the prefered child of her mother. He constantly taunts and berates her, only adding to her suffering.

We met 7 months ago through Tinder and began dating almost immediately. I'm 23, she's 20, and we're both happy with each other. The relationship works well. We've had our fights but we've come through and we've even expressed feelings of wanting to stay together for a long time, possibly for good. We have plans to live together, move out of the country, travel a lot, and so on. But it's soul-crushing for me to talk to her about these plans one day only for her to talk about killing herself the next day. We've been on this cycle for a while. Recently, she drove two of her closest friends away, and I don't think she's talking with her other friends a lot. Like I said, she's tried to kill herself twice since we've met. Last time was about 2 weeks ago.

I've been as supportive as I can. I'm on last year of med school, and as you can imagine, I'm very busy. However, I've gone to her whenever she needs me, even with little sleep, and I've tried to be there for her as much as I can. But I feel like I'm not enough. Next week I take the last tests of med school and will hopefully graduate. I'm in the middle of studying 4 different subjects on top of going to my rotations in the hospital every day. I can't be there for her 24/7 and it breaks my heart.

I have thought of breaking up with her. There are times when it's so frustrating to hear her talk about killing herself, about how hopeless it is to chase her dreams, about how much she hates her life and how she feels stuck at home. I feel powerless, and I almost feel hopeless, too. I've tried to talk her into seeking help, but she says she wouldn't open up to a stranger and neither of us has the money to pay for consultations or treatment. I feel like I've done everything I can and am failing. I have even thought of just telling her to do it if she wants it so bad. I haven't.

I need advice. I love her and want to be with her, but she makes it so hard for me to stay positive. No matter how many times I can talk her into smiling and being happy, the very next day she feels like dying again. Recently, she started talking about hanging herself. The way she casually talks about it makes me fear the day her mom will text me that she's dead. I dread the thought of opening my cell phone to a goodbye message from her while I'm at the hospital when she knows I can't rush to her aid.

I feel selfish for wanting her to stop feeling bad. I feel selfish for having thought of breaking up with her. I feel like I'm all she's got and that if I go, she'll definitely do it. I feel stuck. I want to be clear: I'm not depressed and am perfectly fine with my life. I'm about to graduate, for fuck's sake. But I feel she's going to eventually make me depressed, and if she doesn't, her death will.

Please, what can I do?