please someone help me I'm running out of ideasRecently I've told my parents how I'm feeling (suicidal, sad all the time) and that's only made it worse. They told me "I think you're only feeling this way because you want people to notice you" and "well if you've been feeling shitty for so long how would you know what happiness is? You're probably feeling happy and you don't even know it" or even "your life is so perfect, you have no reason to be feeling this way so you're definitely just bored." Im telling you because I want help yet here you are not being supportive and loving which is how I've always expected you to be. My own boyfriend said to me "does it make you feel better to tell me hundreds of times a day that you want to die?" Which actually really hurt. Since my parents aren't giving me love and support I turned to you and for you to say that really just crushed me. As for my other friends, they really have no idea what to do. I've taken all their advice and it's only made things worse. Yesterday I went to a youth walk in clinic (all services in walk in clinics are free, this is an important fact) and they said they'll email me when a group session is available. After a group session they're going to assign counsellors but the problem with that is there's a 6 month waiting period to get counsellors because it's a free service. I went to my family doctor who is a really great guy but he doesn't specialize in psychology and can only help me so much. I looked into private counselling because I'm really running out of options and since I don't have extended healthcare, private counselling is crazy expensive. It's around 2600+ not including tax and with a discount of 15%. I'm really running out of options. I don't know if I'll be seeing 2017 or even September. I need help and I want help and support so please like leave whatever suggestions you think would help or tell me your own personal stories. I want help so bad but no one is helping me. Please help me. Suicide has slowly become a more viable option and I'm trying so hard to hold on. 