I thought I had my way out but now I have nothingYesterday my mother took me to the doctor and I was prescribed Amitriptyline. I didn’t know what it was but as soon as I looked it up I felt like I finally had an opportunity. A couple of google searches showed it can be fatal. I’ve been looking for a way to die for a while and this is the first time I think I’ve finally found something that can let me leave in peace.

I thought about slitting my wrists, but I don’t want to do that. It’s pain and mess and it barely works. I’ve gone through enough shit as it is. I don’t feel like useless physical pain, an ICU visit, and ruining my life from endless judgement and being treated like shit the way suicidal people often are. So I ruled that one out.

I thought about hanging myself from my ceiling fan. I was going to do it with a sheet. Heard about how you can shit yourself doing it, or fall and break some bones so those were negatives. But again I need something. I just want to leave. Put a ladder up to the fan and realize it’s wobbly and weak. If I hang my fat ass from it, the whole ceiling will probably cave in. Great. Another one of the list.

All the research/googling/whateverthefuck I’ve done has shown that the best way to do it is to shoot yourself in the head. That’s great. Really fantastic. I’m not old enough to buy a gun, and if I was, I don’t have buy a gun money. I could steal from my mother but I’d rather not. Great option. Off the list.

The Amitriptyline was like a saving grace. I swear. I thought, finally. Finally. I have a way to fucking leave in peace. Take all of them and just go the fuck away. For ONCE. Of course, I had to do some research to be sure. I really need to stop researching, because the researching is what really fucks me over. Found out it can be lethal. Great! Now to know how much to take. Turns out, it’s an amount way above what I was prescribed. On TOP of that, endless stories of people taking a fuckton, yet still waking up in an ICU condemned to an earthly hell. Fantastic.

I really just want a way to leave. That’s all I’m asking for. I don’t want a lot. Just to fucking LEAVE. The universe has made it clear that it doesn’t want me here. People make it clear they could give a fuck about whether I’m here or not. That’s fine. But if that’s the case, it shouldn’t be so hard for me to just fucking kill myself. It shouldn’t.

I don’t do well with empty platitudes. If anyone really wants to help me, just let me know where the exit is. Greatly appreciated.