Even if I didn't want to die, what could I possibly do?I'm 16, I don't think I took advantage of childhood very much at all, because of Internet addiction and being an aspie and having a single-parent "family". Filling time and not wasting isn't as simple as "doing what you like isn't wasted time", I regret so many things. Any time I have internet access I have either always been online or anticipated the next time I would go online. It's only until I was 14 or 15 that I fully catch up with my age. Sure, it's possible now I could take so many medications that I become a much better and well-adjusted person, but I've thrown so much life away already that I don't think it's worth it. 

I'm so, so alone for someone my age. I'm in for a long time of being alone too, I can't make friends because I just go to a charter school now to get credits, and then eventually get the GED, and then community college, all while working and eventually doing nothing but work. I couldn't go to normal high school (the only socially acceptable way for teens to make friends and relationships) because I'm so fucking terrible at math, I can hardly understand algebra 1. Having one parent (who works a lot) means not being able to be apart of any groups or anything (I don't have any method of transportation). What's the fucking use of improving myself if I'm in for nothing but working. I do not have a good relationship with my mother so I can't bring myself to ask her for anything. 

So I'm around the most minimal amount of people (I only go to the charter school twice a week for an hour or so to do quizzes and turn in work, everyone keeps to themselves), but even if I was around a lot of them nobody would want me as a lasting friend or partner. There can't be a cure for being awkward/antisocial/weird/introverted. I've also been constantly heartbroken about one breakup for the past 8 (eight!) months, I keep my memory of them fresh and I think I'm just crippled of making relationships now, another example of time wasted. These are supposed to be fun, special years of life. I really hate being alone though. Some people are just half-baked, I've spent hours researching suicide methods and practicing such things as blocking the carotid artery and the helium hood, I'm not going to try to overdose on asprin or something like that like a lot of teens who "attempt", If I want to die I want to die. So what's the point of trying to make things better? 

Fuck, 2365 letters? I'm not worth 2365 letters.