Need motivation to live onI made this account to vent out my feelings and express my life right now. No one really listens to me but I browsed this subreddit and you guys seem very kind and maybe can help me. I've been extremely suicidal for awhile now. It started in middleschool and high school cause I was bullied and kind of a loner, but thankfully it has stopped and I'm about to graduate soon. During school I met the sweetest girl and I dated her but sadly she had to move across the whole country due to her dad and some job. I was devastated but we promised eachother we would try to keep it alive with Long distance.... at first it was good but it was obvious it wouldn't work cause we both wanted more and wanted to just hug eachother in person, we wanted eachother IRL. Then some guy came along and she told me that she wanted to move on and that she has found someone and she wishes me luck then she blocked me on all communications. I was devastated and since then I feel my mood is generally just sad..

I'm still not over that and now now my mom and grandpa always fight. I just live with them because my mom is poor and moved in with my grandparents but my grandma passed away 4 years ago so now its just them. They've both been bitter ever since shes passed and blame me for alot and fight. I love them but sometimes I wish I could getout and live on my own but I need to find a job and get money. Now for my grandpa I usually do chores or mow the lawn. After the snow got cleared up I was to cut the lawn cause I've been putting it off cause I've been just been being sad and then winter came so I planned to do it after. But yesterday     I just forgot cause...honestly idk I just straight up forgot and he cursed me out saying Fuck you and do you expect me to do it or some shit? my mom heard and came to defend me and then they started yelling... I cried because of it. They're the only family I got and they're always sad and fighting and I just hate my life.. I want to kill myself but im scared to cause I fear what will happen to them If I do it. I have no friends, my gf was probably my only friend and shes gone now and I cant really get girls..not that I want to right now anyways.. It would just be nice to get some advice and help cause I just feel sick now.. I dont even smile anymore