My final note. To the final person I ever thought about.Hey.  


I know you didn't want things to be this way. I know, if you could, you would've helped. You're an amazing person that way. Hell, you're an amazing person every way.  


Im sorry. I really am. Loving you was too hard. I mean, loving anyone really is for me, but you... It was too much. I know you will never love me back. I know no girl in the world will, and I've tried to accept that fact for a while, but I know \*you\* won't ever love me. And I can't live with that.  


Dont get me wrong, even if you did love me back, my misery and burden would only make you worse. Maybe I would've done the same things to you that I saw all my life... I never have and never will ever want to hurt you.  


God, its like it was just yesterday we met. Your beautiful dark blue eyes, with the dark circles from just how little you slept. Your long, unkempt brown hair. Fuck... I still remember how my heart melts thinking about you.  


I know I never told you just how much I loved you. And I never intended to. I knew it would ruin the friendship that I held so valuable. But goddamn it it fucking broke me when you just abandoned me.  


Just threw me away like the trash I am.  


But its not your fault. You were the single person in the world whose company I genuinely cherished. And yet, all I told you was how lonely I was. Never realising you were there.  


I know you wanted me to be happy. But I cant be. Maybe not even with you, and definitely not without you.  


I'm never, ever going to say that its your fault. In fact, if I didn't see you then, I would be long dead by now.  


This is me coming to terms with the fact that I'll always be unlovable and unloved. Its a task I've tried long and hard to do but couldnt, not while I was alive. Perhaps death has answers, perhaps not. But I just want you to know that, if you truly want me to be happy, then this is how it is. Death is the closest thing I have to peace.  


I love you. I always have and always will.  


[A.](https://youtu.be/HfE_tDJuMek) 