Financially and emotionally, I don't know what to do anymore.I know the wall of text is huge, so if you don't want to read any of it feel free to skip it, but if you can, cheers.

Honestly, I think I'm just posting here as a last resort, a cry for help, or just to let anyone here what I have to say because I'm losing people in my life who give a fuck about me.

All my friends are people who get a kick out of talking crap about me, but if I mention anyones elses name to them, they won't dare talk badly about that person. I'm constantly the punching bag out of all my friends, however this is very selective, because this is only a problem with allmt friends in Toronto, where I am from. 

After graduating High School, my sister helped me move to Vancouver to escape all the bullshit surrounding my life, which helped me immensley but only lasted 1 year. In this 1 year, I've met many amazing people, and many awful people, but also dealt with a sister who had a severe case of depression, and had a couple of suicide scares.

In these suicide scares (ie. a questionable snapchat post), around 6 people would come over, or alternatively, everyone would start messaging me to look over my sister. It made me think, if I had a suicide scare, would anyone care? The answer is no, and that's because I know the people around me better than anyone else.

After moving back from Vancouver, I'm forced to live with my grandma, accompanied by my 2 uncles, because I can't afford to move out of any other place. Which is the main reason why I'm making this post, everyone in Toronto, including my family, treat me like absolute shit, and I'm so close to losing it.

One day, I would love to record an argument between me and one of my uncles, who is 34 years old, but somehow I always forget or don't know how fo hide the camera properly. The argument we just had is the reason why I'm losing hope in everyone around me, the main topic was why he was stuck at a low rank in a game (Overwatch), and him constantly saying it's his teammates fault and **NEVER** his. I tell him he needs to learn from his mistakes, and the argument continues with "what mistakes, it's always my team". Living with a narcissist is gonna make me lose my shit. There was another key moment where he calls me a bad person, and that I changed for the worse ever since I came back from Vancouver because I apparently swear more, which makes me a bad person apparently. 

The argument was 10x worse than how I'm describing it, with me bringing valid points and him being a 34 year old child, while I'm a 18 year old way more mature than he is. If I recorded that argument and posted it, you would want to strangle him. 

I can't afford to move out from this loser because jobs keep cancelling on me last second partially due to the price hike, where everyone is now alot more cautious on who they hire, and I resorted twice to asking my sister for money. At this point, I feel like I'm being too much of a burden to her and my family, and think there is almost nothing more I can do in my current position. The "talking to someone" method doesn't work, because I tried and all of my friends just cannot give less of a shit. They are just not those type of people. They will never message me unless I message them.



