Something is broken, I dont see a purpose to live anymoreI'm scared of sleeping, when I go to bed all that has happened to me starts to occupy my brain.    
I will start from the beginnig. I immigrated to North America 5 years ago , I was 19 . At that time I was dating a girl and when I moved here we decided to start LDR. For the first few years it was really hard since I was trying my best to get intergrated into this society, she was very supportive of me and she was helping me cope. Our feelings grew stronger and  we confessed, from that day on we were living with a hope that we will meet as soon as I become citizen. Last year I finally got my passport and we met in Europe. It was fantastic , it was magical but it was only for a month. I was really excited about us and our future, I was almost done with university and I was looking forward to meeting with her again for a short time until I find a job and we can get merried. Fast forward to January , she tells me she cant do this anymore and she is tired. Her parents dont want us to be together because I have too many problems and its not an easy road. She broke up with me and my world shattered. I never was able to fully understand this western culture, why is the majority pretends to care but in reality they dont give a fuck?


None of my real friends are here, my family is not really in shape to help me either because my mom has lots of health problems and my father is the only one that is working. I tried to find a job but no one is interested in hiring me, I dont have anyone I can talk to in person. I dont know what to do, I really dont see a purpose to live anymore. Nothing interests me anymore, no one really cares about some dirty immigrant who cant even speak fucking English properly. Only good thing in my life was my SO and now she left me , she gave up because I'm a failure and I cant do anything. I miss my homeland , I miss my friends and my old life but I cant go back. No one is waiting for me, no one cares.