I'm tired of living. (couldn't think of a proper title)Okay. I'm at the end of my rope. I decided I should post here and whine about my life before doing anything permanent.
I'm depressed and tired of life, and I'm contemplating suicide, as you might say. I've been to 3 psychiatrists in the last 1,5 years. None of them helped, but one tried to sell me homeopathic shit. So you can check "professional help" off the list. 

I have been homeschooled for 4 years (from grades 5 to 9), and I haven't done jack shit during that time. Basically, I skipped 4 years of school. So I have the educational level of a fifth grader. I went back to school last year, but I only lasted for 4 and a half months before bailing out again due to the workload and bullying. I don't know what to do, it seems hopeless. I have to go back to school tomorrow after a 3 month school break. (Not that I attended school before that) I can't stand seeing my classmates again, I despise most of them. My hands shake when I think about school and all the assignments, considering I'm a dumb fuck who can't even do basic maths and write a simple essay. I feel helpless. I live in a small house with my 2 little sisters and an overprotective mother, and I don't get any privacy, at all. I feel it (privacy) is very important to my well-being. I've tried talking to my mom about this but nothing came out of it. 
As for my sisters, I feel bad for them, they do nothing but watch TV all day and my mother just doesn't give a fuck. (not that she's busy, she doesn't have a job, I don't know what the fuck she does all day) It all just feels so sad and pointless. 
I don't have any interests either. I spend all my time on the computer, and I don't do anything cool like writing music or programming or anything, I just browse the internet pointlessly. My vision has dropped a lot because of that (at least I think so, I don't really know). Also, I sleep a lot (but I still feel tired in the end) and it is coincidentally the only part of my life that I enjoy. I read a lot of self-motivation articles and the such, I have tried a lot of stuff, but nothing I did seemed to help. 

So there. All that petty bullshit makes me feel the way I do. I don't know what to do about it. I'm tired and apathetic all the time. I don't have any reasons left to live. I'm not looking for attention or someone to talk to. Typing this out didn't make me feel any better either, but I guess it had to be done in order for you to understand my situation. There's a bunch of other stuff I could whine about, but I don't think it's important to the story.
