I don't even know what to sayI've been suicidal for so long, and I can't take it anymore. I spent my weekend lying in a bathtub with a knife clutched to my chest, trying to calm the fuck down. I cant describe the pressure. I'm about to be homeless, and welfare agencies won't help me. Mostly because I am so horribly anxious when I go to them for help that I can't communicate properly - I *cant*, and they don't listen, or attempt to understand. I can't get an advocate to talk for me, and they refuse to let me see a social worker. 

My PTSD has become so bad that I cannot sleep, I cannot eat and I can't leave the house unless it's dark outside. I know I should probably go to hospital, but last time I went I was treated poorly, and became so terrified that I started experiencing psychosis, and just huddled in a corner begging for people not to touch me. They tricked me into take sedatives (they said they would just relax me a little, but it knocked me unconscious for over two days). I woke up even more terrified as I was in a different room which meant they must've touched me while I was out (which is a massive trigger) and I ended up trying to strangle myself with shoelaces, which didn't work cuz they found me, took me to a high dependency ward where I had to witness a man slit his own throat and spray the entire common area with his blood. So I'm not going back to hospital, which is all that Lifeline etc etc recommend. Even my therapist is out of options, and I can't afford to see her anymore anyway. She and I have called every charity, health and youth crisis organisation in my state (Australia) and I miraculously just slip through the cracks.

I have a history of severe trauma and child abuse, and i cannot get help from any family member. I can't leave the house any more to even try and get any more help. I'm about to be kicked out because I can no longer hold a job, and my father (a violent pedophile who sexually abused me as a kid) will no longer send any money to support me as he wants to spend his most recent paycheck on a Mediterranean cruise instead. It was horribly triggering to receive money from him anyway, as he sent awful emails to me, knowing I had to read them because I needed his money. 

Guys I'm fucked. I'm terrified. I can't stop shaking, I've been shaking for weeks. I'm so exhausted from trying, trying to get help. I need someone to just HELP me. Just let me have a break. I'm so terrified of losing what little safety I have (a room and bed). I can't comprehend leaving this room. I don't know what to do. I need help. 

