Please helpHi please help me this is going to be really long but I cant do this anymore. I am 19 about to turn 20 and I live with crazy pentecostal parents who are ruining my life. They are from third world countries and they grew up during a civil war (they also never got therapy) and as a result I think they suffer from a lot of stress and anxiety. Anyway, it all pretty much started years ago when my father first lost his job. He got meaner and started yelling everyday. For the longest time, I wondered what was wrong with me? I suffered from self-harm and other things but no one knows about that. When I was 14, my older brother (also who I used to consider my best friend but at some point molested me when I was younger..we don't talk about it we pretend it never happened but it kills me) got kicked out of the house due to religious differences. My brother moved in with his girlfriend and there was yelling everyday at home. I would get yelled at in the car on my way to school, on my way back, etc. My parents would force me to guilt trip my brother into coming back home (even though he didn't leave willingly and got kicked out..) All of that took a tolll on me. My mother used to chase me around the room with a bible. I also have a sister with down syndrome and she openly humps things in public and she masturbates a lot through her clothes and it's too much to bear. Anyway throughout high school it got worse and there would always be yelling at home and a lot of it was directed at me and my siblings. I grew very depressed but didn't let anyone know. I kept it all inside. They treat my sister very kindly and are not abusive to her whatsoever. It's just me. He also yells at her a lot and it's very distressing to hear. Last week, I got a bobcut and I guess according to our stupid religion you can't do that so he got extremely mad and started yelling at me. I froze up and it made me so anxious to the point I went in my room and bawled all day. We didn't talk for a few days until his birthday but then hr apologized to me and said he loved me but basically said he'll never stop yelling because one day we'll thank him for it. I got very sad by that. I went in my rokm and began hittin my head against the floor and started groaning until i passed out. I have a very strict curfew and I am not allowed to go out on weekends for any reason whatsoever unless it's the library. They force me to go to church but I don't believe in any of it. I am on the verge of killing myself but then I remember that they're old and that my mom needs help taking care of my sister with down syndrome. I opened up to my mom and said I need therapy and she said no and I said if I don't i might end up killing myself and she said we can't have CPS here and that made me sad and I hit my head again and wept quietly all day. I am a smart individual with very strong ambitions but this is killing me. I really want to kill myself. I want to get a knife and slit my throat.