What is going on inside my brain...I wrote on here a while back about how I was failing out of college and had to move back in with my parents. A couple months later after the fact, I'm slowly deteriorating deeper in a hole I've created. My father comes home every day and badgers/verbally abuses me on a constant basis that I've now grown to HATE his presence. I cannot even describe how much I truly dislike him, like I honestly wish I'd never see him again. I managed to maintain a job for awhile, and started to save money to pay off the loans I owe. Although in his mind I'm still not going anywhere, as if I fucking can, I owe enough money to pay an apartment's rent for two years. Anyways, I was working and smoking weed to calm my constant nerves of wanting to commit suicide - and of course he finds out. My dad is strongly against weed and always will be. My god, his constant one sided arguments have just continued to ruin the very little happiness I had. I don't even know what I can do anymore, he's continuously threatening me to throw me out on the street and find my own way. He even decided one day to search through the guest room [not even my room] to find weed, with no avail. I have completely lose my trust in him, and simply hate him. I cannot even sum up the anger that is coursing through me right now to be able to summarize all the aggression and bullshit he's put me through. I'm fearing that I may become homeless now and have no idea what even to do if I become homeless. Do I just sleep on the streets? How can I survive, I'm not even strong enough to live in a house. Man, I keep having visions of suicide and am slowly developing motives again. I hate this fucking circle I'm in, this bullshit circle. As if there's a cow on top of me, everyday, going moo motherfucker, here's some more shit for you. God dammit I wish I could just grow some balls and end it, but there's still something grasping me in this life. Very faint hope. It's ridiculous how many times I've been in this same exact situation wanting help and contemplating suicide, that it's become routine for me. I'm 19 years old. Why do I deserve this? Even writing that sentence brings tears to my eyes, because seriously, what have I done? I didn't bully kids, I didn't steal, I drank my parents alcohol but I bought them new bottles promptly after, I never beat anyone up.. I don't know reddit. I'm just writing a wall of text to get out all my thoughts, because I don't know how much longer I can deal with this. I didn't think God, if he's even there, would play me cards like this. I get it man, you got a royal flush, but what the fuck do you want me to do with a pair of 2's?