Past trauma and NEW trauma. I am breaking and I just want it to end!!!My background.... I am a 31 year old female. I have recently been diagnosed with anxiety and I think that I am experiencing depression as well. As a child, I was constantly  raped by a teenager in my neighborhood. I told my brother and he and his friends beat the guy up but then shortly after, my brother would spend years forcing himself onto me via vaginal and anal. I was the 5th of 9 children, my mom worked 3 jobs so she was never aware of what was going on and my dad was always out and never emotionally available. At 18, me and my now husband began dating and I told him what happened and I thought that I was ok. Well, fast forward to May of last year, I was at my nieces wedding reception, she rented a villa, and I felt like being that I was with family, I was ok.... I wasn't, I let go and got extremely drunk while a group of people sat and talked to where I ended up having sex with someone. I only remembered bits and pieces, initially. I DID remember that I told him no and that I was married but we still had sex. He woke me up before he left my room and I remembered crying and telling him that I was married and him saying that he was sorry. The next day I woke up embarrassed and filled with guilt. As I left, he called me and told me that he had asked for my phone number that night and I had given it to him. He told me that we had sex twice and that I when he asked me if I wanted him to stop I said yes :'(    He told me what happened and as he did, the memories began to come flooding in. I was so ashamed  and emotional because I shouldn't have put myself in that situation. 

I spoke to him a few more times and realized that although he had been drinking, he was coherent, drinks on the regular, and has a high tolerance. I asked him about his status and he told me that he was negative and that he could send his results to me and when I asked him about why he chose me, he said "because you were married so I knew you were safe." I became conflicted because as time went on and I filled in the puzzle piece memories, I realized that it felt good. I became suicidal, I wanted to kill him for doing this to me. I have always been honest with my husband about things but I couldn't about this. I couldn't hurt him. I had planned on committing suicide one day that my husband and kids were away. I opened up and told my friend about what happened and she picked up on me wanting to commit suicide and kill him. She begged me not to and to go get tested which I did. There I broke down to a nurse and told her what happened and she helped me as well and suggested therapy. I started going and trying to figure it out. The therapist said that I need to forgive myself and put me on prozac  but I stopped taking it because of how it made me feel.

2months later (July 2019), the male contacted me again from another number, different from the one that I had blocked, and said that "he missed me." I told him that he didn't know me and he said that he knew and that he wanted to. I told him that he knew that I was drunk and to leave me alone. He asked if we could be friends and when I repeated no!, it seemed as though I hurt his feeling and he hung up. Since then on, I have been battling with crying spells, and anxiety.  In March of this year, I created an instragram page and he messaged me asking if it was me, I turned around and immediately deleted the page. It seems to have reopened my old childhood wounds because now, I have found that I am putting myself in compromising situations with individuals. My Dr. had put me on Lexapro and I sometimes feel okay but other times I just want it to stop. All of my worrying, all of my fears, tears, loneliness and panic attacks. I have started to envision myself dead but I don't feel suicidal. I just want to fix me. I want to tell my husband what is wrong with me but I cant. I feel like there is no way out of these thoughts and fears. I want them to stop!! I am afraid to commit suicide because I know that my kids need me but I feel so alone and sad. I am supposed to see a new therapist on thursday but I feel like it's too far away. I FEEL LIKE I AM BREAKING