DeleteDon't know where else to post this, and I don't care.

I think I might be clinging to the few things about myself that I understand and reinforcing them. I'm suicidal. I have anger problems. I am reckless and bad with money. I am a skilled freelancer that just can't get work. I'm starting to think it's all an illusion. That I don't really have any reasons to be angry, or sad, or depressed. That I don't really have any reason to be happy except that I want to be. Maybe I don't want to be. Maybe it's unfamiliar and scary. Maybe I am scared of everything and that's why I struggle with even the simplest tidbit of bad news. Maybe I am an awful person like my mind tells me.

I'm so pathetic and sad and maybe that's what I am used to. But I think my dreams are dead. Nothing makes me glow anymore, inside, nothing matters. Only thing that I get is angry, angry that Im hungry, or that she is, or that our future is looming up ahead and will certainly kill us. So much anger at myself, at everyone, and so much judging. All I can do anymore is judge and say "should". It doesn't help anything. The things I need to do trhat would help me, I am too scared too do.

I am a grown man scared to even wake up and face the bullshit tomorrow brings. And so many people would trade their life for mine in an instant. I am such a selfish, spoiled brat who deserves the internal torture I am getting. I don't know what's real. I guess no one does but most people don't care. I'm so sick of myself. I want to be someone else. Is that possible? Can I not be me anymore? Probably not. But all of these ideas I cling to, all of these ideas about "me", and all of these ideas other people have about "me", isn't that what defines a person? The things in my head, are truly sick, and some of them are on here on this handle and I should be ashamed of them. I know I am sick. Some people disagree with me. But do I cling to my sickness?

I do wish, so many times, that I was dead. I am so tired of this shit and I have been since I was a little kid. All the fear and anxiety and shame and guilt and awkwardness and backstabbing. You know, being in a room with people.

Good its to long for anyone to read by now. That comforts me. Knowing no one will give a fuck what I say. Which is ironic because I discovered today that I cling to this notion of "People should listen to me". Like, it infuriates me when I am not being listened to, and this makes me sound like a huge selfish prick. So I guess I am, whatever, see normally I would want to defend myself here and explain it's not like that but fuck it, it is like that if you want it to be. See why do I try and "correct" anyone? Ever? Let them all die, let them all hate me. I hate me why shouldn't they? Deep inside I feel like I really love everyone in the world - but then I realize how awful they are, and how awful the natural world is, and how awful I am, and so I come to the conclusion that it's all Evil. and terrible. And needs to be destroyed. So I ramble on about how bad things are and how I would make it better if I could, but since I can't, nothing matters and we migth as well all be dead. How stupi dis that? Stupid. So much of what I say, and do, is so stupid. Normally I'd be sorry, and say how I didn't mean it, or how I just get like this. But why am I trying to protect anyone in this already doomed world? Especially protect them from stupidity, which is about the least possible thing. I spent years trying to learn to communicate well, and I still suck at it, so I don't care anytmore that this makes no sense. Flapstick jo jo cock. Lapodoo. I'ts not going to ghet any views or votes anyway. Not that I care, quite the opposite, I hope no one sees it, but I want to read it later and this was easiest.