*Triggering(Please do not read unless strong enough) Nobody cares about my story. Once I’m gone they will wonder why when I’ve tried to speak up over and over. Now I am numb.**Triggering story 
***Sorry if my grammar is not the best (typing from my phone) so here it goes... 

I’ve tried to take my life five times and only three out the five I was nearly successful. First off, I wanted to say I can not stand the ideology around people saying that ending your life is selfish. Also, when they try to throw your family and friends around as if guilting me will make me feel any better.

Since, I was younger I’ve always felt like I didn’t belong here or that I was an oddball. It’s like I stick out like a sore thumb everywhere I go letting the visions of those around me haunt my mind as time goes by.

I’ve been sexual assaulted more times than I can count from a old childhood friend’s brother. Growing up only got worst as I was in two uncontrollable events in which I got raped at the age of fourteen and then nineteen when I was in college. 

I actually had got pregnant and then endured a series of two miscarriages from that situation. I was pregnant with twins while still trying to maintain being a college athlete and keep up my GPA. 

They dismissed what happened to me both times family the first time and my old college the second. 

However, the one question that tends to stick me is “Why do they care if I leave this earth” my therapist in quote said to me at the age of twenty “I’ve lived through more trauma that could last a life time in which she does know if she could overcome” and then she went to say “.... you are so strong”.


As I look back at my trauma and counting it’s unbearable. Especially with everything going on as an African American female I can honestly admit I feel like I’m truly losing it. Every breath I take feels like thousands of boulders crushing my lungs... 

My cries are silent. My cries are never heard I’m hushed along the way trying to make it in today’s society. All of my dreams fades into fantasies as it feels like I’ll never overcome this.


So that question that lingers “Why do they care if I leave this earth” will always bother me for the sake that I care for everyone but myself. Selfish I think not for the only reason I don’t just jump is for the sake of others and their feelings... Never mines though.

I feel like a waste of space just collecting time before I go. I’m twenty-one and everyday feels harder and harder so what now? I’ve been hospitalized around nine times. I’m still in college going with the motions.


I’m struggling to barely get out of bed. So what now?


**I just really needed to get that off my chest.