I don't know if I'm at risk or not anymoreHi...

My name is Charlie, I'm 19 and male from the UK 
In March of last year (03/2015) I became depressed, more so than regular. I've thought about suicide a lot since I was 13 but I've never acted on it.

In April I went to my university for help who sent me straight to Hospital to have an evaluation done.

Since then I've been on anti depressants and they've helped a bit. What really helped me was my now ex girlfriend.

Back in April she to me was the sole reason I didn't kill myself, because she still spoke to me and made me happy.

In August we broke up because I felt better and we started arguing more over a lot of things, the biggest being our past together (we've both done a lot of horrible things to each other) but she always blamed herself for my depression.

By the start of September I had collapsed again, I was crippled by my depression and had my medication doubled, I'm now on the largest dosage I can be given.

I went and saw her and spent the night with her it put a plaster on how I felt, once I left I felt great and on top of the world because I felt is still mattered.

She asked me to get back together and I said no because I felt good and remembered all the bad.

She has since fallen in love with someone else, and moved in with him and is planning on having children with him in the near future.

I have fallen back down my dark hole, I have tried little things to get my life back together, I work a few days a week, I see my friends when I am mentally up for it, and am seeing a therapist when I can afford it, currently once a month.

The thing is she has now completely removed me from her life, and now I have not only lost my girlfriend, but also my best friend whom I confided my entire life in for the past four years and feel so very empty and alone.

As I go through the motions I have come to realise that I have a paralysing fear of being abandoned. Despite our issues I could never let her move on or move on myself because I was scared that there was nothing more for me that once she left/moved on I would be abandoned by her, my best friend, my only friend whom I could confide in.

Now I'm completely alone, blocked by her on all platforms, and the only other person I talk to who even remotely makes me feel as if I've not been completely abandoned has been in Ecuador for the past 8 months trying to overcome her own problems.

So I'm here on reddit.. On r/suicidewatch because I have spent every waking moment of the past 3 days thinking that I should kill myself to get away from this pain and from the future.

I know that it's not a real answer but I feel hopeless and I don't really know where to turn.

I would usually play video games but I've come to a point where there don't let me escape anymore they're just something to look at while I scream on the inside...

Scream for an end to how I feel.