[Repost from r/depression]. Need any help I can get with a suicidal friend as fast as possiblesome background: My friend is about 35 years old, I know him through work since about 1,5 years, when he started to work at my company. He is overweight and generally a shy nice guy due to bullying (as he has talked about earlier with me). Because of these traits he has never had a relationship or been with a girl (this is a big issue for him).

However, right now he actually has his dream job. he has spent around 6 years of university studies to get this degree to get this job and he got it. The thing is, he has "Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder" (ADHD). This was no problem in school because he got extra time for studying and exams to help him through. But he is about to get fired now with a bad "repute" because he cannot handle the job (boss told him last week). I.e. with no further chance of getting a second chance anywhere.

This weekend I had a few friend over for drinks and he was invited. He got tipsy/drunk like everyone else and took me aside and said that this might be the night he will commit suicide due to everything above. I left the party with him to walk in fresh air and talk about it. The thing is, I dont know what to say other than ask him to seek professional help, his situation seems as hopeless to me as with him.

He has two things right now that he values in life, being loved by a woman and being able to manage his dream job. what can I say? Knowing his persona he wont find a woman, its tragic but thats how the world works. And with that type of mental deficiency in our line of work, he was doomed from the beginning. He shouldnt have been allowed to study and build up a debt in the beginning, someone should have stepped in right there :(
HELP! I think its really urgent, I think he already has the means and plan. I know he probably contacted me because he is afraid of going through with it and he is grasping for someone to say the right things, im afraid I will push him into it by saying the wrong thing

(Im sorry for broken english, im not native english speaker)