I’m so sick of myself and can end it all right nowI have 12 pills of 5(or 20mg) adhd Med im not supposed to have. The only reason I have them is to get high and HAPPY. A really sharp knife I used just then to cut myself. So two ways I can just die right now. But I can’t. I can’t because I’m Scared it will effect others badly. I know others want me here on earth. Ive got a loving mother and a really nice gf. my gf and the pills are what make me happy. The only thing making me sad is myself. So the reasonable thing to do the to eliminate the bad parts of my life, or myself. I get so sad over myself for one reason. I can’t do shit. Not is the sense that “oh look at me I’m bad at everything” because I’m actually really skilled and on par with a natural prodigy. But I can’t use any of that! Because for what ever reason the only thing I find hard to do is nothing!!! What takes people months or years takes me days or weeks. “You learned the basics c++ in a month? I learned it all in a day”. I can’t use what I’ve been born with. I can’t use anything I’ve been given. I just wish that someone else was born with the gifts I’ve been given with. The skill and knowledge, the amazing mother and girlfriend. So maybe if I just end it all, I’ll get the life I deserve. A worthless body with no skill. Because I’m not going to use any of it anyways. The fact that I know myself so FUCKING MUCH is one of the reasons I hate myself. I WISH I NEVER KNOW I WAS GOOD AT THINGS. I WISH I COULD GET MY ASS UP AND LEARN SOMETHING! ANYTHING! I WISH I THOUGHT THAT I WAS SHIT BECAUSE THEN I MIGHT PUT EFFORT INTO THINGS. I am creating the down fall to my relationships though the sadness in creating on my own and my self harm. So the logical thing to do is get rid or the bad things in other people’s lives. But I can’t. Because they want me here so it’s selfish for me to go. 
Sorry if you read all that and had to put up with the shitty English and grammar. If anyone does end up reading this. Maybe chat with me every now and again :) even if for a minute. 

Calmed down after writing this and normally I take my posts down but I think I’ll leave this one up. Just anyone, if you’re reading, please help me from myself before I give myself to chance to &lt;3