Please read im at my end rope in lifei dont know where to start(sorry if writing is bad im crying atm) i guess how i feel at the moment. currently im having abit of a panic attackish i thnk i was walking around and out of no where started thinking about  how fucked i am in side. i contacted a site last night that was a suicide / depression therapy. i got an email basicaly they said they refuse to talk to me and i should call 911 or some wheres else. i  refuse to call 911. but i was walking around and thinking  about suicide. last coulpe months have been a living nightmare for me and a really big struggle to move on in live. i thought '' i cant believe i watched myself transform into almost everything i  hate in life. fuck i wanna be the little me. in grade 1,2,3,4,5,6 my teachers always told my mom i am the most happyest kid they have seen i always smile and im polite.wheres all that fucking now. grade 9 and cant even smile because it was taken away from me why i tell myself why cant i be happy  i hate going oout in public seeing happy people im jellouse. i spent the day with my uncle and brother today and it was awesome. it has been only 2 hours (im back at home) (parents are NOT abusive but careing)(dont live with them) and i already wanna kill myself. they dont have the problems i have i can promise you that. i wanna tell people my problems but that wont help you wont understand. its basicaly my curiousity gets the best of me. i beg to live happy. but im so mentialy fucked it wont happen. i dont wannna kill my self i just want to get help but dont wanna look for help everyday i say ill see a guidance counclor but in the morning i feel better.  and dont do it. im scared that one day ill become a violent alcholic drunk like my EX dad (mom devorced him)  some times i think suicicde will end this contstant depression and missery i feel. everyone is like '' hey pm me if you wanna talk'' so i do and they dont reply or they just pm saying  ''your wierd or your disturbing''  i wanna tell my mom that i cut my self and hopefuly she will understand and get me a therapist and meds i need . i cant go on living like this im at the end of my rope i think ill commit suicide soon 