Small storysmall slice of whats got me feeling so depressed, sorry if i explain it all bad, im mainly doing this cus i have no one else to tell..

So, theres a lot of things that got me fucked up but the biggest thing is seeing how more supportive my mom is towards my older brother despite him achieving the same things i was last year, and me going through shit right now that i need emotional support with .. Well basically me and my brother were fat as fuck, last year i managed to lose 100 pounds, managed my money right, improved in school after fucking up a bunch, and just became a better me. Well the people around me still treated me like shit, and it was whatever because i was used to it but my mom didnt notice how hard i was fucking trying and how much i changed for the better. Fast forward towards months of drinking and hating myself because i didnt receive any love or support, i end up losing the job that i was dedicated to because i left early due to receiving an anxiety attack from them pushing me too much with work i didnt have the position for(different story).. My mom gives me shit and makes me feel worse overall, i have way more months of drinking, to the point where i think i created irreversible damage to my brain.. i feel lightheaded all the time and like im gonna have another seizure..well i end up getting another job that was better and end up losing that as well because my anxiety had been killing me, my mom calls me an idiot for not taking care of the job meanwhile praising my brother for starting to lose weight. And this is still going on, all the support for him but none for me.. i believe its because we have different fathers and mine was supposedly worse.. Anyways i gained my weight back, ive been jobless for a while already, school is going okay but im still going through all this heartache and nothing is changing just getting worse, i wish i atleast had a female to listen to me but i cant even have that because im too hasty with all this anxious feelings i get... oh well, and guy friends ? Nah, no one gives a single fuck about me or the shit ive been through. This is just a little bit of the things fucking with me. i really wish i had the balls to follow through killing myself the past two years but nothing... well i ended up cutting myself off from my "friends" because its clear no one cares, idk im just hoping i keep feeling this fucked up so that i can actually get the balls to kill myself, if i do then ill hang myself in my moms room so she can get what she wanted.  Theres probably so much left out here but idk im not gonna proofread it haha, i made a youtube video explaining more but theres still a lot left out, idk man im fucking problematic, like im having a panic attack right now and all that i can do is write on reddit..god why the fuck does life have to always treat me like this ? molested, i get no love or even someone to hear me out, friends mock me, girls lead me on, i get a permanent health issue because the only thing that was there for me was alcohol, why cant I have a break ? im a good person, i treat everyone with respect, idk man i guess im just weak... fuck me i just wish i had the balls to kill myself.. well if i do get the balls soon ill stream it somewhere or something, i want the world to see how it looks when a worthless motherfucker ends his shit.....