I don't want to waitThe last time I posted, I was so close to ending it all.  Someone suggested that I wait a month and see if things get better.  If things didn't get better, then I can end it.  February 9th would be the day that it could all end, but I don't think I can wait anymore.  I want to do it now.  Things are only getting worse for me.  I'm 20 and I live with my dad.  For those that didn't see my previous post, I suffer from severe anxiety, depression, and PTSD.  I have suffered with these things since I was a child.  In July of 2016, my dad got me a job as an admin assistant at his work.  I worked there until October of 2017.  I quit because the people there were treating me like shit every single day.  I was already depressed, but then adding this on top of it just made it worse.  I had wanted to quit for months, but finally did in October.  As soon as I quit, my dad started shitting all over me for quitting the job that he went out of his way to get me.  I didn't even want the fucking job in the first place.  I've been suicidal for years, but since quitting it has only gotten worse.  The first thing I think about every morning is how much I wish I was dead.  Some days I can push past it and manage to drag myself out of bed, but most days I just feel like shit and don't get out of bed.  It didn't get worse after quitting for any reason other than my dad constantly putting me down now.  I quit because I thought that if I didn't I would kill myself.  I felt so much better for like a week and then he started putting me down and I just felt so much worse.  He puts me down everyday like it's his hobby.  I can't be around him anymore.  I have nowhere else to go.  The only thing I can do is end it.  He got mad at me for quitting and then not deciding to get a job doing anything I enjoy.  But that's the fucking thing.  I don't enjoy anything anymore.  I haven't enjoyed anything in a long time.  I haven't the slightest idea want I would want to/be able to do with my life.  It's all just getting to be way to fucking much.  I know I'd only have to wait 16 more days, but I don't want to wait at all.