Please help me, I feel like after being strong for so long I can't take it anymore...I hope someone can over my some advice, because right now I feel like the world is caving in on me.

I don't even know where to begin. I feel like I shouldn't even be here, complaining, because I see so many people in this subreddit who have it worse than me...but I really need someone to just *listen*. No one listens anymore. They just talk...always talking.

I have a lovely fiancee who I moved from Australia for, and so currently I am waiting to finalize my immigration. During this time I am unable to work, or study. Even volunteer work is banned. So right now I am a waste of space, so to speak.

I have no income of my own, so I spend my days on a computer dicking around, waiting until the time passes. I've signed up to the gym and I go every moment available when my fiance can drop me off (it's too far to walk), but other than that I spend my day around the house. 

I have no friends. What friends I did have in Australia I no longer speak to, due to the huge timezones and them going their separate ways in life. My fiance's friends I don't know well enough. I have tried very hard to get to know them, but one of them is anti-social and angry all the time, one has just gone through a breakup and feels like the world is ending, and the others live too far away. 

There is no one in town I can get to know. I live in a retirement community, and there is nothing to do here. There's a gas station, a Tim Horton's, and a few stores. Voila. 

I feel like my life right now, is shit. A lot of people told me that I was very stupid for travelling at such a young age, and I haven't regretted moving to Canada to be with my fiance one bit. I love him to death - and I know, it sounds cliche, given my age - but I really am happy that I am with him.

Except that every day until he comes home I feel like my life is a waste of space. I am so very bored, and so very frustrated. In Australia I was an honour roll student, a high achiever. I live for learning and bettering myself. 

I've tried very hard to put my spare time to use. I tried to learn programming, another language, art, etc. But right now I just feel so unmotivated, and the thought that I might be wasting away here for another year or so bothers me to no end.

I have no family, aside from my fiance. My mother was a schizophrenic paranoid, abusive both mentally and physically. She's left me with a lot of scars (again, both mental and physical) and she haunts my dreams every night. Even though I'm in another country I still jump every so often when I acidentally spill something or swear when I stub my toe, scared she's behind me ready to beat me again...or worse. That combined with other fanciful events of my childhood keeps me from sleeping well at night period.

I know I need to see a counsellor about this...I know I need someone to talk to. But right now I have no healthcare, and I don't have the money to pay for any of this.

I never let things bother me, ever. I always, always try and look on the bright side, but everything is just hitting hard so lately. I have to get my wisdom teeth out - they're both infected badly - and my fiance is going to have to use up his savings to pay for it. I don't know if that bothers him or not. He doesn't know how to communicate, or listen. It's not his fault - he is a good man, just had a rough time with both friendships and relationships, but he's trying to change desperately for me. 

He's also extremely stressed out at the moment - he works every day and also goes to college for eight hours of the day, so by the time he comes home he just wants to relax, and he can't even do that due to school work. I don't want to bother him with my problems. =/

I need help, Reddit. I've tried to stay positive my entire life - there's a lot more to my backstory, but that summarizes most of the stuff that bothers me at the moment. I just feel so lonely, so bored, so upset. Everything is sort of hitting me at once...and I feel so stupid for even complaining about this.

TL;DR I can't work, study or do anything while living in another country till the government says so. I feel like a waste of space and for the first time in my life everything bad that has happened is getting to me. 
