Was I meant to ever exist?Hey r/SW. I've posted here before (one of my earliest submissions to reddit, if I'm not mistaken) but I really feel like I need some more help. For those unfamiliar with me, I've been suffering from depressive symptoms for several years. It all started after a fairly traumatic episode in my youth (about 7 years ago) which caused me to become extremely distrusting of other people, especially officials of all kind. Over the past year I've tried a multitude of different self-help methods ranging from meditation, excercise to even psychedelic drugs. They all helped for a while, but they didn't really fix my issues. My issues are that I'm extremely emotionless (I can not even remember when was the last time I cried) and I seldom display any emotion with the exception of hatred, rage and frustration. It seems that these emotions have replaced everything else. I respond with these emotions to whatever situations I encounter. It's as if they've gone into my mind and replaced every other emotion in there. I've also noticed that I'm becoming increasingly isolated and increasingly harder to approach (It's a real effort to get me to even respond to a phone call from one of my remaining few friends) and I've started to think all other humans in the world in an extremely negative light. Yes, that's right. If I see you on the street, my first impression of you would probably be "What a fucking pretentious dickhead, I wished he fell and hurt himself". Even very innocent interactions (such as being greeted by a grocery store clerk) provoke extremely hateful and violent reactions. I'm not kidding, ANYONE who talks to me makes me furious. I wish I could just be left alone. Forever. I don't want to see people. I don't want to partake in society. I just want to be left alone, and never approached. Of course that is not possible, and my thoughts have sometimes led me to believe that rest of the world isn't incompatible with me, I'm the one who doesn't fit in. Perhaps it would be best if I started the final journey into the unknown before my unexplainable rage and hate turn to paranoia and delusional violence.