I just want it to be smiles.Hey, I don't really know where to start, I guess I'll just go with recent events. I joined the Army around 8 months ago in an attempt to make myself feel better because i was part of something bigger, or something, and it worked, somewhat; at least for a little bit. This last christmas I spent it with my grandparents and my grandpa had just bought a new handgun, and I just wanted my mind to shut the fuck up and be quiet, so I loaded two rounds (I've heard of people living through one shot and being a vegetable forever so I wanted to make sure I had backup) put it up to my head and nothing. I struggled with it for another 10 minutes then just gave it up. Turns out the guy he bought it from had cleaned it prior and forgot to put the firing pin back in. I checked myself into the emergency mental health clinic. It was the first time I ever sought help for my problems. In my house my father frowned on getting mental help, as he used to say "It ain't the touchy feely 80s anymore son, noone gives a shit if you don't feel good." I spent 11 days in inpatient where I met in groups, talked to a doc daily and generally felt good. I miss it there, the health techs, nurses, and groups were full of nice people who cared. Anyway it's been about a week and a half since I left, and I'm struggling to make it again. I'm being chapter-ed from the Army, under honorable conditions, and am returning home to my parents. I promised I wouldn't hurt myself to myself, and people who care about me, but here I am burning myself again. I have OCD with ruminations and intrusive thoughts and find myself on the floor gripped with thoughts of sexually assaulting people, crippling and terrifying because I have so much respect for people, especially women. And these intrusive thoughts  make it feel like this is myself wanting to do this and by burning myself brings me out of my mental pain and back into the physical world of pain which at least I can understand. I feel like I need someone to be happy. It's the only thing that makes me feel happy. I know you're not supposed to do that, but nothing else, none of the hobbies, jobs or ways to waste time compare to making someone else smile. I just want someone to tell me that they're there for me, and try to make me smile. I don't want to think about all the things that haunt me. My childhood full of physical and verbal abuse from students and teachers. My next door neighbor raping me in a piece of shit ford explorer on blocks in his front yard to the soundtrack slim shady. My fiancee that left me after 6 years of dating when she was pregnant and 2000 miles away over the phone. My best friend Ben hanging himself last year and his dad att the funeral telling me all he wanted to do his last 2 weeks of life was get in contact with me but I was too busy being a piece of shit wasting my life partying. Brooke, and her lies after finally thinking I could be happy again. I just want to be a kind, happy, nice man with a nice wife who's clingy and needy like I am. I just want to be ok.