I have wanted to say this for the longest amount of time.To start this off, I first and foremost want to say that I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. I can't help but feel like I'm whining or being ungrateful when I type out these words, but I've kept these feelings inside for so long and I've finally found the courage to say something. I know that I'm just another person online, and that what I'm saying really won't affect anyone who decides to actually read this, so I want to point out that it's okay to leave. I'm really only typing this because I really need to get these feelings out of me, even if it's just for a day. (It's probably also going to jump topics very often, and the transitions between topics will probably be very bad. I apologize if I happen to repeat anything so I'll try to edit this to the best of my ability, as well as make sure there are no grammatical errors. I really don't want to come off as whiny, since I'm posting this on the internet.)

I'm really young, so I really haven't experienced most of my life yet. If I have any of my life left that's worth living, of course. For years now, I feel like my self-esteem has been deteriorating and that my state of mind is only starting to get worse. For such a long time, I've loathed myself and all of my mistakes, and it might be due to the fact that in my younger years I have had focus and disciplinary issues. People generally avoided me, and anyone who was my friend wasn't really my friend because I was a target to a few kids that didn't like me. It made sense that they wanted to avoid me, and I don't blame them for publicly announcing they're not my friend to other people. I know that to most people, they want to put themselves first. I understand that. People just generally didn't like me though. I even got hate mail, although I'm not quite sure as to why someone would send a ten year old kid hate mail just to delete all evidence of it before I could tell someone. My middle school years is when these feelings started to appear. I just wanted to go away. I wanted to stop existing, or just not exist at all. I really just wanted to disappear. People still avoided me, although I've tried to reach out. Nobody ever reaches back though. It makes me feel very lonely. For about nearly a year now, I think I've had this entity I created in my head just to talk to. Sometimes it makes me feel better, but I know it's really just me. I feel like I'm trapped in my own mind. I've never had good communication skills, and I break down a lot in class. I've been feeling more panicky lately and I want to start talking to people but there's this deep-rooted fear that people will dislike me, like they did when I was younger. I spent most of my days being miserable, and it's still hard to find motivation to do anything. I hope that this is just a phase but I've felt this way for years now. I wish I could do something like snap my fingers and make it go away. Even when I'm happy, I'm not really happy. I always feel stuck in these feelings. It just made it worse when one of my teachers had told me that her three year old child was better at talking than I was. It really hurt because communication was something my parents wanted me to get better at, but it was so hard for me to. I really do want to talk to other people, but fear always holds me back. 

On top of that, I think I've always had this sick ideal of perfectionism. It likely stems from the fact that education is very important to my family. I know I was born with a decent enough brain to be a really good student, but it's hard to consistently do well in school. My parents are constantly reminding me to get A's and 100 percent scores all the time, and anything else is unacceptable. I've failed before, and every time it's made me feel like even more of a disappointment than I already am. I will do almost anything to maintain the image of the "perfect child" in my eyes, and when it comes to my perfectionism, I've always been a compulsive liar. I will hide anything as long as it makes me seem perfect in my parent's eyes, because if I'm not, I know I have to face the consequences. I hate the fixation on education to the point where I am obsessed with it, and I really want to stop myself from thinking this way but it's so difficult to when I've been thinking this way for so long. It's just so hard for me to accept my mistakes and imperfections, even though not accepting them only hinders my growth. Sometimes I don't want to keep being alive anymore. These feelings that I'm such a terrible person always consume me, to the point where I'm not even sure of who I am anymore. I'm always stuck in this loop where I want to die but at the same time I want to live. I've tried to tell people, but my friends tell me I'm being too negative, even though another friend of mine was allowed to express similar thoughts freely. Even when I was younger, one of my councellors noticed my behavior and notified my parents. I stopped expressing these emotions to other people. My parents think it's useless to want to end your own life or feel this way, but I feel this way almost all the time. I don't know if it's just sadness or if I'm genuinely having problems, but I just need to tell this to someone, even if nobody listens. I'm scared all the time and fear always consumes me to the point where it can get hard to sleep or even breathe. I hate it. I just want to feel happy, why can't I? It's me that's stopping me from feeling happy. Why can't I stop? People always think I'm some happy-go-lucky person, but it's exactly the opposite. I'm miserable. I'm always telling myself that who I am is not enough. Why can't I be more? Why can't I be who I want to be. I hate it, I hate it so much. I'm always sick and tired, everything I once enjoyed isn't even fun anymore. I loved to write, and now I can barely even get a few words down without losing motivation in a matter of seconds. At least reading helps me, but I feel like I'm also getting too grounded in fantastical worlds. Fantasy is becoming my reality, and I'm starting to disassociate myself with what's really real to get away from my problems, but they always do come back. I want to cease existing, because who I am is a lie. It hurts to even just think about simple things, and my thoughts almost always go back to criticizing everything I've ever been and wanting to just disappear. I really hope this is a phase, but I've been waiting and trying to get the feelings to go away but they just won't. Even after feeling happy, the feelings come back. They just won't go away. I hate this feeling of hopelessness. Why can't it all end? I don't even deserve to feel this way, nothing truly terrible has happened to me. I even acknowledge these thoughts and habits are unhealthy, but it's so hard to stop when this has been a mentality I've had for nearly my entire short life. I really just want to be happy, but I feel awful. To everyone I've ever known, I want to apologize for even feeling these feelings and not bothering to tell anyone. I feel so selfish. I know it's highly unlikely anybody I know will be reading this, but I will never have the courage to tell anybody in real life, so I might as well say it here.

(For anyone that did read this) Whether you skimmed through this, or decided to read this all I want to say thank you. It's probably strange to listen to the ramblings of someone who is barely even a highschooler, since my problems are petty and insignificant compared to other people who are born under more unfortunate circumstances or have been alive for far longer than I have. It genuinely helped me to get this all out, since I'm sick and tired of having these feelings bottled up. It's likely that tomorrow and the following days I'll feel this way again, but saying this all now has helped me find some amount of comfort, even if it's only for today.