My StoryI've been heavily addicted to drugs (marijuana, opiates, benzos) for the past decade. I quit opiates a year ago and am current 34 days sober from weed. I'm prescribed klonopin because I do suffer from GAD, but I do abuse them.

As a child I was emotionally abused by both my parents. My dad can only understand money and sports. I didn't like sports, nor was I very good at them, but he made me play them all (not exaggerating) which created a cycle of disappointment, humiliation, and emasculation.

My mother has some undiagnosed personality disorder. She spent most of my childhood either crying, having imaginary fights with me when I'd be in an entirely different part of the house, and making me take her medication because she said I was the reason she was so sad.

I got into a good college in 2007, and then the financial crash of 2008 happened. Intellectually unqualified for any field of study with job security, I studied English Lit, got through college smoking myself into isolation and barely crawling out with zero distinction or careee goals. 

Upon graduating, I moved back home. My dad, always one to shove square pegs into round holes, said I had to work for him and got me a job selling insurance in my hometown while everyone I knew fro college moved to Brooklyn or Los Angeles to intern at some prestige bullshit, or stay in the womb of academia and get masters or their ph.d.

It was during this time that my mom decided to become an alcoholic. This was enough, and so I just moved about 5 hours away from my family to temporarily live with my sister who git me a job, but who's, understandably, put some limits on the time I can live with her.

I'm consumed with anger, regret, and isolation. Quitting pot means I'm fighting a long, lonely, mindfuck battle that absolutely nobody gives a fuck about. I've wasted every opportunity I've had and spend my time reading classic literature, playing chess, or watching TV - in other words, still avoiding figuring out how to make something of my life.

I was raised Catholic, left the church, but still remain sympathetic to the concept of Agape. I don't know if many of you read, but I cried for hours over Joyce's Ulysses, which, despite its many difficulties, is simply about thus Love for others despite all of life's injustices.

Well, even with all that, I am consumed by loathing (both for myself and for what's going on in my country right now *guess which country*) 

I feel completely useless and want to leave. Even the genius of a book like Joyce's Ulysses can't persuade me to stick around. My mother has begun sending me drunk texts filled with misspelt apologies, but I've finally blocked them. My dad and I have an OK relationship, but it's still one defined by tragic misunderstanding, and with years of recovery from drug abuse ahead of me, it just seems like too much. I don't foresee marriage. I don't foresee career fulfillment.

Well that's my story. I don't want to pay for a therapist, so I needed to scream into a void somewhere. If you've read this far, thank you.