I've never felt this way before.I've never really contemplated suicide. I was happy for a very long time. I was going to college, doing well, had a loving boyfriend and knew what I wanted in my life.

Then I graduated. Then he broke up with me after more than 5 years together. And now I don't know what I want to do with myself. I don't feel like doing anything anymore. 

He was.. Still is.. The love of my life. He said he loves, is in love with me, but needed time. I found out he was talking to another girl. I asked why, he said because he didnt want to talk to me. He says I could still talk to him, yet he completely ignore me. 

I've been struggling to keep busy while it seems like everything is great with him. It hurts so much. It's been 6 weeks that ive been feeling like a complete piece of shit. I feel stupid. I keep telling him that I'll leave him alone.. But I can't go more than 2 or 3 days without trying to contact him.  I cry myself to sleep. In my dreams, everything is good with him. But then I wake up and cry again. He is constantly in my thoughts.

In ever thought that I would feel this way.. Never thought he would do something like this to me. (there is a lot more to this story, obviously. But I don't want to write it out.)

Our anniversary and his birthday are the same day.. And that's coming up. I want to so badly go to him but it's impossible for me.. I moved across the country thinking it would help. But I haven't been working and I have no money now. 

I am planning on getting incredibly drunk on that day and calling him. There is a very large possibility that I may off myself then. I know in my heart that he's the one for me... But he doesn't want me. And I don't want anyone else. 

But I've also been fantasizing about scrapping enough money together, flying out, going to his house and doing it in front of him. I want him to see what he's done to me. He broke me. 

I don't know if I'm asking for help. I don't know why I'm writing this.. I guess maybe because he won't listen to me.. So I have no one else. All I do know is that it's gonna happen in the next few weeks. Just like me to plan ahead.

