i can't fucking do another second of thisi've wanted to kill myself for so fucking long, i tried it several times, then i thought i was getting better but lmao no i wasn't. i'm just as bad as ever, i hate everything, my life isn't fucking going anywhere, and all i seem to do is make mistake after mistake. this is the same fucking rant everyone else has but lmao fuck dude i guess we all have shitty lives huh?? i feel terrible that i'm going to do it because i have friends who care but honestly i'm at the point where it's not really a barrier anymore. the last straw finally happened too! so that's awesome. i'm trans ftm, on t for two years but still dysphoric out of my mind because nothing has changed much. that's not even the worst of it though lol.

a few weeks ago i was drinking at a friends house, got blackout drunk because i was having a REALLY bad night, and i'm pretty sure someone fucked me lmao! definitely no condom or anything because even though i took plan b i think the fucking worst thing that could've happened has happened. there's symptoms of it, everything was sore and gross the morning after, i had bruises all over, and there's a few scattered memories of someone having sex with me. i know i didn't consent and even if i did, i wasn't even sober enough to stand up so i definitely wasn't in a state to. i got sexually assaulted when i was 14 so sex is both a traumatic reminder and super dysphoria inducing so i avoid it at all costs, i wouldn't have done that if i was in my right mind. i've had nonstop anxiety attacks over it for the last week, i haven't even had a period for a year plus but ahahahah apparently i'm the unluckiest fucker alive and that's why i should just fucking kill myself.

everything goes wrong i'm so sick of it i'm so sick of forcing myself to get through the motions. and now with this on top of it, i can't even think about it or put a name to it or i literally retch from dysphoria and have another panic attack. i skipped school to go cry in my car today, i can't fucking do this man. even just thinking about what's happening right now makes me want to go grab my knife or get one of my dad's guns. hell, there's plenty of lakes around here too, it wouldn't be hard lol. i've wanted an excuse to off myself for as long as i've known what suicide is and i can't take care of this by myself because i'm 17 and my state requires a parent to consent to it, if i tell one of them they'll be so fucking mad. they might let me get rid of it but they'll literally ruin my life afterwards if i tell them. i just don't know how the fuck it happened, i don't remember doing it or consenting to it, plus i shouldn't physically be able to do this. i've got a bmi of only 16, don't get periods, and have literally been on testosterone for 2 fucking years. there was no way. but apparently there was. i'm fucking miserable. having sex wasn't even my decision but now i'm the one stuck with the consequences. that's all. i just can't do it. my life has been nonstop traumatic events. i've got hella mental illnesses. i don't want to fucking deal with this anymore and i don't care enough about the future to give a damn about recovery. so i'm sorry to my friends and my sister because i know this will fucking break their hearts but i just can't fucking go through anything else so i have to end it here.