Whats wrong with my brain?, is this depression? i dont know i dont know why but one day i feel all happy and positive and normal but  the next, it just creeps on me without any warning , i cant even get  out of bed , i skip classes throughout the week, i cant even describe  the feeling but its unbearable i have to resort to alchohol or even  drugs just to get through this phase before things go back to normal ,  but then it always comes back without warning . I dont know if this is  clinical depression or what, but I have been feeling like this since I  was twelve, and now im 23. I never told anyone about this until  recently, it just keeps getting worse . i told my close friend ,and he  says i may have clinical depression, but i never seen a theraphist to  properly diagnose myself or told anyone about it, i cant even afford  therapy im just a student barely making ends meet. this "conditiion" is  terrible when it happens i cant do anything but lay in bed , cutting  myself , self loathing, getting intoxicated just to get through the  phase, its affecting my work , i have alot of assigments and other work  due, but cant get it done , just being distracted and lethargic ...  infact when i dont feel like this / this " depressed" state of mind"  i  cant even talk about it or open up to anyone, but when i do feel like  it, i have to get intoxicated or high just to even touch this subject...  this is the first time i've ever opened up to a stranger because, to  the few people ive told about my situation , it always ends with, to "  seek help" and i dont know how. i cant afford therapy or seek  professional help . i cant tell my family ,i am estranged from them. i  dont know what else to do i've only told 2 of my close friends, because  this is a touchy subject for me but i usually just live with it , but  its getting too bad.. to a point its affecting my circadian rhythms,  i.e. studies and  other daily tasks, im cutting more and more just out  of self loathing and hatred ... i apologize if my sentences are  incoherent.. being intoxicated is the only way i am able to open up like  this. if not i'd just keep it bottled up inside its driving me insane.  


i  keep a box full off my blood stains from cutting covered with tissue, i  dont know why i do this but its an involuntary action , i cant explain  it . i dont know what kind of help i should i get i just dont get it why  involuntarily do these things.  


i have a bad habbit to  involuntarily hate or loathe people and destroy relationships after a  certain period of time ... first it was my family members, like during  my childhood i was very close to them then i eventually became estranged  , and started to hate them or not be as close with them as i used to  for no reason , i dont know whats wrong with me . same thing goes with  friends, like at first we are very close and stuff but after a period of  time it just happens, the same thing with my family , i dont know why  after a period of time i involuntarily loathe people or even start to  hate them for no apparent reason, it happens to anyone i involve myself  with , even my past relationships with girls, i just cant return the  feeling of "love" or compassion, like they treat me good and love me and  all , and i just can't help it but to feel the same way, i try to but i  just cant i dont know why... its just a tendency to destroy  relationships , i dont know how to explain it...  


does anyone at all experience or know anyone who is experiencing the same thing?  


tldr;  
in a nutshell i feel like my experience is best explained simiarly to Bojack Horseman's, if anyone is familliar with it.  
and i dont know how to get better  
 