Desperate for helpThis is the third time I am pleading for help here. I received no reply for the first two times.

I am on the edge and I don't know why. I have no interest in anything. I keep thinking that everyone hates me. I feel that I owe everyone a favor by dying myself and thus making their lives better. I know that it is perhaps not true but the sane part of me is outshadowed by my insane part.

I had 7 attempts in the last couple of months and it has freaked out. The tiny rational part of my brain is striving to live . I want to live for my mother. But, I find no support from anywhere. My friends have all deserted me after they found that I was acting wierd and depressed. 

I had social anxiety right through my childhood, but the situation has become worse in the past couple of months. I don't even have the courage to go to my office now. I can't summon courage to talk to anyone. My only social contact is the visit to the supermarket, where I  avoid talking to anyone. I dont have courage to go to a psychologist for help too.

I live in a country far, far away from my mother. I can't disclose my condition to my family because they consider mental illness as taboo and suicidal feelings as selfish. I so desperately want to live for my mother as she is waiting for me to be a successful man career wise etc. But there is something else pulling me that makes me die.

Everyday, here is my daily routine : I wake up with elaborate plans for suicide, but at around noon, when the time comes, I forcefully make myself think about my mom and somehow survive. The afternoon is optimistic and I start getting normal again. in the evening I again get thoughts, and spend all night thinking about the next day's plan for suicide.

I am tired of this and want a way out. The rational part of me states that things are going to fine and I just need to wait. but the human mind can accept only so much torture. 

I have no friends, the ones who were deserted me after seeing my suicidal behavior. I have seen that Reddit is filled with kind souls. Would any one of you spare me a couple of minutes and help me out? I am begging you. If I survive this, I will be grateful to you through out my life.

I am 23.