i won't, but i mighti have been far more suicidal than i am now, but it just seems practical. and god help me when it gets worse lol. in my case it would be done out of cowardice, because yes i am scared, and no i do not want to constantly put in "the work." no shit. i'm not going to be motivated for the next few fucking decades. and people say "you have to push through." i can, and i appreciate the support, but i really do not have to. 

i hate being confined. the longer i have lived the more limited i have become. i'd be fine existing forever, but a time limit? not ideal.

i hate being self aware. i can't do anything without acknowledging every nuance or asking why. i always know exactly what i'm doing. i always check to make sure i know exactly what i'm doing. i know calories, i know i can control how i feel, i know what bad habits do for me, good and bad; i know about things to an extent that is not helpful. i don't even have to know things for certain! i know could be wrong, or i could be right, and from there it branches off into an infinite amount of possibilities. and what do i do with that? i know i know i know.

i know my life can be good, plenty of hope for that. that doesn't mean that i will be good. i'm not worried about my life, i am worried about me.

i cannot be influenced. i only do things that i want to do. which really just means that if i do something, it's genuinely what i want. all of the bad things i do, they are what i want to do. what i want changes moment to moment, but as soon as i have a want i seek to fulfill it. i understand it is impulsive and unstable, but i hate being in pain. want is just a form of pain.

i am young. i am not wise. how you approach life is a choice. when you go down a different path, what actually changes? essentially nothing. it doesn't change what is true. does it matter? no. it's just a confusing truth that you cannot do anything with. i'm not mad at life, i'm just trying to understand all of the things it is. so why would i kill myself? because i guess i have a want.