I just want certainty about my obsessions and worries, but I know I will never get that. Living on with that realization is unbearable.I just can't take it anymore. How can I move on without ever coming to know if my worries about the past and my thoughts are true or not. I just want certainty, but I know I will never get that. It's unbearable. I can't just "move on" from it, since there is always the doubt in the back of my head. At this point it has taken over my life. My therapist keeps telling me I need distraction, but whatever I do the thoughts, doubts, obsessions, remorse and guilt are on the foreground of my mind. I don't WANT distraction. I want certainty, which I'll never get. Even if I decide to assume the worst case scenario and move on with that in mind so I don't have to doubt whether I'm a bad person or not, my feelings have taken over my body and emotions, since I don't want to live my life knowing I did bad things. It's a no-win situation at this point and I take everyone around me with me. Everyday I wake up in disgust feeling physically ill while I slowly realize that I'm waking up in this reality.

The only thing that is keeping me alive right now are my loved ones: my parents, sister, family, friends since they would be devastated if I killed myself. But I'll never get better, knowing what I have done in the past. The thing I've done is either horrible or a stupid mistake, I've posted it before on reddit but the comments differ very much, so I'll never know. It's my own fault since I am responsible for my actions. So I'll just have to suffer through this, but I can't think anymore. I'm in university but I can't concentrate on anything else. So eventually there will be a point where I'll snap, drop out, can't find a job and will be institutionalized to live the rest of my life suffering, making my loved ones, especially my parents, feel horrible as well. Like I said, there's no win.

And what if the theory that the universe repeats itself is true? Reliving the first 20 years of my life over and over again will be fine, but reliving the suffering after that will be unbearable. I'd rather end it sooner than later then. But that also means my parents will relive my death and their pain after that over and over again. No win.