To my "students", lil cousins and kids I worked withWorking with you guys has been probably one of the best parts of my life. They say I am there for you guys, to keep you guys safe and happy and all, but you little turds helped me more than I helped you I bet. You made me feel like I was worth something, like I had a purpose. Sort of. I was shit at my job, but when I would be able to make you feel safe or happy, when I could manage to make you smile or laugh, I felt as if I had at least accomplished something.

You guys were not always a joy to be around to be honest, as you sure knew how to drive me crazy, and sometimes I bet you guys were intentionally trying to make me upset, but I still loved all of you like my little siblings. Maybe that's why I wasn't a good teacher. I didn't only view you as students, but like you were part of my family as well.

You guys will never read this I am sure. I pray that you don't. Actually, almost none of you can read, so no worries, eh? I am quite sure most of you have already forgotten about me since I got fired, and since I no longer want to work at the Church either.

I shouldn't have to rely on a bunch of little kids to feel as if I belong on this planet, but the truth is, you guys did make me feel so important, even though I truly believed  I was worthless. Maybe I am worthless, considering I keep getting fired from nearly every job I get, but oh well. I know at least I was able to make you guys happy sometimes and feel safe at times, so I suppose I was good at something every now and then.

None of you will remember me or know what I happened to me. And that's good.

I miss you guys, constantly. It sucked every time one of you moved away.

To my cousins, I miss you guys all time time, I really wish I could spend more time with y'all. You guys were always so fun to be around.

I don't know why I am writing this. I just am so sad because of so many things. This isn't really intended for anyone, not even my cousins or students, I am just sorta rambling now.

I want my friend back. I miss them so much. My friends meant the world to me like how my students did. But I have lost so many of them. What the fuck am I even saying anymore? What am I writing? I want to die. I hate myself. I have been writing and deleting things for about an hour I believe, this is probably a mess but fuck it, I am posting this mess. I want to die so bad.