Seriously consitering suicide.. Sad part is im not afraid of it, yet i dont to die..I have been diagnosed with ADHD, chronic depression, chronic Bipolar, and some level of anxiety when I was 8 years old. No meds to control any of it except my ADHD and am still not taking anything for the rest of what I have for 9 years to this day, I'm 17 now.. I have no motivation for school, I want to succeed and make my mom proud but to no avail.. I'm a senior in highschool by age, but a sophomore in highschool by my progress.. Ive been fighting this problem for 2 years now with my progress in highschool but I just can't get it down.. Its frustrating.. I really want to do good in school and catch up but I just can't as I have 0 motivation, my mom has done absolutely everything in ber power to try and make me succeed.
 I've been offered many cool things as a reward for finishing school related things and have agreed to work for it but I eventually give up on it.. School is not my only problem, home is another issue..everyone makes me mad, I like to stay in my room all day by myself, when family is home and im completely happy when i am in there and like to leave my room and work on my hobby when I'm home alone.. I could be really happy alone by myself in my bedroom, my 5 year old brother would open my door after he leaves school coming home and shouts "hey Jacob!" With an exciting tone wanting to tell me all about his day in kindergarten... I have no control over it but I would get extremely angry and would shout "rot in hell" or something terrible along those lines then would slam my door. immediately upon realizing what in had done I would just cry.. I would do this almost every day.. I may seem like an asshole.. But I've been told I'm a really nice person when in have good days, knowledgable. my mom wants me out of the house and moved in with my dad. I threatened to drop out of schooling that happened.. I don't know what to do, I miss the older me. I'm not afraid to end my life born do I care about others feelings on my passing... I don't want to die though..