Ready to Give UpHonestly, I don't believe I have been that much of a happy person, but over the last few months I've had an extremely hard time. I had my first relationship with a girl who i had been pursuing for 8 months last month and after about a week she started becoming extremely withdrawn. Eventually, she started making plans with me and blowing them off at the last minute to hang out with my roommates. We eventually broke up and now she is basically dating one of them. My situation is even more difficult because I'm at an internship 10+ hours away from home and have maybe one or two friends here who are nice but i don't know them well enough to talk to them.

 My history with girls has always been difficult. I have pursued two girls before this and each led me on for two years.They seemed to be interested in me but they never really were, and it was extremely painful to watch as they would pick piece of shit guys over me. It seems as if this is just going to be some continuous pattern where i try extremely hard to build a relationship with someone and they write me off when the next closest guy approaches them. 

I honestly have tried to make myself feel better but my efforts have been fruitless. My roommates continued to invite her over to our apartment for 2 weeks straight and they would just ignore my vomiting and crying that I was doing in my room. I have sought out a therapist but she frustrates me wanting to blame this on the fact that my parents would leave to go to their vacation home for 4 days a week and that I never had anyone around when i was over the age of 15.

I think about this situation constantly and it has completely consumed me. I relive every situation i have ever had with her trying to figure out what I have done wrong. Every girl loves to tell me that Im the nicest guy they've ever met but they then continue to lead me on and ultimately destroy me. I think about the 21 years I have lived so far and if I had to live them over again I would not. I honestly just want this to be over. I feel that if someone is to be happy they can't just go along with life learning to cope with problems, but eventually they must have something good happen to them. I feel like this will never happen for me. I'm extremely tired and ready to give up.

Thanks for reading. I'm trying to express the way I'm feeling and any comments, advice, and opinions will be extremely appreciated. Sorry for the terrible grammar, I'm not in a great state of mind.
