Venting instead of ending myself I suppose.Today I have woken up with a lot of suicidal urges. I am trying my best to distract myself and stay okay. I feel like everything is just getting too much. It is hard living with an eating disorder, as you all know. Right now its all I have for comfort and control in my life. Self isolation is debilitating for me....I am a recluse enough due to my health issues but now I have not much choice but to stay indoors and now I am regretting every time I took for granted being able to enjoy outside.

Every day is the same with this quarantine shit. I can't exercise because of my health issues but I force myself to dance around in my room because I am paranoid my TDEE has plummeted with being stuck indoors and that I will gain copious amounts of fat being stuck here. 

Living with my family is hard. They're controlling and hostile, dramatic and aggressive (well my mother) and its getting harder and harder to hide ED behaviours because they're so dominant in my mind. 

I feel like a failure for being mentally and physically unwell....I have a law degree but I am not a lawyer yet because I have not been well enough to work. I feel like nothing is going to improve, I will just be a hermit wasting away. I had potential but my mental and physical health have killed it. I don't have much motivation anymore, I am struggling to complete my legal training coursework as I feel so apathetic but I am still trying. I want to go back to university and do another degree like Bachelor of Arts (History) but where will I get the mental and physical energy for that? Recover? FUCK NO.

I haven't seen my boyfriend in almost a month because of this quarantine bullshit, I am scared I will lose him even though we've been together near 3 years and he treats me perfectly. I feel like a burden. I am sick of the mundane. I am sick of being sick and no, I don't want to recover....I miss alcohol. I've been sober since December 19, 2018 and yet this quarantine shit makes me want to drink because I am bored and sad and miserable and everyone else is posting about how much they drink on all social media and its getting harder not to give in.

My ED is all I really have. I fear gaining weight. I fear eating more, especially since in December I was diagnosed with Gastroparesis after an awful gastric obstruction that occured funnily enough from eating more than my body could handle so now I am petrified of eating over X, Y Z.

I want to self harm but my arms are so gecko-like (aka see through) that I could do some serious damage and I do NOT want to bring that kind of thing into the equation as I would end up in hospital for sure....

Idk what the point of all this is...just wanting to let it out because right now all I can think of is hanging myself with a bath robe tie. 