I’m too hopeless to live...Before I vent my ass off, I legitimately can’t wait for this year to be over. 6 more days! I know it’s nothing special because the switch to January 1 from December 31 is nothing more but a day change. Seriously though, it gives me an opportunity to make a new year better than what happened this year.

This year was by far my worst year. My senior year of high school ended abruptly so I had this super long break. Then later in august I started university which I wish I didn’t. I did absolutely horrible as I’m currently enduring Christmas break. It took me a long time to get used to things and exams were quite confusing.

Anyways, I’ve decided to drop out of university completely. I’ve already paid this first semester so I don’t plan on doing so for the next. Now I have absolutely no idea on what I wanted to do. I wish I learned earlier that I could go to community college instead or at least join the workforce. I feel like college isn’t something until the frontal cortex is fully developed. Or when we can make good decisions.

I don’t know what career would fit me. I’ve never had a job before. But I do enjoy reading, writing, and learning about healthcare and related sciences. I’m not a fan of math but it’s mainly because I have a hard time understanding it. Weird thing is that I used to enjoy reading and problem solving a lot but I feel like I’ve gotten lazier. Like I get distracted too easily. I have to have something to play with in my hands in order to do something or else I’ll get fidgety.

I think the big problem with me is I’m afraid of being touched. I don’t like anyone touching me anywhere, not even a simple high five or a handshake. Which this would be a problem in future job seeking. I’m not sure if it’s from some past trauma but I don’t like the feeling of another person’s skin on me. I don’t like people looking at me which I think they’re perverts if they do. This also makes me quite shy. Except when I’m online in an anonymous forum like this place. I sometimes get jealous or envious of others, and also defensive.

I’m hopeless aren’t I?