I was not suicidal.Me. 

I was not suicidal. I did not have a desire to die. I was just apathetic towards being alive. I did not feel a proper connection with anyone. I did not feel like anyone truly understood me. I personally was at fault for many of my failed relationships with other people. I thrived off energetic and close relationships. I needed other people, but I wanted to be needed. I thought I had reached out for help or reached out to fix things. I felt like I never received a proper reciprocal response from other people. I do not know whether I misinterpreted their actions or lack thereof, but understanding other people’s emotions and intentions when directed towards me is something I was never able to properly grasp. I was terrible at consistency: academically, emotionally, mentally, and socially. I possessed the level of maturity to know my faults, but also a level of immaturity to not care; or an inability to overcome the mental hurdle. I made lots of mistakes in my approach to situations and felt like I passed too many opportunities to properly fix my past and set myself up for a better future. I do not blame any person or group for how I felt. I blame myself. I was mentally unfit. I was sick. No one noticed. 



Others.

I had such little hope for society, or the world. Science, medicine, exploration, discovery, and human love all have unlimited depths and together make up the entirety of what is important, yet very few people cared. People are so focused on the pettiest aspects of their lives. Religion, politics, social media, general hatred and ignorance, are used in so many heart-breaking ways. Humans have such amazing potential, if people could work as one. Humans are approaching the Great Filter, and they will not pass through. The world was lonely enough without anyone reaching out to me, but watching people not reach out to each other was worse. Humans are amazing animals with the incredible intelligence that would have allowed them to extend influence across space, time, and truly the universe itself; they are just too simple minded to realize proper cooperation. Some do, but most are focused on how to divide and put down rather than unite and achieve. Throughout the past the small percentage of future focused individuals could make up for the short comings of everyone else, and their advancements and technology are truly impressive. The challenges coming may not all be soon, but preparation for them is, and people need to be preparing together. People do not achieve great things individually. Only with cooperation. They do not understand. 
