2/8/18, Rambles of honestyI feel like there is so much for me to feel at once and I cannot control all my feelings. I just want them to leave me. I get jealous of numb er people, but at the same after shoving my own feelings down, I guess I am numb too. I think I lost a part of my humanity, hopefully not all. I know I did have more empathy than this before. 

When I was younger, I always wanted to be kind. I wanted to make people happy. I still value it, if it happens, but whenever I try, I try too much, and I get taken advantage of. If I don't, I really don't, and can be a total ass. I feel terribly either way. I think I struggle with emotional boundaries, maybe. 

I don't really relate to other people like I used to, maybe I'm mentally ill or something, and not just anxiety and depression. I do want to be a kind person, but it all seems so fake. Why doesn't helping others make me happy anymore? Why did I forget how to cheer people up? I think depression is contagious. I gradually found my way through life with sad and sadder people. 

I barely count as a human being.

I don't think I deserve love, because when I do, people get hurt. They notice how dependant I get. They feel guilty that I'm just chronically depressed no matter how much they try to fix me. And I wish someone would fix me, somehow. But I leave them, to help them, to get rid of their burden on me. And then I hurt more. 

It's complicated. I like people. I just wish I felt a part of them, us. Why do I feel so disconnected?  I daydream a lot, too much, and I feel myself slipping into dissociation so much I can barely do anything. My life seems pointless. Why go on, feeling this? Remembering things I don't want to, pitying myself, getting angry at others...

People say you need a support system, but in order to build one, you need basic common sense, right? One that isn't washed away by all the negative thoughts in your head. One that... doesn't let you answer honestly when someone asks how you are doing and one that is just a bit more caring of how stupid you sound when you speak... a bit more aware. So I'm stuck.

Insurance doesn't cover my therapy, so I can't have that. I... don't think therapy would help me much on a lot of things I do struggle with.

It isn't just myself, it's other people. And just the world. I have a lot of philsophical anxiety, I guess. I worry a lot and overanalyze everything, like my thoughts. I have a lot of bad thoughts, and sometimes I forget to worry about them, so I hate myself even more for not caring. I just switch it on and off without knowing how. I want to kill people sometimes, but I also really value forgiveness and kindness. How can I tell a therapist I want to kill people? Especially when I want to seem like a normal person? I'm so confused. I'm so confused about everything.

It feels like everything nice I do is just fake. I'm just a liar, I'm not real. But I don't know what the real me is like, it's probably the really sensitive, pathetic feelings, right? 

Because good people don't think that way. Good people have happier thoughts. At least, they would get bothered by them. I don't want to think this is how I am. Why am I so sensitive to people? Why do I want a peaceful world, but fantasize about destroying it? And sometimes people say it's normal, it's just thoughts, but I put a lot of thought into my thoughts. It's like a curiosity, but I don't want to ruin my life over it. I don't think it'd be worth it. But. I don't know. It fasinates me... And I shouldn't, I shouldn't want to.

So I want to kill myself, for the better of people. I do believe in love, but I think I'm a part of the problem. I have so much hate in me. I do not know how to forgive. I've even joked in the past why don't people just kill themselves instead of other people. I think I agree with myself now. Even, strangly, I just want to maybe keep that one person who would do anything for me, and know I can count on them, but something seems so wrong in basically enslaving a loved one right, to just stop their free will. That is fucked up shit, yeah. That is not how relationships work.

I really want a better world. Where everything is just... wonderful as it can be. Without me. Being all... sad... and making everyone else sad... And being a burden to feed and house, or talk to. Because people are interesting and I think they can do great things when they have the opprotunity. I don't think I could contribute much to this world. I'm not good at anything, and these human emotions are too strong for me. I wish everyone else... calmer days. x

Not sure what I will get from posting this, but I wanted to get my words out somewhere, and I felt lonely, I hope I was fine to be here. Sorry for being selfish.

This is truly the definition of a world salad...