I was diagnosed with several mental health disorders when I was 12, many of which are degenerative. I probably won’t make it to 50 and every day is questionable. Now I don’t even know if I can make it another five years, or even five months.It’s frightening watching everything deteriorate so fast. It always felt like I had more time than I did. My memory is going so quick, I can’t eat or sleep. I can’t wake up, and I can’t even pull it together to talk to people anymore. I used to be able to pretend everything was fine but after nearly 30 years the cracks are really starting to show. I have to keep cancelling plans and leaving people abruptly. I used to only have breakdowns once in a while, and then once a month, and now it’s several times per day and the amount of time I’m actually okay is becoming rare. I can’t tell people anything for obvious reasons so many people don’t like me or think I’m weird. 

I’m unable to do so many things. I just want peace. I’ve struggled to accept this for several years and kept ignoring it and I can’t ignore it anymore. I have so much less time than I thought and the time I have is running out so fast. 

I’m so detached from everyone and everything. No one knows anything about me at all. Most people have at least one or two people or a family or something but I have absolutely nothing at all. There is not a single person who has been in my life longer than two years, and the people I know now have only known me for a few months. I’ve always switched locations to get away from people. I never stay in one place too long because the more people know me the more they’ll catch on that things are not what they seem with me. 

I want to leave something behind but I’m afraid I don’t have anything. I’m trying so hard to use my remaining time to leave behind something despite all of this. I’m working to clear debt. I’d like to leave behind some cash. There really isn’t anyone to leave it behind. I haven’t built up much of a legacy of any kind. 