Deciding to stay.Made a post the other day.

Some typical responses that weren’t helpful, but one guy sent me a message and just listened to me and it really, really helped. I mean, he didn’t give hardly any advice but it just mattered to me that somebody listened.

I’ve decided to stay. One of my friends helped pay my power bill so that’s just one less weight that was making me dip into suicidality. Now that I have another week before bills are due, maybe just maybe I can pull something together.

Unfortunately after I did that, I asked in a few other subreddits for advice. They looked in my history and saw the suicide post, and how I was now asking how to live, and all got VERY harsh and started accusing me of being a scammer. At first it made me belligerently angry and I cursed them but then I realized, this is Reddit. It’s strangers. They have to assume the worst because my kids’ welfare is at stake. So I apologized to everyone and I’m committing internally to never baring my soul on a public forum again. 

I suggest all of you do the same. People will take every last thing you say and twist it into the most scammy possible scenario and absolutely vilify you. It’s better to have hard and long conversations with a few close people you love. 

Today or tomorrow I’m going to meet with the pastor at my local church. Going to ask him to look at all of the factors in my life and counsel me about a plan for the future and hold me accountable.

There’s a chance I can pull this together. Honestly, when I tried to make a video saying goodbye to my oldest daughter something clicked in me and I knew that it was only a matter of time before I wouldn’t want to kill myself. There’s no weight of pain, guilt, or poverty that is stronger than my desire for her good. Not that my other children matter less, but she’s older and has a more complete personality and I can just see in my mind’s eye how it would absolutely devastate her for daddy to die.

Anyways.. this post doesn’t serve to say “it gets better” in regards to life. It’s to say “it gets better” in regards to your resolve. Well, it may. It’s worth not making the decision to wait until a time that you would decide otherwise, if that makes any sense. 

Wait for the best version of yourself to make the most important decision in your life.