I'm tired of sufferingEvery fucking day is a constant battle. I wake up feeling sick or in pain everyday, I struggle with my crippling anxiety issues (avoidant PD, GAD, Paranoia) every waking moment unless I'm drunk, and even then a small amount tried to stick around. I never know what to eat because nothing appeals to me and I honestly just hate food and eating, if starving to death wasn't so awful I probably already would have by now. It's honestly seriously fucking awful to struggle with something as basic as eating because you need it to survive. I'm getting more into my addictions as time goes on and I don't have the strength or skills needed to be able to cope without substances. I was abused all my life until I was able to move away, and I was in a car accident when I was a baby, so both have left me fucked up. I'm incredibly lonely because of my anxiety and also extra depressed because of it as well. Everyone I've ever been with romantically or sexually left me, I feel unlovable and honestly all I really want is a partner who loves me. And honestly everytime I get hurt or am in pain, I apologize to life or something (not a god) and think that I must have done something to deserve this, maybe in a past life or when I was really young.

I was extremely suicidal in my past, largely because of my abusers and I ended up in a psych ward because of it. I've posted here many times on an old account and I had honestly thought since I moved away my suicidal tendencies would stay away, they did for about 6-9 months actually, but now they are back. I'm just so tired of this constant pain and suffering. We all end up dying eventually so why should I have to suffer for 40-80 years just to end up dying anyways. I don't really see myself getting old anyways, if I'm this fucked now when I'm still young, who knows how bad my mental health will be when I'm old. I feel like I'm meant to kill myself, like that's how life wants me to go.

Also to add; I'm seeing counsellors and such occasionally, but they seem to be really busy and slow so I'm not getting enough treatment. I'm also on my 5th medication (Zoloft) and I'm losing more hope I'll ever find something because the only things that seem to help are addictive and get tolerance quickly. I've seen multiple other counsellors in the past, one of them for 3 years, then he gave up on me.

Last night I was drunk and I had serious thoughts of buying strong stuff to overdose on. I also considered buying a gun but they are kinda difficult to get where I live.

Sorry for the wall of text, I don't really expect anyone to read it all, but if you did, thank you. And I hope a throwaway account is okay, because of anxiety and stuff.

I don't want to end my life, I just want to end my suffering and pain.