I would never do this, but I really wish I could.I am in my early twenties. By my best estimation, I have been quietly suicidal for about a decade now. It's more or less incontrovertible fact: I don't enjoy life, and nobody wants me around, so there is no real reason for me to be alive. It would be better for everyone - the only moral, unselfish thing, if you want to take it that far - for me not to be. Nothing has come of this, and I've never tried anything, but I literally cannot remember a time when I was not suicidal; that is a state of mind that more or less does not exist for me. I've never told anybody this. You can't, really, not if you prefer your life unruined. I've convinced, so far, my parents not to disown me, my university not to expel me, my roommate not to kick me out and a psychiatric ward not to commit me by saying I've never had thoughts of this: four times I've effectively saved my life by lying. 

The past year has been incredibly hard for me; everything I had has been taken away from me, one after one. "At least I have my partner." My partner broke up with me, and I haven't found anyone who wants to date me since. "At least I still have my job." I was laid off months ago, and I can't even get a job interview, despite having qualifications. "At least I still have my friends." I lost them all, more or less, or maybe they never really were my friends, but at any rate I don't have them anymore. "At least I still have my savings." Those are all gone now. "At least I still have my health." I'll find out in about a week whether I have cancer, which is a possibility. Next on this list, I suppose, is my family; at least one member's in poor health, another facing financial problems, so it's plausible at least. After that, I don't know what's even left.

Things have gotten worse lately. In the past week I've been taken to a psych ward for an evaluation after having a panic attack in public; gotten too drunk while going out with acquaintances I barely knew and yelled at them the entire way home, torching those friendships probably; seen three separate therapists; put off two assignments for graduate school due yesterday - which is something I'm doing right now even; the work is open in another window and I have to do it, have promised people I would get the work done yesterday, but I can't bring myself to for more than 30 seconds. At any given point I am either too lazy or too much in tears to. I am watching my life fall apart, and all I can do is watch.

Like the title said, I don't have any plan and I would never do anything concrete. I haven't for a decade; I'm too scared to. What nobody ever seems to take into consideration is that it might not work, and then your life is likely ruined even more: even if you don't manage to knock out half your life functions, you're facing lengthy hospitalization, a disrupted life, medical bills insurance won't cover and lifelong stigma; suicide attempts have never *improved* anyone's reputation, particularly if the person was unpopular in the first place. (Look at the Steubenville case. Someone can literally get gang-raped and receive death threats for it, even after a guilty conviction, because she wasn't liked by her classmates.) Even if it worked, it'd destroy my reputation; this sort of thing usually does unless you're on the level of Kurt Cobain or whomever, which I am not.

As I said, I don't have a plan and I don't even know what I'm trying to get out of this. The worst part is knowing that I can't tell anybody and that it won't get better. 