I think I’m actually going to kill myselfI just got the worst email of my entire life. 

For context: I started my college education in September of 2018. I did nothing. Due to my depression and anxiety problem that I kept ignoring and never really acknowledged. My grades were shit, I had 0 friends or anyone I ever really talked to, I think I went to class a total of 10 times in those 2 semesters. Come summer 2018, things change, they start to get better. I dropped out of that college to take some time off. In January of this year (2019) I re-enrolled at a new college to get a fresh start. Then it happened again. I was fine for maybe the first few weeks and then I slipped back into a deep hole I could never climb out of. I again started to miss all my classes and never did any work. In March, I decided enough was enough. I sat down with my parents, who were surprisingly supportive, and told them that it was happening again, I wasn’t doing as good as I had told them and I was failing every class. I went to see a family doctor and he diagnosed me with having an Anxiety Disorder. After that I tried again, I really started to work hard and it attention in class. Today I found out that was all for nothing. I was taking 4 classes and I failed 3 of them. The one I did pass was with a 50%. I thought “whatever, I’ll be placed on academic warning, I’ve realized what’s wrong and this is my chance to finally make things right”, i reenrolled in those classes that I failed, I actually moved out of my house to a house closer to the college as I was commuting everyday to school, and I was all set and ready to go. I was mentally in a much better place than I had ever been in. I was supposed to be enrolled in school this summer and have a full semester until now. I just received an email stating that due to my grades from last semester, I have been withdrawn from my program and will not be able to attend this college until January of 2020. 

I don’t know what to do. I finally felt good about school and was actually looking forward to going to my classes and getting my work done. I was exited to finally start making some friends, live on my own, have a proper college experience and now I can’t. All do my work, everything I have done since March has all been shattered. I feel so empty. When I first read it I thought I was going to cry but I didn’t, I didn’t even have a panic attack which is something I’ve been dealing with almost daily since September of 2017. I don’t know what to do. My mom is back home, an hour away from where I live. I can’t call her because I don’t want to stress her out and freak her out that once again, even though I tried, I failed and and being kicked out. My dad is half way across the world at his home country and I can’t call him either. I’ve let my parents down so much. I come from a family of immigrants. My father gave up so much just so that his sons could have a proper education and here I am. Failing once again. There’s no point in living now. I can’t see anything going forward. Everything is just blank. I feel so empty. I think I’m going to kill myself


TLDR: after failing and dropping out of college once, I enrolled in a new college and moved out of home, I was doing bad in the beginning but then I started to do good. Unfortunately I started to late. I’ve been kicked out of my college and my dream program. I can’t reenrol until January of next year