Sick of School, Sick of Society, Sick of LifeTo preface, my name, El-Quixote is a reference to my favorite fictional character, Don Quixote, from the book Don Quixote. A brief description of Don Quixote: Long past the days of knights and kings, a middle aged, wealthy man whom little is known about decides to become like the knights of his favorite books by, literally, becoming a knight. Going a on a number of adventures that he deems knightly, he tries to fix the world around him and is very idealistic. However, no one really agrees with him and most assume he is insane. 

I feel very much like Don Quixote, although I've given up on my cultural crusade.

First of all, I apologize if my words come off strange. I'm not a talker, outloud or otherwise. 

Starting with school, I am so sick of it. I'm a pretty smart guy. I'm always on honor roll, never get in trouble, know my way around standardized tests, etc. But, as I enter my senior year and reflect on my junior year, I realize that I hate school. 

The first issue: class speed. Even my AP classses move so freaking slow. We talk about subjects I absorbed a long time ago, and seem to repeat them way too much. But at least in AP it isn't too bad. In classes where there are no CP/Honors version (almost all, I live in a small, poor district so there aren't many classes available), it is mind numbingly slow. At the end of first year Spanish, we still reviewed how to conjugate ser right during the last week of school. It's not just because some of them are slow learners, some of them don't care. Additionally, we always hear how everyone needs their own learning style, but we do everything in class with the new age emersion style. I find myself learning much better with old school grammar and vocab studying, but I still find myself forced to sing or whatever asinine activity we have to do in Spanish because it is what the class is doing. I do not find it helpful, yet I still must limit myself to what style the teacher uses. Also, the teacher doesn't move on till the last student knows it (and then forgets it tomorrow). I'm so sick of being held back by slower learners. 

We also had to watch a documentary that was quiet literally about why libertarianism is evil in English 12CP (I took it a year early). I'm not even a libertarian, but I don't much appreciate political propoganda in my required public learning (or indoctrination in this particular case). I complained about it, but he said it was supplemental material for the book we read (1984 by Orwell).

I also dislike how people at my school act. Everyone is just so apathetic and casual about everything. "I don't like politics." "I'm Christian... No, I haven't read The Bible." "I hate school." Etc I can't find any likeminded people in my corn field school. 400 total students and not one that I have found that is much like me. I can't stand being around all the idiots.

This leads me to feeling like I don't belong anywhere. Kids at church go because they have to, and they don't even act Christian. They have premarital sex, curse frequently, etc.

I play sports, but I'm not too good. I don't start and I don't get too onto it. It's more so for just something to do. Other kids at our school Geek club love Magic: The Gathering, while I prefer D&amp;D, a little bit of Anime, and MLP. I don't like Magic at all.

I can't even fit in at subreddits. I'm not like the other GOPers, MLP is way too into background ponies, fan created content, etc, the anime stuff is also too extreme (I only like a couple dubbed ones [Case Closed]), books is too into YA (I onlh read classics), sports is more about professional stuff, etc I could go on, but I think I've made my point.

I don't want to go to college. I hear about how awful professors can be. I also don't like the culture of colleges. It seems far too liberal for me and I also dislike the idea of speech codes. I also don't want to enter the work force. I wish I could just spend my whole life learning about all sorts of things, but that's not how the real world works.

I really don't want to grow up. Getting older is by far the most depressing part of my life. Every option for adulthood seems like a losing option. Additionally, I'm a little backwards socially. I feel like I'll die alone. That's another issue, but I suppose I just wanted to mention it.

On to society, I hate how unethical and inmoral America has become. Premarital sex and teen sex is no longer the exception; it's the rule. People treat everything like it's just something causal and it disgusts me. The entire world disgusts me. I wish I could push a button that would destroy the world so we could start over and try again. Other things disgust me too (abortion for example) but I won't waste time enumerating them.

All of this, and my extremely boring life just has me wanting to kill myself. It's got to the point where the suffering and anger I feel everyday can't be much better than Hell, so I might as well pack up now. I could do it any day I want. It'd take two minuets to lock and load and then it'd be over. I tried talking to a therapist. He didn't help. He made me angrier. I hate talking to people about my feelings. I don't want to tell anyone.