Just listen please.I guess I'll start from the beginning if anyone even cares to read this. I don't care if you comment, reach out, anything. Just read it so I can feel like I'm being heard or something.

I'm eighteen years old and I'm absolutely miserable and depressed with how my life has turned out. My parents divorced at a young age and I hardly see my dad anymore, even know I think he's the most badass person in the world. I would do anything to be more like him. I've been bullied since elementary school. I've been called named and beat up pretty much every day for as long as I can remember. I've always been overweight growing up, and it did nothing for me except cause me pain. I had a way shorter temper back then, so I must of been a very easy target. I've had my front teeth knocked out by a kick to the face in middle school, luckily they weren't my adult teeth but it did fuck up those teeth as they started to grow outward. Starting in about 6th or 7th grade, I started getting really sad about everything. I just didn't feel like doing anything since it didn't really seem worth it. 


Around that time is when I started picking out my own clothes to wear, and I grew my hair out longer than it used to be. I picked a lot of blacks and browns to wear to school, and I started wearing black jeans. I wouldn't classify myself as emo, but it was around that at the time. I was just perpetually sad every day. Around the laft half of middle school (7th-8th), I met a girl in an online game that I had been playing at the time. We started talking every day and she was the same was as me, and we just hit it off. During this time, I can honestly say that I was happier than I've ever been since my depression set in. Of course after about a year, she decided it would be best if we broke up. This came out of the blue and it destroyed me. That was the first time I had ever thought about actually killing myself, I tried jumping out my second story window. I would hope to land on my head or maybe my legs so it would cripple me. I ended up not doing this. I found out she started dating someone way older than her, and experienced her first kiss with him after she had promised to wait it out for me. I must be really selfish.

Fast forward to high school. Freshman year. I started to feel a little bit better after getting over that girl and I had actually started to make friends. Thinking about it now, I still can't believe I had actually made friends. I'm such a huge passive jackass, I just can't believe it. I actually ended up meeting another girl online, except this one didn't last as long but it seemed to have way more damaging affects on me. I was staying at my grandmothers lake house during the time she decided to just stop all communication with me all together, no message, nothing. I thought about drowning myself in the lake during the night. 

After this I've tried hanging myself with a belt a few times, and just constantly thinking about doing it overand over again.

Around this time is when I start cutting myself, 10-11th grade. I start cutting on my hands, arms, and neck. I would constantly steal my moms shaving razors and rip the blades out of them. My fingertips would be all kids of fucked up by the time I would get them out. I just loved watching the blood drip from the cuts, and it would taste like metal. I didn't wanna wipe it on a towel or some tissues because I didn't want anyone finding them. I would sometimes let it dry so I could just pick the blood flakes off. I kept this up for a while. My music tastes changed to more hardcore metal and screaming because it turned everyone around me off. I just hated talking to anyone at school. I would sit alone in classes, or at lunch and just keep to myself. The bullying was a lot less frequent, but I just couldn't find myself talking to anyone.


During this time I've stayed in the same school all my life, so I switched out to a new school for a new experience. That lasted about one semester before I was back at my old school and still depressed as ever. 


Skip ahead to now. I'm in a semi-relationship with this girl I really like, except of course she has to be so far away. We always talk about seeing each-other and such, and I can't wait to see that day when it comes. I promised her I wouldn't cut myself anymore when we got together over a year ago, and I haven't. My arms have healed and they're as smooth as ever. But lately things between us have just gotten so rocky for some reason and it does nothing but depress me.  It's not really her, it's probably me. I just hate thinking about her going out, with her living in a big city, I'm worried something might happen. I've tried breaking up with her numerous times, but I just can't do it, I'm in love with her too much.


I've dropped out of school. My dad doesn't know that I have, I just don't have the heart to tell him that his only son is a failure. My divorced mother and father have both had separate children of their own. They had kids at the same time when I was 16. I've been an only child all my life and now it's completely ruined everything. My mom and I move houses every 10months - 1 year. We're currently living with my aunt because we can't afford to live in a real house. Mixed with me dropping out of school, I've been living in a 20ftx20ft room for the past two months. I've lost all my friends, the ones I had anyway. I have no life, no social life. No home. I spent all day either sleeping in my bed or sitting on a chair browsing reddit and talking to this girl. She's really the only social contact I get other than the begging my mother for lunch. I just don't want to upset my girl(friend?) by telling her all this, I don't wanna sound like such a fucking loser. I also just spend my time listening to new music I find (Chillwave, Witch House, Ambient). I've stopped listening to hardcore bullshit, I hated the scene.


Sorry for typing that all out and skipping around a lot. I just feel lost and alone. I just feel like crying now that I think about it. I just want some friends. I'm sure there's more to this story, but I really don't feel like typing anymore of my bullshit life on the internet.


Fuck.


