Long story short, my therapist suckedI remember this one therapist that was really bad at her job. She made me feel like shit because of what I felt and thought. A year ago, I was 100% positive there was somebody in my house. I heard noises in the middle of the night, things disappeared, I heard doors closing and opening. I know this sounds like a poltergeist, but I was certain it was someone trying to mess with me. I told my therapist about this and she basically made fun of me for thinking this. She told me that I would probably get eaten by a shark before I got murdered in my house. She was 1,000% certain there was nobody in my house. A week later she kicked me out of her office, saying she "Didn't think she was helping me". So I was stuck getting panic attacks and staying up all night. My feelings started mixing together, I got scared and thought that I was going to get murdered, but then I thought that I had no reason to live anyways. I kept thinking I should kill myself just so I don't have to deal with it anymore, I had nothing else to live for anyways. I remember searching up "I think there's someone in my house" on google and 100 results popped up. I read peoples stories about how they put up security cameras and had an escape plan if there ever was an axe murder in their house. I guess that lit a fire in me because after that I made an escape plan, took self defense lessons, bought security cameras and put a knife under my pillow. I can't help but think that if my therapist just didn't make me feel stupid I could have accomplished this sooner. Instead of insisting there was no one in my house, she could have asked what would I do if there was a person in my house, help me make an escape plan and then given me ways to cope with my anxiety. I developed trichotillomania and started cutting myself to help with my anxiety, but in return I hurt myself and my relationships. I also lost trust in people, I couldn't tell anyone what was going on because I thought they were going to act the same way my therapist did. It took me a whole year to stop thinking this way, and now I don't get as many panic attacks. 

Anyways, thanks for reading this. I just needed to vent.