Best laid plans...I am sitting here numb at 2am, with work in just a few hours. I took almost the whole week off for Tgiving, but I did nothing. The last few days I have been so numb and anxious, I haven't been able to sleep, eat, or do anything. 
I am not afraid I will kill myself, but I just feel so empty. I want the feeling to go away. I literally have no one to talk to anymore, all friends and connections are gone. It is amazing how life works out.

I have tried for months to make some new connections, it is not much of an option at work, as I work with a few doctors that have been doctors since the 70s aka before I was born, and then most of the work is with animals, so they don't really talk back.

I have tried going out, to the bars and just out and around. I also tried meeting people on stuff like Reddit (almost 9 months, and all the really really nice people that were nothing but nice, ghosted just like everyone else) 
I had a gf, and it made things ok, but just trying talk to her about such things basically made her freak out and push me away, and I think we are done for good...oh ya, that was Thursday. 
My former best friend, when I mentioned being suicidal to him once a few years ago, his response was "good luck with that" and it was never really the same again. 
It feels so hopeless, why is it so hard to meet new people? 7 billion people, why is anyone lonely?

In the past, my biggest problem is that I have been too nice, and have been used and taken advantage of. It really sucks when you think someone is the one, change your whole life for someone, move across country, give up seven years, only to find out the whole time you were part of some huge elaborate lie for most of it. Not that it wasn't real, but to be used by the person you care about most is hard. 

I guess I am different and maybe a little weird, and sometimes it turns people off at first. But for my whole life I have had people tell me that once they got to know me I was nothing like they expected. It makes it hard to meet new people, I think. And on Reddit everyone is so judgemental, they read 3 words and decide you are not good enough for them...then make posts on 3 accounts a day saying that they have already talked to everyone here. It is so foolish. 

I am passionate about a ton of things, patient, kind, intelligent, no one has ever called me ugly...I am probably the funniest person I know, I love animals, I am loyal and basically 100% reliable when it comes to keeping my word...I have been self reliant and on my own since 18. I am far from perfect, but how is it that the year is almost over and I can still be so. fucking. alone. 
Isolation is ok for a while, but I don't care who you are--it wears on you. 
You can only fake it for so long, only so many movies, books, songs, video games, etc...and besides...what is the point of any of it it? What is the point of anything beautiful or funny or amazing if you can't find anyone to share it with? 

I guess it is a bonus when you have no siblings or friends or really family, no one will even notice if you do kill yourself. But I don't want to die, I want to live. I just want to be happy. I want the pain to go away, but I have no idea how to even start. I am 33, and I have so much ahead of me and I understand that I don't know what tomorrow brings, but I feel I am just going to be alone forever. And then I will be bitter and angry at myself, because everything told me I would be alone forever, but something stupid called hope gave me this dumb idea that maybe I should go on living because something may change. How long do I wait? For 5 years or so, I have told myself....1 more year, on my birthday Ill do it if I am still unhappy. Well that day is coming up (lucky enough to have an xmas birthday) and I am dreading it, and hating life so much. I have been good all year, I haven't tried to hurt myself in years, and I have worked all year without any breakdowns but I am afraid that now its coming. In the past I always had someone to talk to, what do I do now? I have nobody. No one. If anyone cared, that wouldn't be true. 
I had a few good friends, one who helped so much, she was so supportive...but then one day her boyfriend got jealous she was spending time and attention on me, and he said I was manipulative and all this stuff and to never talk to her again...and I haven't, and it sucks. I guess it all really doesn't matter. People are strange, when you're a stranger. What do you have to do to make some connections with people today? I suck at social media, and I am old fashioned...I think I would have had better luck a few 100 years ago, you know if I didn't die crossing a river, or to a snake bite, or the other million ways to die when life was The Oregon Trail simulator. I would be happy to chat with anyone, but for some reason with the deeper stuff,  I don't really feel comfortable talking about this kind of stuff with a male, if it makes a difference. I am good at taking criticism, maybe someone could even help me figure out what/if I am doing something wrong or obvious. But again, that is something you need to know someone to judge.  NO PRETENSE. 
Somebody save me? 