There is no pointWhat is the point to life anymore. There is no one to trust because they will always betray you in the end. No one can really care about you because inside they will move on at some point. I am boring there is nothing special about me I have mediocre grades mediocre looks and nothing overall special why do I wanna live out my life to be nothing and just a stepping stool for others to help them I know I will never get far. I have had dreams but why chase them when they are out of the ordinary and not very practical. I know what I wanna be but why even try if I know there are better people out there with more talent than me. I have no one I trust and I believe inside I can’t be trusted either. This world is cruel and has nothing to give back once they take something. I have no where to go in life but I have no where to stay either I just wanna wake up one day to a world where I can trust that people like me and I’m not an annoyance and that I’m not here just standing still like I’m a background character in a movie. I’m no one special and I know that but at least I deserve to be happy. I wanna just be positive or at least have a personality that isn’t me I never wanted to be the person who is thought of as loud and unapproachable I just wanted to be someone in school that isn’t left out and a backup option. There is no one to trust people don’t consider you a “friend” they are all just acting because they are nice. I don’t wanna be left out I never chose to be this way  have tried to change who I am but it never stays that way because I don’t have a reason to. I just wanna have something a regular motive that I can stick with that keeps me alive. I wanna be ok I wanna be someone but I’m just here moving along but I know I will never be someone so why even try there is no reason to continue on if I will just be someone who works a normal job that I don’t find fulfilling and just continue to be someone who is a background character in this cruel ass world. If there is no point I’ll just leave