I have never wanted to continue. 22 f, my tl;dr story.So it all started with when I was little. My dad had been abusing me since I was 7 years old. Verbally, physically, emotional and even sexually. I went through deep depression from 12years onwards, struggling with variations of self harm; cutting, burning, I even developed trichotillomania, anxiety disorder and alot of trust issues.
Fast forward with all this crap to 17 years old, where I met a guy off the internet and ran away to be with him. Fast forward another two months and he began physically abusing me. I let it slide too many times to count. After a while, I ran away to another guy I met off the internet. He was nice, but he was too far into the churchy side of things and I was told I had demons in me, so I ran back to the abusive guy. Fast forward with the same abuse and we buy a house together in 2010. Things are still bad, and I kept making stupid mistakes. I tried to reach out to my brothers friend, and he ended up text messaging me one day after my boyfriend hit me, saying he'd 'kill him', boyfriend found out and kicked me out of the house. I had nowhere to go but back to my dads, where that abuse started back up. I ended up getting with a guy from my work 3 months later, and he was lovely. Old boyfriend found out, said sorry and that he'd change, so I was stupid enough to go back.
Fast forward one and a half years, and I'm sitting on his parents couch, still in the abusive relationship, with no friends (because he made me get rid of them), still with same depression, still trying to self harm and stuck in a job I don't want but I have to stay at because he quit his job. My family won't speak to me, and haven't since 2009, and I have no one to turn to at all. I'm stuck in this terrible situation, with no way around it and no one to talk to.

This is my last option. I hate my life, I've hated it since I was a little kid. I have no future, I have no hopes, dreams or goals. I have emotional and physical issues. I have no one. And I am no one.

I don't know what to do anymore. :(