I hope this can help someone with dark thoughts in their mind. Alright mods, please delete this is it is inappropriate. I had a Redditor contact me personally after a post i made helping him / her and being a "nice guy". I really feel i helped this person, but depression being what it is, the pain is still hurting them, i really want to help people. I know now having gone through it all i'm quitting my day job and i want to make a difference. So here it is. This is the long ramble i send to the guy / girl to help them out a bit. Hope even one person here finds it useful.

Hi,
I hope this message finds you safe, the first and most important thing i can offer is that i stand by all of what i said in my first post, the second thing is that there has to be something that will help, a professional, there has to be professionals that can help, I'm just one guy that can share experiences and hope something sticks.
Never the less, i'll speak of all that you have written, and try the best i can because like all humans out there i truly respect you, i truly feel exactly what you are feeling and i mean that, imagine if every humans pain was concentrated into one single human being, could you imagine the form that person would take? If person could hold the pain of everyone? Would they sit in the corner physically immobile in a quivering mess, the lamp on the desk the only thing illuminating them? At least in that vivid image, there is light. There is surely light everywhere, next time it is cloudy, look at the clouds for where the light breaks though. There is always light, just don't make it the light at the end of the tunnel that you follow, You have a mum, i'm assuming your dad is alive. Friends can exist.
It's a crazy old world, when i was at my worst , i reached out to nothing short of 100 people and i'm not joking, ONLY 1 PERSON gave me any hope, and you know what they said....
"You've got this...you will do what is right"
It hurts me to this day that it felt like everyone else would offer judgement and not positive reinforcement.
I think that, having been so depressed that i scarred my wrists, i will always harbour sadness, i want and demand so much out of people because as a survivor, i want people to know what it feels like, i want people to understand the stress of having a compassionate mind, where people sit on Facebook and click like on their Gucci hand bags they like, i'm sitting there telling them the stories of the guy who lay in a hospital bed watching a 9 year old die from leukaemia. Guess who gets more likes on their posts. The ones with the pretty picture of a hand bag. It's a fucking morbid world. But don't make it something you don't want to be a part of. You chose to do what ever you do, you have choice. Depression, sadness, madness, is something where the world burdens you, but you can say "fuck off, i got this". They are the words i will have tattooed to my wrists to cover up the scars.
Each incident, the one with your mum and the friend, you need to write off, if you need to ostracise someone from your life, do it, i did it only today to a friend that i was getting nothing from. A girl who i was so close to mentally, we have known each other forever, she got a boyfriend and decided seeing her mates was based on gender lines but it was ok because we chatted on facebook. I coined a new term - 5X5 Friends. Where the friend is in that 5Cm x 5Cm chat window on facebook and no more. I don't care i lost nothing but she's hurting selfishly, saying how horrible it is i'd cut her off for ME being angry at her and her not trying to help the situation. - It happens to the happiest of us, relationships, friendships come and go
When i was with my ex of 8 years, my friend who lived thousands of km's away broke up with his gf i'd only met once, i offered them both respite, she came to my home town to escape and told me everything bad he had done. We became close, and i nearly cheated on my now ex, but i didn't, because i loved her. She went overseas on a discovery of herself, when she got off the plane she called me and i missed the call, i called her back and she told me what was going through her head - i couldn't give her what she wanted. she went back to her ex, who i'm sure continues to abuse and hit her to this day. I lost her, I lost him, and ultimately, when my now ex really knew what went on (i didn't cheat), she left me because of it. All i did was invite a person in to my home who was going through a really dark time, someone that had been raped and abused - i never crossed any boundaries, and i lost them all, up until the start of this year, i was in their faces trying to win them back, best thing to ever happen to me was walking away from them. Remember the black clouds and silver linings analogy above? now more than ever that is true, sometimes, things happen for the best. You know what, she blocked me, he didn't and he hates me, I'm contemplating a trip up to QLD to talk to him and settle the score. Maybe one day things will turn out the way they should - FOR ME - where i was doing the right thing - or at least thought i did, i lost everything. And it hurts.
In terms of motivational insight, i IMPLORE you to go and listen to anything from a guy called Shane Koyczan, especially "The Crickets have arthritis", the guy is a poetic genius and even recently he REALLY helped me through some very VERY dark times, listen to Apology, and Let me Go, really amazing stuff that might help you, really insightful.
The truth is, chronic depression gets in the way of everything, i thought i was productive at work and the time where i lost it all, was when i had my toughest job ever, i went 80 hours without sleep and food, only water and coffee, ended up in hospital, got drugs, did it again, and ended in the back of an ambulance clinging to life. All in the week of losing the girl i thought i'd marry and 2 of my best friends.
To be honest - i think the best thing you can do is tell your boss you are depressed, it is a real illness, worst case right here, you tell him, you get fired, you sell all your shit, take your cash, and live in a trailer for a month or 5 til you get yourself together. If you think you are feeling isolated now, what difference does a trailer make.
Are you in the USA? If you are, think bout moving? Dump the job, get a job doing ANYTHING. When i was depressed i went and worked in a dog kennel shovelling shit for a few weeks, the smile on the dogs faces when i walked in the room showed me that the helpless are the ones that need helping, humans are part of that equation.
Women are a kettle of fish that you can't judge the other parts of you life by, trust me, separate them, 0-5? Consider yourself lucky, finding someone you thought you'd marry and you didn't - again - you are lucky. Hindsight taught me that i didn't get married to the girl of 8 years, and that if i did, ultimately, what it did to my head, would have fucking killed me - i was nothing i wanted to be. I dated 1 girl since for 8 weeks and she was amazing, on a side note - i might post this to suicide watch, she follows me on Reddit and would surely help you too if you needed advice, she will tell you what state she found me in when we met. We only dated for 8 weeks because she was holidaying in Australia and she had to leave.

