I feel like no one will understand unless I kill myselfOriginally posted this in offmychest because that's the place I'm used to posting, but it probably fits in better here.

I think people underestimate my feelings, I mean... How could they not? It's hard to look at someone and suspect that they're going through shit, depressed, suicidal. I guess I put up a pretty good front too. I've been pretty distant from most of my friends, but I suppose it's easy to attribute that to just being busy.

I've never been skilled at voicing my thoughts. If I've ever needed to vent, it's always been through writing or texting, not through voice. Maybe because saying something makes it feel more real? I guess that's why I struggle during therapy sessions. I can't ever bring myself to actually say how I'm feeling, and I'm also scared. Because what if I get committed to a mental hospital? I'd just ruin my future forever. So I play off my feelings, make it seem like I'm depressed, but just not as suicidal as I actually am.

Even around my boyfriend, I can't seem to vocalize my thoughts. When we're together, it's easy to just act like nothing is wrong. Hell, as long as you force a smile and say that you're fine, I've learned that most people won't question you twice. And I can't just TELL people I'm suicidal because that's a damn ton of pressure to put on someone. It's too scary for most people who aren't professionals to deal with, and I know I wouldn't want that kind of pressure placed on me. So I just keep it in, easy enough to do since I have trouble speaking about it anyways. I feel like enough of a burden already.

I know some people know that I'm depressed... But I don't think they comprehend how bad it is, or maybe they just play it off as minor/downplay it to make themselves feel better (looking at you parents). But I'm not capable of saying how bad it is, and I don't think anyone will realize or understand unless I kill myself.

I'm not in immediate danger because I know I won't go through it (can't do something like that to my SO). I just hate feeling this way. I woke up today and wanted nothing more than to just go back to sleep and not wake up.

Has anyone found "the point" of living? I'm so anhedonic and tired that I just can't see the point anymore.
