Let's talk this through.I want to die. I am tired of living, tired of my constant heartache, the horrible disappointment, the tragedy of my loved ones dying before me, of those I want to love leaving me for someone else. My suffering feels immeasurable. it is deep, a Marianas trench of godawful anxiety pressing into my chest.

When I think of my past, recent and distant, I can only see the pain. The good does not outweigh the bad. It is tainted by this pervasive cloud of negativity that follows me wherever I go. I remember laughing, laughing, laughing, with my best friend. I loved her so much, her bright blue eyes and thin, sly smile. She died in a car accident, and I was told over a facebook message. The steering wheel crushed her heart and she died in an instant. She never loved me the way I loved her. But I loved her. She's been dead five years. 
I fell in love with someone else. Same story, they didn't love me the way I loved them. Told me they were "incapable" of it. They're now dating someone, and I'm cut out of their life. I feel utterly alone, I'm sure some of you here can relate to that. No, I'm not one of "those", before you wonder. I've had sexual partners, and past relationships. They all end in heartbreak and abandonment. It must be me. There is something *wrong* with me. They all leave. Somehow. I want to leave too. I've been here before, in this mental landscape. The vast emptiness of it, hissing snakes at my feet and damned oppressive clouds hovering overhead. I've even stared down the barrel of a Mosin Nagant, shoving its barrel in my mouth and daring myself to pull the trigger. That was eleven years ago. I didn't do it because I was afraid. I think I assumed that things would get better. They didn't. It just keeps getting worse. 

Now I don't think I'm afraid any more. It's a shame, really, because I sold that rifle and now I have no instrument to fellate, to pull its trigger and wipe my conscious mind clean of this reality. I'm not afraid of dying. I just don't want to suffer unduly. Other methods leave too much room for error, or for the lizard-brain to kick in and scream at my body to survive. The high caliber gunshot to the head is the way to do it. It's the best way. Barrel in mouth. Point up. Use a shotgun, it's the most lethal. Make sure to use a slug, or good buckshot. Closed-casket, but immediate. Instant. Nothingness. Forever. 

*Why doesn't she love me? Why won't anyone i love just love me? Just hold me close? Am I so ugly, so undeserving? it must be. it must be. it must be.* 

I'm hideous. A nothing-creature, crawling through mud and grasping at any branch that will bear my feeble claws until it snaps in disgust and lets me slide down and suffocate in more muck until it all overwhelms me, crystallizes around my hated flesh, and locks me away in this hell. No escape. None. I am a helpless bastard. 

There is no hope. No one will ever love me. I know it. It is deep in my frame, my *being*. I am incapable of being loved by another. Especially if I love them first. I am not something that others are capable of loving. And it's been proven to me, time and time again. 

I'll die, if I don't do it myself, and be forgotten. And a big part of me wants it that way. I don't want to be remembered by this world. And I don't want to remember it. 
 