Someone please tell me it gets better.Mother's day weekend 2009 I had a suicide attempt. Feel free to read through my comments or whatever if you want to know about that, but that's not really what I came to talk about. Long story short, I started therapy and medication in therapy for "moderate to severe depression" that resulted from a rape in December 2008, my first semester of college. Actually, I think I've always been depressed, but the incident also brought on anxiety and acute PTSD. So I tried to kill myself. Now I'm a few months in to DBT therapy mixed with talk therapy, which seems to be helping me sort through my thoughts. I was taking 50 mg of sertraline (Zoloft) daily, but lost all energy on it. Two weeks ago, I weaned off of it and started fluoxetine (Prozac). Two weeks ago I also had the worst depressive episode I've had in a while, and cut for the first time on a long time. I feel like three years later I've only come full circle.

For the past 10 months I've been actively trying to fix my life. I was in a really deep depression for two years, and that contributed to a whole load of bad decisions and apathy. I ended up with an eviction because I couldn't afford rent (I was working a terrible job), debt, a bench warrant and suspended license for 8 months for sneaking in to an amusement park and then missing court, and a bunch of other crap that made the depression worse. So I've been trying to eradicate every factor in my life that was holding me back. I now live in a much larger and cheaper apartment, and with roommates now. I lawyered up and turned myself in on the warrant, and paid $1500 to get that off my record. I have to go back to court in July with 25 service hours and the charges get dropped. I have a different job that I enjoy. It pays over twice what the last did, meaning I've finally broken both minimum wage and the poverty line. I faced the calls from the debt collector about rent I owe my old landlord, and I'm paying it off over the next 7 or 8 months. I'm ahead on my bills. I finally bought an air conditioner, and now do laundry semi-regularly. I have a supportive SO. I should be so happy right now. I took things in to my own hands to bring positive changes in my life, and I'm cutting out the negative. Why am I still not happy? Someone please reassure me that medicine will work.