read this or not, comment or not, upvote or downvote, im going to get some will to live by the end of this.some people just commented on my one of my recent posts, asking if i can share the novel i could write about what being suicidal feels like and what made me start feeling that pain and honestly i need to share that. so get ready for a life story. its been too long since all this came out. so starting off 14 years ago when my ass was born. i dont remember alot of my childhood. all i have is the notes my dad kept about what my mom did and the story's he told about her being abusive.

 i have a twin, an older sister an 3 half brothers and a half sister but i dont know my half siblings but what i do know is that my mom walked out on them when they were 7, fun right?  my older sister is so fucked up because of her but thats for another time. so up until 7th grade my mom was so abusive. 

name a form of abuse, do it, and guess what? its happened before. she doesnt care about anyone but herself, has hit me and my brother so many times and bitched at my dad for having anxiety. 7th grade comes and im talking to a friend about some other shit, she tells guidence in my school and here we are an hour later at home with the dcf at the door. and before that i thought all of this was right and normal. for the people on here with abusive parent(s) it makes you feel in the wrong right? like you did something? yeah it does doesnt it. and now we are on to my mom just now being a straight up bitch and not hitting anyone and my good friend comes along and hits up the world with her fake ass friends (literally) and catfishes me and some other dudes.  a year of that and me not having any child hood and an abusive mom you get a depressed 14 year old! 

now this year has been the worst out of all of them because im starting to think about all of it more. i want to do art and do something with my life but i feel like its all over anyways, like nothing good has happened so will it ever. and honestly this is when being suicidal kicks it. its shit. the feeling of wanting death is really hard. its like, your crying and sitting there not being able to do something you crave so so much. people get addicted to weed and shit right? but no one cares about the fact that people crave death like it will kill them if they do it or not. its like when your out of breath and your underwater, you know how you need air so bad but you have to wait to get it until your at the surface? that is what it feels like. drowning. not the literal felling of drowning, but the craving for air. but instead you crave death, but cant get it.

its like you think, whats it feel like to be happy. and not think about being dead. is it possible to not have depression. anxiety, ptsd, bpd, ocd or anything else? and just be normal? i feel scared of that almost. like it will be almost too much to handle. you eat a grape a day for your whole life lets say and you did that until you were 80 for example, would you be able to just start eating 1000 from now on. no right? thats how happiness is to me. i have so little everyday that i cant be fully happy. and does anyone know what that is? you in the back? no? its sad. its fucking sad.