It’s time to go? (26/F)I haven’t had a bad life. Actually it’s been pretty good looking from outside in, but no one can see what’s inside my head. I wasn’t beaten or abused by my parents or family. I’ve always been fucked up in the head though (I think with BPD). I’ve always known something has been wrong with me but wasn’t able to get help professionally.  I managed it ok before she died, because she was always there to help me.

Things fell apart after I watched my mom die 2 years ago. Since then, I’ve become even more of a raging alcoholic, blew all of my money on a 1.5year “around the world” trip where I had a mental breakdown abroad a few months ago. I returned back like the waste that I am to my dads, who I’ve treated like shit my whole life because I’m an awful person.  I am currently unemployed and can barely brush my teeth, alienated all friends and some family, and see no future in my life.  The sole reason why I haven’t offed myself yet is my dad and some of my other family but mostly my dad.  I have a brother that’s older and also mentally ill and I haven’t talked to him in years because we got in a fight started by me and my massive uncontrollable temper after my mom died.

The story is too long and complex for me to get into long details, but basically Im a failure and torn at a crossroads. I’ve lost all ambition. I’ve spent the last 3 weeks since returning to my dads researching suicide methods.  Instead of trying to make myself get better, I sit on the couch and research for hours all day every day.

Im now sober which sucks even more, because the full scale pain of just how fucked up I am in the head is coming to me for the first time in my entire life. That’s 26 years of being a shitty person, friend, girlfriend, daughter, niece.

I don’t know who I am, what I want, in fact I don’t even want anything. I just want it to be over and to be with my mom. I’ve lived enough for 26 years, I’ve been in love, I’ve had a good job, I’ve traveled, and right now that’s enough for me.

I’m thinking I’ll do it in a mall parking garage. . It’s not fair to my dad to clean it up in his house. He will be sad but i think better without me. He has a wonderful new girlfriend and has moved on. I’ve tried hanging myself here and passed out once, but then woke up. After that i took myself  to a psych ward for 2 nights hoping it would help but manipulated the doc to let me out (his diagnosis was simply depression, dumb).

I guess I just can’t see a reason to live, I’m just too fucked up and an embarrassing awful person. It’s not just my moms death, it’s feeling so fucking sick for my whole life and only being able to cope with alcohol and drugs.