I've hurt someone innocent and soon EVERYONE will know.More than 4 years ago I got drunk and cheated on my gf at the time. Never told her about it and basically put it out of my mind. She had been in a bad relationship before and thought that I was amazing and the one for her. I decided that it would be best for both of us if I shouldered the guilt of the cheating and was confident that I would never be found out. All of our friends at college were basically mutual too, so I knew if the truth came out I would be left with no one. We broke up 3 years later and we have both been with a couple of other people since then.

Now I am awaiting the results of my first ever STI test and having done some research I am now fairly confident that I caught chlamydia from the girl I cheated with. The results should be here tomorrow and if they do turn out positive I will have to confess. Chlamydia can cause infertility if left a long time and I can also now recall an incident that should have tipped me off that something was wrong soon after I caught it, but I always had it in my head that what I did with the other girl could not have given me an STI, and that she would be clean etc. Having finally ended my blissful ignorance by reading up on things I can't understand how this never occurred to me before. We basically had the symptoms staring at us right in the face but we never diagnosed it as I never had any sexual experience before her, and she had only done up to oral on her previous bf. He could have had something I suppose, but the timing of things is too perfect for it not to have been me. All experiences with doctors would have been influenced by this.

I've been reading posts on here all day from people who have been screwed over and are suicidal because they are victims. I am not the victim here. I always thought I was a good person and I dno't understand how I cuold have done this. I am about to lose everyone I value, and I deserve it.

I don't know why I'm posting here to be honest, but I have been thinking about throwing myself off of something high since I put these pieces together last weekend. I'm set on confessing everything to everyone and doing the right thing but that won't make up for this by a longshot if any permanent damage has been done to my ex or anyone else. I don't think I'll be able to live with myself after tomorrow, and I don't think anyone around me will be willing to let me live with myself either. I can't sleep or eat. Only alcohol has been able to take my mind off it.