Attempted suicide once; didn’t pan out. Now, I wish I had access to fentanyl.My only attempt at suicide was when I took eight, instead of four, Trazedone. I got into the sixth pill and I figured “Fuck it.” 

Every day I realize how much more of a loser I am than the last day and how hopeless my future is.

I’m 28, almost 29. I’m a white, hetero, male with a high school diploma and nothing else. I’ve applied for over a hundred jobs this year and I’ve only had two interviews that never called me back. I’ve been unemployed for a year now, and that’s not saying much because my last job was being a mascot. And needless to say it doesn’t come close to even paying for food.

I live on disability. I’m ugly. I have acne scars and rosacea. I’m a little overweight and I can’t afford to clean my clothes, pay for more than four days of food without using the food bank, relying on family, or starving. 

Girls look at me like I’m a cockroach. I never get smiled at in public. 

I don’t see the point in studying to get into technical school (because that’s all I can afford with a student loan) to get into computer engineering technology because the government will take 50% of what I earn after $800. Why spend all that time working hard just to get a job as a fry cook or to have your money taken away from you? Just so I can have enough to have (some) fun to myself? I doubt I’d get promoted. I’ve never been promoted. I’ve lost 27 jobs since I was 15. My employment record and credit score are filth.

I can’t afford - and I can’t qualify to move into a better apartment. 

In the end I don’t mind leaving my family behind, because they’ll think “Well, he’s in a better place now.” Because that would be the truth. Every day I inch closer and closer towards homelessness.

My apartment building has cock roaches, mice, and god knows what else in it that just makes living here that much more desirable than actually existing.

Now I just wish I had fentanyl for those days you do want to go through with it. Because I had that day and I know I’ll have that day again.