I think this is it.I dont even know how to say it all, its like putting together a puzzle where every piece is the same shape and colour.

I think this week (before the 4th) Im going to walk into the mountains and hang myself. Im out here for work and I cant help but look off into the rockies and just think about how beautiful of a place it is and how I want to die here. Last time I was here I was the happiest man alive. I want to remember that as I go dark.

Why?
Last december my (now ex-) girlfriend found out she was pregnant. It wasn't terribly surprising as she was between birth control, and even hypoallergenic condoms caused bad irritation for her. Neither of us felt ready, but I wanted to step up and be a man, and be a father like I never had (old man died when I was a kid). Longer story shorter, she decided she wasn't ready and aborted at 8 weeks pregnant. Immediately she regretted it, and it caused us both to slowly spiral away from each other. 

Forward to 3 (4? Ive been doing fentanyl to dim it) weeks ago and it breaks down. She just tells me that it cant work because of the baby we didnt have, and asks me to leave. Ive only been living with her for a year (we did 2 years of LDR, we talked every day, it was hard but worth it) but now I live out of my car and shower and do laundry at truck stops and laundrymats.

Its just the breakup, its the loss of my home and my support network. I should also mention its my best friends little sister, and when we split I burned all the bridges I had and shoved help away. Now I dont talk to anyone. And it feels like every time I push someone away I cant go back and ask forgiveness because it feels pathetic.

I dont want to rant, but I havent told anyone most of these details. We panicked when she was pregnant and she didnt want to say anything and now I cant explain to my best friend why I cant look him in the eye. In short, Im broke, alone, living in a beater car, and holding onto my job by a thread. If it goes I go the same day. 

The reason Im in the Rockies is because work called me on holiday to jet out here the same time I was tying the noose. Now it just seems like fate and it would be so easy; work 10 hrs, tell the coworkers Im in for the night, and start hiking down a trail till sundown. Ive been struggling with suicidal ideation for around 12 years (Im 25) due to childhood abuse, and this all just brought it back like an old friend you havent seen in years: it hopped back into my life like it never left.

Honestly, I spent the last 7 years getting my degree and dream job, fell for an amazing woman, and got a comfortable home and all the things I told myself I was living for, and now all I have is a shitbox car, mountains of debt, and my job (until I snap and fuck that up too). I just want to sleep and not have to wake up, and seeing as I have insanely high drug tolerance that kind of route isnt an option. I was thinking an "exit bag" but unadulterated helium is hard to come by in my neck of the woods. I cant use the 12 ga because my folks dont deserve that trauma, but I NEED to go because I cant even fucking look at myself in the mirror. Rope will have to do, I have some rated for 2000 lbs in my work bag and it looks at me every morning.

I had to get that out, now its out. I got till maybe Wednesday or Thursday depending on how long I can hold it together. I cant even go a day without breaking down and LOATHING myself, its getting hard to robot my way through the work day, so its more of a when then if. Any good vistas near Prince George or Quesnel BC are appreciated, I just want to go out looking at the sunset on the mountains.

Thanks for reading, sorry for the rambling.