Lost hope for myself (long and probably boring)(Sorry for any language mistakes, i am not a native speaker. Not a good story teller either)

I am 23, i have been struggling with depression the past 10 years. My teenage years are mostly a blur to me as i didnt really have any. I had been ripped away from my family and home by child services at barely 14. Not because i was being abused, but because i couldnt manage to go to school and stayed at home. (illegal where i live) I was being bullied and was too scared to go. It created too much anxiety for me to go to school. Even if i prepared everything to go that day. I just couldnt do it. This led me to spending all my teenage years till i turned 18 in facilities. I couldnt see my family. School there didnt teach you anything there were no lessons. Your work didnt get checked. I just zoned out every day for hours. I fell into a heavy depression and became suicidal. Men who worked at the facility would constantly ask me sexual questions. Intimidated me. I had to be watched by them when peeing in a cup for drug tests. I had never done drugs. They would watch me sleep and loom over me at night. During those years i had been diagnosed with dysthemia and autism. Which i never received medication or therapy for. When i finally got out at 18 i barely had a bond with my parents. My mom herself was broken, and my dad working so much i only saw him a few hours a day. A couple years later i thought i was doing good. I had rested at home for 2 years. I was finally ready to get an education and i did. I received a diploma within 6 months and climbed till where i am now. Doing the most difficult course my school offers. The downside is i have to do unpaid internship 24 hours a week and only get 16 hours of schooling + any homework/projects. It is too much for. The noise. The no lessons approach. Those 16 hours are all self study. I burned out quick and was back to zoning out most of the time. I still tried my best not to give up. During march it all stopped because of corona and i thought i could finally get a break. 
Two years ago i met someone online. (We are 7hrs apart in timezone) We were friends for a year. I started to like him so after a year i finally told him and he liked me back. We decided to slowly work towards a relationship. By now that was last year. We had promised each other to be exlusive. I was so damn happy. This was going to be my first relationship. I have always felt so undesiarable and unloved before. We were saving up for plain tickets. We were mend to meet this summer. I noticed mid februari he was slowly talking to me less and less. 5 weeks before quarantine he hadnt contacted me at all and i finally bit the bullet and asked him if he wasnt interested in me anymore. He said yes. I had cried for weeks on end. I didnt leave my bed. I just couldnt understand why. This is all just a blur to me too. He said it was the distance. I told him i had saved up the money i needed and even if we couldnt meet now due to corona id still be willing to move for him. I begged him for months. And he kept telling me to wait weeks so he could think. During that time he started dating someone else and confessed to having had sex with someone twice back in februari. I was shocked. my heart felt so broken. I was having chest pains. I stopped eating. I couldnt breath well. I felt nauseous. I threw up. That went on for months. I still begged him. I started drinking alcohol and using weed. I said i could forgive him. He didnt want it. After he had cheated he still asked me multiple times for nudes. I felt disgusting and used and undesirable again. I had no self confidence left anymore. I didnt understand what i did wrong. Where i lacked. To make things worse i lost the last thing that comforted me. My beloved cat diet from felv. I was absolutely broken and devistated. I still am. I have thought about suicide many times. I still do. A couple weeks ago i broke down infront of my mother for the first time since i was a little girl. She send me to the doctor which gave me anti depressants. Im on them for two weeks now. They make me feel aggression. I was still talking everything through with the guy that dumped me. It made me want to kill myself even more. I took out that aggression on him by telling him the truth in a very rude manner and today he finally decided to ghost me completely. I dont have any friends. Nobody reaches out to me. I dont see my classmates anymore. I just cry and stay in bed or i just dont feel anything at all. My body has become skin and bones. I lost 20 kilos in 3 months. It feels uncomfortable and i have fainted many times. My whole body hurts. My mind hurts. I have written suicide letters. i feel so much agony and so numb at the same time. I hate myself. If nobody wants me, there must be something really wrong with me right? I went as far as advertising myself in a rape subreddit just to feel desired by someone atleast. The vile messages i got just proved me how worthless i really am. I dont feel any sexual desire anymore. I havent since he broke up with me. I have lost hope. No one will notice if i leave. No one will shed a tear. I feel like im only complaining. I am so far gone. I feel posting here is my last resort. I dont know if anyone will read this far or read this at all. But thank you for atleast listening. I am not sure where im headed anymore.