To random people that probably don't careI don't know where else to put this. In a few days  I will be ending my own life. I have tried everything to get the help I need for myself. For these 22 years of existing in this world I will lose everything by the beginning of June. 
I am failing at my job, my boyfriends mother has gotten into his mind that I am going to be a homeless- uneducated girl who is not allowed to stay at her 22 yr old boyfriends apartment because his mother said so. Let me also add, they talk about me often about how I'm going nowhere in life. He's a mommy's boy, so he's finally chose her as the love of his life and will always protect her, even when I cry about the mean things she says about me all the time.

When in reality, I have been fighting hard to find a job because of my social anxiety. It's because I can't get my GED because I have a full time job. 

And that's where I realized that I AM A BURDEN to everyone that I am close to. My anxiety and anxiety attacks around people have became a normal thing. And I don't blame them for not taking me seriously anymore.

I have tried reaching out online, my therapist isn't helpful, my psychiatrist of 2 years prescribers me all sorts of pills that don't help. The crisis text line aren't helpful.

I tell the people I care about that I'm suicidal, and then they threaten to call the cops and tell me I should feel bad about my thoughts of suicide. 

So here's to the people who don't fucking know me, at least somebody was willing to read this. Or probably not. These posts don't really get anything. 

So fuck you to the ones who say they love me but think I can't do anything with my life. I fucking hate how no matter how hard I try, I'm always going be a fucking loser. I've been a failure for 22 years and I don't know why I keep letting myself go through this. I'm not even upset with everyone. I'm upset with myself. 
Nobody has good advice for me because my problems are impossible to fix.  Anyways, I'll be doing you all a favor and not be an annoying waste of space anymore. 

