So, it's not normal to feel bad if your life sucks?I guess I don't understand depression. I still live my daily life like usual, i still laugh at jokes and enjoy stuff like short video games. The thing is, my life sucks. My vision sucks. I have dissociation which seems like I'm stuck with it and honestly, doesn't even bother me that much anymore but it's definitely worth mentioning. I have brain damage from hitting my head when I was depressed and since then I've felt much better but still feel like my life sucks because, well, it does. I have a bald spot due to getting a mole removed which will always be there. I can't wear contacts cause I have strabismus due to my brain injury so I'm stuck wearing glasses which don't even help that much and weigh a lot due to the prisms that are built in. 

Anyways, ever since my brain injury I have hardly any sympathy for others. People think I'm a dick cause I am blunt about my observations. I call out people for being selfish and, well, people don't like that. I've tried talking to people about this but they don't care until you say you want to kill yourself. Then all of a sudden they care. Due to my brain injury/dissociation I have terrible memory and am constantly losing things. Looking at my life logically, there is no reason to continue living like this. If someone had a brain injury 1000 years ago they would be left to die. There's no point to live through a disability. Yes, I know people live through disabilities all the time but for what? I literally day dream through the majority of my life. I won't remember writing this tomorrow. I called a suicide help line and their hope was that a miracle drug will be able to reverse brain injury in the future. Sure, that's possible but in the meantime I'm wasting valuable time accomplishing nothing due to the state I'm in. Also, there's no guarantee that they will actually be able to find something that reverses brain injury. I sleep for 12 hours at a time regardless of how tired I am due to my brain injury so I end up with not as much time in the day as other people.


Anyways, it's not like any of you care about me or my problems. They're not fixable. In fact, I would think that in a state with legal assisted suicide that I'd be able to fit their standards. 