I don’t know what to do anymore, and I am extremely desperate to talk to someoneI want to start off by saying this: I feel like a total piece of shit for making this post. 90% of the posts in this sub are from individuals who are dealing with situations I couldn’t even imagine, and my troubles pale in comparison to theirs. Allow me to explain.

I come from a well-off midwestern family, I’ve gotten into a great university, and from an outside perspective, my life appears to be well on-track. I am fortunate enough to have everything I’ve ever needed provided for me.

That being said, I think I’m nearing the end of my rope. I don’t know what to do anymore, and I just want everything to end. I don’t want to die, but I don’t want to live like this either. I’ve thought about suicide almost daily, and at this point I’m just wishing I would die in some freak accident so that I don’t bear the responsibility for my own death. 

If you’ll indulge me, I’d like to explain how I got to this point. 

Since I was young, I’ve always been the child that my parents “never had to worry about”. I’m the youngest of four siblings, and a common stereotype in my family has always been that I was the “smart” one. The child that is going to “be just fine” all on their own. 

This stereotype was actually somewhat true during high school, for about three years. I was good at high school and my parents never had to ground me or take away privileges because of grades like they did with my other siblings. 

When the time came to apply to college, I got into an extremely prestigious university purely by nepotism. 

You see, I have an uncle who held a very prominent position at said university, and he pulled some strings to get me in. I know I don’t deserve it, but nevertheless I accepted the opportunity. 

Well when I got to the university, it was the first time I never had to answer to anybody. My parents always assumed I was the “smart” kid that was fine by themself, but things went south pretty fast.

I did okay (not well, just barely okay) during my first year, but it wasn’t long before things started to spiral. I began to struggle in class, and the stress of failing made it impossible for me to sleep. I would stay up all night (I swear to God this isn’t an exaggeration. I couldn’t sleep a wink) worrying about the work I needed to do for my classes. This became unbearable after a few months. I eventually turned to marijuana and alcohol just so I could get any form of sleep, and I turned to abusing adderall in order to get my work done. If my parents ever found out how often I abuse drugs, they would disown me. 

My plan of forcing my body to act how I wanted by using chemicals backfired in a really bad way. I NEEDED marijuana or alcohol In order to go to sleep, and I needed adderall in order to get ANY sort of work done. This system actually worked decently well, until I ran out of money. 

Today, I spend every. single. spare. cent. I can find on drugs. I’m either buying marijuana and/or alcohol to sleep, or adderall to get my work done. I’ve gone several days without eating food in order to save up money for these drugs.

But it wasn’t enough. I became very short on money, and I haven’t been able to regularly afford any of these “performance-enhancing” drugs as much as I used to. I’m on the verge of failing my third class of my college career, and I couldnt imagine my parents reaction if I told them honestly about my situation.

Truth be told, there is only one thing stopping me from putting a bullet in my head (I have a firearm, which only makes ending myself more tempting): it’s the story of one of my good friends.

About 9 months ago, one of my friends killed themselves. I went to their funeral, and the WORST thing I have ever witness in my life was his parents dealing with the shock of suddenly losing a son. I’ve never seen a human being suffer as much as his parents. Thinking about it now makes me want to vomit. I saw his mother and father weep uncontrollably for hours. It fucked me up. 

The ironic thing is: if it wasn’t for my friend hanging himself, it probably would’ve been me. This fact only makes me more fucked up about his death. 

I’ve called the suicide hotline several times tonight with no answer, so fuck it; here’s my throwaway account’s desperate plea for help. 

I don’t want to die, I just feel like I’m leaking pain constantly and there is nothing I can do to stop it. 

Death seems preferable to what’s happening now.