I don’t want to die, I just want to understand.52711: It’s strange, isn’t it? Humans have no reason to suffer, to continue this pain, yet they still do. Why? For what? You’ll just end up dying. We’re trapped in an endless cycle. We get born, we learn, we graduate, we find love, we reproduce, we work till we’re old and die.

85910: I can’t seem to understand the world anyways. It feels like there’s something missing. I keep seeing images that spark some kind of memory. It makes me terribly miserable to not know things. What if the world is just fake? That would make a lot of sense. So there really is no need to live at all.

40192: I always feel like I’m just another extra. My friends are close with each other, I’m just another person who they pity. I’m not interesting. I’m not confident enough to do stuff. All I can do is quietly laugh. All I do is bring people problems. I wish I didn’t cry all the time. I bet my friends have a harsher life than I have. I always have to listen to them anyways. I have no choice. 

68241: I can't seem to experience true love. I don’t have the ability to like someone. It stresses me out. I mentally break down. Maybe if I just laugh and have fun with them. Just pretend I’m a kind and polite person who’s really lively and fun. No one likes someone as sad as me. They only like happy me.

03679: I feel so drained. I’m wasting my time on nothing. I feel heavy yet light as I slowly lift myself from the ground, but my head pushes me down like a ton of bricks making me slowly closing my eyes. I try to maintain awake. But I’m just too tired. Tired of what exactly? I don’t know. I don’t stay awake at night though. I do try to not sleep at night and save some time left for me to think. But it’s too late. I’m already asleep. And before I knew it, I had to start the same routine again.

CC: Woah, you sound like you have some serious issues. Maybe go to a therapist?
M: I don’t have access to therapy, unfortunately.
CC: Maybe rest?

M: Rest? As in like taking a day off?

CC: Yeah, you know, having a break?

M: My parents would never let me. They’d tell me I’m being over dramatic.

CC: Okay, well uh, talk to a friend.

M: What friend? All my friends get awkward and “gtg” so I don’t feel like neither of us would be comfortable talking about this.

CC: Maybe tell your parents about how you feel?

M: I can't explain stuff. I’ll probably cry. My parents hate me crying. They’ll hit me if I do. They’ll also tell me off for explaining to them.

CC: Maybe process your brain?

M: I don’t know when to start. I’m too tired to think.

CC: Maybe just vent? Like write things out?

M: That's actually a good idea, though my vents include emotion and I feel like that is what I don’t need people to know about me.