I suppose I'm pathetic thenI'm a young adult and by god I was hoping I'd make it further than this. When I was fifteen I had my "midlife crisis" as I had made a deal with myself that if things hadn't gotten any better by the time I was thirty, I'd end my life. Later down the line I realized this was ridiculous, as when I was seventeen I was committed into a mental hospital three times and once when I was eighteen. My mother passed away due to cancer in my senior year of high school (when I was seventeen) and it really pushed me over the edge, as when I was eleven and had just learned what suicide was and that I could in fact do it if I had the balls, she was sort of the person I was living for. I loved her a lot more than the family I was living with (my father and his wife, now ex-wife) since being with her and my other siblings was always such a good time.

I just feel like I can't do anything anymore. I have major depressive disorder and general anxiety and I'm medicated for both and I see a therapist every couple of weeks, but I feel that I'm not getting anywhere. Lately the safest and most serene place in my life has been my bed, even if I'm not sleeping and just sort of laying there, imagining myself in a better world. I'm twenty years old but I have "imaginary friends" in a way...

I do not go to college and I do not have a job at the moment. I just applied to a local community college at per the request of my father even though I'm pretty sure I'm going to do absolutely horrible. If I can't even take a shower every week how am I going to keep up with classes? I sleep maybe twenty hours a day. That may be a bit of a stretch, but that is what it feels like. Sometimes I think my dad is on my side but as of late he certainly has proven that this is not true.

You see, my dad met this woman (now his fiance) over OKCupid or some other dating site. She's an English professor and seems to have high, high standards for everyone. She has a seven year-old daughter (who is a complete brat and is slightly ruining my life because of how much she yells and I can't deal with it and she says such bullshit and ugh but I don't want to get too much into that I suppose, just know that my dad tells me not to do certain things around her and my thoughts on this are that this kid should learn how to deal with things she doesn't like, not that I should be censored around her [not like I'm cussing or saying other explicit things around her]) who she practically demands play the piano, only read books (she rarely watches tv, but I do too, so whatever), and she even goes to a oh-so-fancy private school. I hate to say this stereotypical crap, but my dad's fiance is Taiwanese and I'm beginning to wonder if her high-ass standards have anything to do with it? I'm not as familiar with Taiwanese culture as I should be.

Anyway I think these high standards are rubbing off on my dad. He used to not really give a shit about what I did which I was chill with because I felt like shit most of the time. But now he asks me to apply to classes and volunteer and all this other stuff. Honestly I feel overwhelmed. I don't want to even look at either of them because I'm incapable of doing any of the things they want me to do.

I went to a university in Fall 2014 but I had to drop out due to a sort of meltdown I had and that was the third time I ended up in a mental hospital. I also have constant migraines, at least three or four a week, which leave me very sick and nearly bedridden. I had a job for about a month but I had to leave that, too. The managers just couldn't understand that my migraines make me very ill and I guess I just needed to work on getting the migraines under control anyway.

But here I am in 2016 basically feeling the exact same except worse. I can't get a job for whatever fucking reason. I've applied to nearly every store in my area and even some I consider a bit too far away. I don't know what is wrong with me that no one wants to hire me. On Thanksgiving I overheard my dad telling his fiance that I "just can't get a job" which I assume means that she was bothering him about me getting a job. She never talks to me directly, only through my dad. I don't know why she cares about what I do either, I'm not her kid. I was okay with her at first, but now I'm finding it extremely difficult to even tolerate her. Her horrible brat of a child doesn't make it any easier.

Sometimes I think that I love my dad and other times I outright hate him. One time I ate all the Oreos in a package (I have developed issues binge eating recently, it sucks) a couple years ago and he straight-up called me pathetic right to my face. Over a package of Oreos. What has gotten me here today was a text from him saying that it was "ridiculous" how I haven't been doing my chores around the house. I agree with him, it is ridiculous, but I'm fucking depressed as all hell and can barely get my ass out of bed. Yeah, maybe doing the dishes takes a few minutes, but when I don't even want to walk downstairs to eat something (which I have to do to be comfortable and ultimately survive) those dishes can suck an entire bag of dicks. I'd rather lay in bed and die right now, thanks. My dad obviously has some goddamn issues and he always acts like he doesn't and I'm pretty sure some of my problems stem from his. I have a vivid memory of laying in my bed when I was very, very young (in elementary school) with a cough and he yelled at me because I couldn't stop coughing. I can't come to him with any problem because he will become upset with me, I believe. He is a complete asshole. I don't know how he can get any woman to like him ever because I'm not the only person he does this to. He even yells at my younger brothers, who are four and eight (nearly nine) and I just can't bear to see him treat them like that, because I know just how it feels. They clam up because it is frightening to be yelled at by someone bigger than you, who is supposed to love and care for you. Instead he just screams about stupid shit like Oreos. Fuck him.

I wish I could move out. I think it would make a lot of my anxiety dissipate. Right now I'm walking on eggshells because my father's fiance is apparently thinking that I don't like her (which I don't) just because I don't say "hi" to her. Also once she lied to my dad; she told him that I never thanked her when I borrowed her car when my car's battery was dead. I wouldn't have been able to sleep if I didn't thank her for something like that, and I explicitly remember going into her office and thanking her, and her saying "you're welcome," so I know that she heard me. I just, ugh. I can't make any good money right now because I can't get a fucking job even though I've been trying forever. My dad wonders why I want to get a job instead of just going to college or whatever but it is because I can't handle full-time classes which disqualifies me from living on campus anywhere, I believe. So I'd like to get a job and room with some friends because it'd be a hell of a lot easier on my heart than it is here.

The migraines. Oh my god the migraines. They happen at least twice a week, and they get worse when I near my menstrual cycle. I used to get them once a month around that time and it was just debilitating, I would puke and puke for hours. Now they're more manageable but still not to the point that I can actually function while having one. It doesn't help that my neurologist only wants to schedule appointments every three months, or six months this time. I want my life to move on, not be like this, thanks.

Sometimes I feel good but then something little like my dad calling me pathetic just sets me off like this. I know I'm being completely irrational but I honestly can't help it. That's why it is irrational... It is like a rabbit's hole for me, my dad says I'm ridiculous, that other people in the house (his fiance and her daughter are literally the only other people in the house) pitch in money and do chores. So I guess because I can't give any money and because I can barely do chores that makes me a useless piece of shit. I've disconnected from friends I wish I had stayed in contact with, but I just have a hard time approaching people that it is hard for me to keep in touch. My dad acted like he was supportive but I really doubt that. I don't think I will ever get better and I do not see a future for myself. Occasionally I'm able to see myself as cute, sensitive, wise, even smart at times. But right now is not one of those times, and productive or useful has never been on that list of qualities.

I've been trying to get better or change my situation and it just isn't working. I even told my dad that I've been feeling like shit recently in a long, drawn-out text my therapist called "heartfelt." I don't think he took it seriously at all or he thought I was just bitching about his fiance and that I'd get over it. Well I still haven't gotten over it, and here I am now.

I was worried I wouldn't have enough pills but I actually have a million it seems. I may not do it tonight as I kind of feel like sobbing in bed and sleeping comfortably one more time. I love sleeping.

Thanks for reading.

Summary: I'm very depressed right now to the point where I just want to sleep all day and can barely get myself to bathe or even eat. I live with my father and fiance who don't seem to be supportive in the slightest. I've been trying my best to get a job so I can move out or at least have something to do so that I'm not so pathetic in their (and my own) eyes but everywhere I have applied has turned me down.

I don't especially want to do this, otherwise I wouldn't be here. But it has been on my mind for a very, very long time and I guess now is as good a time as any.