My biggest regretIs not dying the first time I tried to kill myself. Or the second, or the third. 
Not only am I a failure in life, but also in death because I can’t even kill myself. One of the times I called the cops too soon. 
I just didn’t want a family member to have to find me like that. 

I am so so wrong for this world. I try so hard to get it right and to do right but instead I’m the anti-Midas and everything I touch turns to shit. 

I got a dog when I was coming out of the hole last time. He’s the best boy. But he has separation anxiety. I rescued another, as he usually is calmer in company. But no. Now I have two “problem” dogs that I love to the moon and back. Boyfriend thinks I should get rid of the rescue because she is aggressive when scared. 

I could never live with myself. I know they make my life busier, and more complicated. I know that it’s not ideal. I know. I need to be working hard at my degree. I made a decision because I was so, so alone. I needed a reason to live. 

Giving these dogs up, will kill me. The guilt will. 

We went to therapy today. He called me a liar because I changed my mind about having children (to not wanting children. How can I subject them to me, and this world). And that having mental health issues doesn’t excuse lying or being an asshole. 

And I’m so done. I’m done with being a piece of shit. I’m done with hurting people I love. I don’t want any friends. I’m not interested in what life has to offer- I’m not impressed so far. I fail at everything I try and am a burden to everyone around me. 

I need some more time to get my affairs in order. To dump the boyfriend so he doesn’t have to care. Finances, clean the apartment. 

Give my dogs a cheeseburger. Tell them I’m sorry for failing them.  

The world is hell, and everyone else was given a flameproof suit. And I’m naked. Everything hurts all the time and I’m angry because everything hurts and others just don’t see it at all. 

Like he says “I’m doing this for you”. 

They will be better off in the long run, without me holding them back.