I reached my breaking point.




[This](http://oi59.tinypic.com/2hmocqh.jpg) is what allowed my worst enemy to finally win and see my self destruction come, me.. my darker side.

If you want further back story, this throw away account has one other post from went I felt really hopeless.

Now back story on the screen capture. I'm poly and I met her on OkCupid, let's call her Beth, who lives several hours away and we hit it off well and Kat liked her too. Kat and Beth both got along really well. She stayed over for a week with her dog and then I did the same. 

She started acting weird when she met a guy near her, then comes that she FINALLY owned up that she couldn't handle a long distance relationship and Bob wanted a monogamous relationship. So I got turned into the bad guy even when she first talked about Bob I wad excited for her and hoped she found the one and our relationship shifted to a good friendship. 

I thought that was the case as unlike she messaged, we were in perodical contact off and on, we just haven't hung out since. Well today happened when I wanted to just chat. Fucking hell was I wrong.... Apart from Kat, I've met too many crazy chicks that have treated me like mud off a boot.

I was already is a emotionally prone state because a friend I've had as long as I've known Kat, nearly ten years. Her name is Susan and last year Kat and I went to visit her and her boyfriend, Chris, in west virginia, an over three hour drive... Well we all got along really well. Even more, as Sue and I thought we would . I even get along with Chris.

Well Sue wants to date me but Chris is manogamous due is Jewish upbringing (his words dispite not being very religious and seemingly ) and well Sue wated me enough and I've become her dirty little secret...

Which has been hell for me. I am very loving and affectionate but she is very guarded because Chris and her will use each others phones when nesissary. She says he'll turn around but for me it's been bittersweet.

So today I give in. If my life stays like this then a month before my birthday I'm going to blow my head off. I give up and let my demons win..