My last postI have posted here before and fairly recently and as i read through the comments and PMs i realised that i am a lost cause. the advice i hear feel like they are coming from the same source and are unsincere not to say that the people are unsincere. I've tried picking myself up again and again and each time i did it toook longer to get up but now im staying down no round three, no comeback kid just a pitiful end to a pitiful life. I was gettting kicked out of my college because I basicly stop going to my classes after being hospilized for my failed suicide. they kept me there for acouple days and i felt trapped. couldn't watch any of the good tv shows and surrounded by old people i felt like i was in a nursing home. I begged them to let me go and took the first opportunity to leave. I tried going back to class after that played the catch up game but then I fell and my class started to sound like gibberish and one day i decided to not go to give my brain a rest but that was a bad idea because i never caught up so i stop going to class all together. I met with my advisor who basicly said I wont be able to get into and major in technology which is the only thing im intersted in since I would only have one semester to complete the requirements and all the classes are most likely filled. Then today I lost my job and for thanksgiving I get to go home to a house without electricity and raccons. I can't stop crying and when I do all I hear are voice laughing at me and insulting at every mistake I have ever made. I don't have friends I can talk to mostly my fault because I'm scared of being close to people and i feel that every person despises my presence. Im a dissapointment to my family because I basically wasted their time and money. Im not smart and just worthless, undependable, a coward, a parisite, a fat slob, lazy, I am the worst of the worst not because of the bad things I've done nessesarly but becasue of the lack of good things I've done. Instead of waiting for the inevitable death that is going to happen im going to do it myself and atleast decide when I go out. 