because Im basically a fucking pussyI have been quite emotional these past couple days but in the last few hours ive had a silent crying sesh in my room (so my roomates dont hear). Im 23 and truth be told, my situation doesnt seem near as bad as as about 95% of what i read. In fact, I dont think anyone else whos in my situation would be this fucking depressed. I just dont get it. I feel that Im quite good looking to be honest and i have plenty of things going for me. Im currently attending a university as a senior. Ive been with beautiful girls. physically, ive lucked out with a muscular physique, a considerably large dick, and i can eat whatever i want without getting fat. Also, my parents are wonderful people who never abused me and were able to provide for me. dont get me wrong, theyre not rich, but just about everyone would say they gave me everything i needed. in conclusion, i won both the genetic and parental lotteries when i was born. so at this point, (if youre still reading) youre probably wondering why im considering suicide. if i had to summarize, its cause i fucking hate my life.

so why do i hate my life:

1. I really think the difference between myself and others is my expectations. When I believe something, that usually doesn't change, and I believe i have all the potential in the world. good looks, intelligence, good family, good situation(compared to others). With these assets, I should have ease in accomplishing my goals- yet i have never accomplished ANYTHING THAT I REALLY WANTED. its literally like a sick fucking joke(i used to blame the christian god until i realized hes just as real as santa claus.) I never made the soccer team and I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN OBSESSED since i was a child. I tried soo hard and worked my ass off all middle and high school yet i did not make the team despite being above average athletically. i consider a large part of my childhood as a failure since this was all i basically concentrated and worked on. Ive always had a strong desire to be successful socially, yet most of my life ive felt like people just dont really like me. elementary school, middle school and most of highschool (my sophomore year was a decent year). yeah i have some friends, yet at work and school it seems like people just dislike me. Im not obnoxious or mean in any way. In fact, im a pretty nice and respectful person, yet an oddly large amount of people seem to have the need to fuck with my head on purpose or just be rude. and its not their fault. its mine. theres obviously something wrong with me cause these people respect others and others respect them.

 With women, ive had success but it is totally random and its like i have no control. i know i get emotional and irrational when it comes to a girl i like, yet i cant prevent being nervous or acting like a begging idiot, so i always end up alone. i havent had sex for about a year now and my roommates love to keep reminding me of this. Ive always wanted a serious girlfriend (who would please just fucking occasionally put out) yet my longest relationship ever lasted 2 months. so in a nutshell, i never accomplished any of my important goals (soccer, socially, and women). and anyone else in my shoes definitely would have.

2.Im terribly addicted to smoking tobacco and pot. I cannot quit ive tried a million times. I cannot get into the premiere physical shape i need to be in because of this. the longer i go without either, the more negative thoughts i have until it comes to this (i consider killing myself).

3.My parents are hardcore christians and i am a bisexual agnostic
 (i dont know if there is a grand universe creator, but if there is, he/she/it defintely doesnt act like a retarded fucking five year old by drowning the world, not providing humans with proof of his existence then damning them for not believing, preaching hate, (the christian god))(i could create another whole post for this...). my parents have no idea. I dont tell them about my "lost faith" because it would really hurt them and they wouldnt understand. they always tell me how homosexuallity is a huge sin and how god hates gays; yet they always insist they will love me no matter what. quite the fucking headtrip if you ask me. no one knows about my sexuality but if someone did, my small list of friends would probably exponentially decrease my roommates would surely have me kicked out and i really have no fucking clue what my parents would do. probably try to exorcise the gay out because in their minds, its most likely the dick demon from the superbad movie. and honestly, im not even that gay i really like women, thats why i feel so fucking lame. its like i have a choice and im still partly desiring the wrong option. Its like im the male version of fat pissed of lesbian who hates men because they have wronged her. but im not fat and ugly. im just a weak person. i love my parents and i want to impress them so badly yet if they knew the real me, they would be devastated.

4. I hate my future. as of now, im going to run out of scholarship money and i need one more semester to graduate. ill have to take a loan and work my ass off. but i honestly dont want to graduate considering that i hate the work and i dont want to have a job behind a desk for the rest of my life. everyone tells me what an idiot i am and how i should just finish school when i express my desire to quit. Ive lost all faith in the female species and my ultimate goal of having a family seems to be an unreachable dream. I have an extremely huge desire to be with a woman whos pleasant to look at and will get along with me. someone who i can settle in with and not have to be on my A game all the time. I also want to have a son and help him achieve the goals that i could not. yet with my outlook on women, this seems impossible. A possible a combination of the following will likely happen:
 a) she will love the child more than me, b) she will lose interest once we are married since i am committed to her and shes not trying to win me(shes already won) or c) she will divorce me and take my earnings and children like so many dumb sluts in our society do these days. 
I cannot see a bright future for myself.

In conclusion, I would like honest opinions of what people think. it almost seems that suicide for me is the logical choice. my life has sucked for the majority of its existence , and it seems that it will suck even harder in the future. so whats the point? i have all the tools for success, yet i guess i dont have the willpower or brains to achieve the things i really want. im basically just a fucking pussy. I will read the comments over the next week, but after that, if i do not have or find a reason to live, i will kill myself, probably by the good old car in garage trick or perhaps ill buy a ton of heroin from the friendly  neighborhood drug dealer.

 thanks for reading- bipolar21
