My life isn't mine.I've been thinking about this all week. And it's some kind of truth that has been apparent for a very long time. My parents made me believe I was their possession. I am still a prisoner in their home. I'm starting to accept this, that they will keep me in their insane reality forever. That I will be harassed daily for just existing, stalked if I dare go outside, have to deal with the creepy obsessiveness and fake love and attention. Having to deal with my baby sister getting hurt all the time, like I'm reliving my own childhood trauma. I didn't need to be born but I came into this world anyway. I don't know how to leave. I can't physically hurt myself and I have a fear about swallowing pills. It's frustrating...because I have to live with a lot of pain too and it would be nice to have an easy way out. I do exist and no one has really made me feel like this is right. I have suffered and I try to reach out but it's like people make me feel like I'm crazy for believing that I'm suffering. My other sister broke my heart and she won't even acknowledge what she's done, I trusted her and I need to talk to her but she's not the person I thought she was. Her loyalty to my sociopath of a mother is just too strong. I feel disgusted with myself that I shared so much information with her about my depression. I do therapy and it's helped me open my eyes to these horrible truths. I am not strong enough now I know nobody is on my side. Or it's more like being deceived to believe that I have so much support from my family when in reality they have been destroying me. And keeping me isolated from everything that could have been good for me. I have myself and this used to comfort me a lot...but not now. I don't recognise my face, don't feel like I'm existing or my body is real...i have done things like starve myself and I can't even feel the pain from that. I feel a bit sick whenever I realise how much food I'm not eatibg, how much weight I'm losing....I have horrible health problems because of being underweight for a decade. I could go on and on but this is really upsetting to write out. I don't feel my emotions anymore but I cried a lot just now. These are things I can't say in the real world and I still hope that one day I can express myself and have people care. But this hope is destroying me because I can't let go if it and I know I'm alone so I'm living with contradictions.