I'd honestly rather end up homeless to die from exposure than face my fearsHow does someone get out of this mess of a mindset?

The summer is almost over, and I'm starting my senior year with bullshit finals. Thinking that school is utter bullshit doesn't help my situation but I digress. Tomorrow I'm supposed to start being tutored. The "greatest" thing about this tutoring is that I'm not going to be alone there. There are going to be other students that I've never seen (but I assume THEY know each other). I've almost completely forgotten how the first day of High School where I didn't know everybody went, so I assume it didn't go that well especially since I negatively exaggerate everything that I do. If I'll have to do another one of these awkward introductions I'll probably just leave and dig a hole to live there.

At this point I just don't want to exist. I know it's such a small and shitty reason to be this scared but I just can't. I tried many times to find friends and honestly, it worked (because my cousin had a lot of friends and helped me but that doesn't matter). Although, I wasn't very honest with myself while I tried to be the extrovert type of person. I certainly don't want to do that again. Not to mention that during the final exams, I'll have to do oral tests which require me to speak to teachers I've never seen in my life. Oh, and there's also the "super cool awesome epic senior party" that I REALLLLLLLLLLY don't want to go to. It just feels like I'm less and less of a member of society. I don't want to work because 99% of workplaces require you to talk to other people. I just want to be myself and sit at home. I recently started learning guitar so that kinda eases my pain. I feel like it's just a pathetic excuse to continue being like this though. Thinking that I'll have to start being what society defines as a successful person honestly makes me want to vomit. What the fuck do I do? I tried all the surface bullshit of "look at the positives" or "just bear through it", fuck all that. I just don't want to do anything ever, I want to be a pathetic loser that never leaves the house and that has the most unhealthy lifestyle in the entire world if that means that I won't have to go outside and face my fears. I swear... if it wasn't for this annoying-ass natural fear of death that we're conditioned to have by our brain's hardwiring I'd be long fucking gone (and I also bet overpopulation would never be a problem if it was that way). pls help, even "it'll be fine" helps

P.S. Sorry if this isn't the sub good for this, I posted this on r/depression and it got no responses.