Looking for respect for my decisionHi, I’m trying really hard to rationalise this so please bare with here.

I have always struggled with confrontation and asserting my personality to others. I am by no means shy on the surface but I am very introverted naturally. When I first met my boyfriend, we were both in a similarly pessimistic position in our lives. A bit stuck but wanting to slog on and hopefully journey to relative happiness. We have propped each other up now for around 3 years, and actually (I think) in quite a healthy and supportive way. I love him so, so much. I truly believe that we have a unique connection that I couldn’t find with anyone else. I am a lot more deep in my understandings of the world than him. Although he loves me, he doesn’t believe in the idea of a one true love and he has never been with another woman. He believes himself, though not through medical diagnosis, to perhaps be on the autism spectrum and can struggle with emotionally driven trains of thought. I was attracted to him initially as he never conducted any of the bull relationship politics at the beginning of the relationship, and I always hated the men that I dated previously that did that. His treatment of me was so pure and so honest.

Recently, I have noticed that he is really trying to upheave his life and get rid of some of the bad habits he has. He came close tonight to ending it with me and I think some underlying feelings came out about not being sure that my characteristics are what he wants for his lifelong partner. Although he loves me, I understand that my approach to life must make things hard for him. But this is the problem. He loves me and will not leave me despite me stressing that I would always support him regardless. We have already faced some rough times in such a short relationship (3 years) such as family deaths, horrible job situations, I uprooted and moved 2 hours away from family to live with him, etc. I want him to soar but I am holding him back, and not by my own choice. He loves me too much to make that sacrifice for himself. I love him enough to do just that, and I know that if I isolate myself from him and continue to live then he will fight to get me back. Part of me thinks he just doesn’t want to be alone.

I also feel strongly about deciding when I die in general. I watched my father die from painful spinal cancer around 2 years ago. I do not want to experience the mental anguish that he did in his inability to decide his own fate. I want to come to terms with my own mortality at my own pace if I can help it.

I think now is around the time to start processing that, with a view to end my life this year. I did have the end of April as an end goal so that I could reach 24 and have one final birthday with everyone I love. I want to gradually say goodbye in my own way to everyone and be at peace with it. I want some meaningful conversations with little cousins to occur naturally so that I can instil a bit of the wisdom I did learn in my short life and function as a bit of hope when they know that I am gone. Life can be so cruel and experiences can chew you up and spit you out until you have nothing left in your own self to want to live for. I would never want anyone to hurt inside like I do but I must do the right thing.

I am definitely going to do this. There is no question about it so please don’t leave messages trying to convince me otherwise. What you all do is amazing, but I am here seeking respect for my decision. That would be the best help and support from this wonderful community that I could receive. I know a lot of you understand and that understanding is rare. I need that so I can contentedly go rather than angrily. I have a funeral fund set aside to cover costs, and have a letter of instruction written for my brother in law, who is a funeral director. I am not scared to die. And I hope that my loved ones will understand. I just wish that I could see into the future to know that my love will be cared for. I am certain that this will be the kick that he needs to become the person that he wants to be and that in years to come he will be happier for this. P, if you are reading this, know that I am grateful for all of your love and everything that you have done for me. You are brilliant and I will be rooting for you as hard in the next life as I have in this one that we have shared xxx