my aunt and uncle kicked me out of their house because i’m suicidal.so a bit of a backstory (not too much but enough to understand the situation)  i’m 17. i’ve been hospitalized multiple times for suicidal thoughts and i’ve been on over a dozen different medications to try and suppress these thoughts. a few months ago i got taken off medication to get a baseline on my mental health. i had no choice but to move in with my uncle and aunt (as my parents were not financially or mentally well enough to care for me anymore) and i stayed with my them for 3 months. i assumed they knew about my mental health issues, as at first i was diagnosed with manic depressive disorder and then bipolar depressive disorder a while ago and they were notified, my uncle even made medication suggestions as bipolar disorder runs in our family, and my uncle left me notes when i was in the mental hospital. i think it was only common sense to assume they knew what they were taking in. even a few weeks after i moved in with them, i told them i want to go back on medication because i was starting to feel depressed again. they blew me off and told me i don’t need it.

recently i’ve been very depressed. extremely suicidal and unmotivated. it didn’t help when my uncle began to criticize me for it, insulting me and yelling at me to the point where i broke into tears. sunday night i cut myself. deeper and more than i have before. i used it as punishment. 

the next day i went to therapy, and i told my therapist i’ve been feeling depressed. she dug a little, and got me to tell her how i hurt myself and where. she called my uncle, and when i got home from therapy, my uncle and aunt immediately dragged me into a private room and tore into me. 

they rarely even give me a chance to talk. when they did, they screamed “do you understand?!” and it made me feel horrible. they said things like “we can’t have this kind of liability on our hands.” and “we can’t have someone like you around our children” and “i was never like this when i was a teenager. you’re faking it for attention” and many other things i tried to block out. they told me to pack my things, because i had to leave. they watched me like a hawk for the next half an hour while i packed, even staring at me with numb eyes as i had a mental breakdown and fell onto the floor weeping. so, not even two hours after i got home from therapy, my stuff was in the car and they were driving me to my grandmothers house. 

i don’t think i can ever trust them again. i don’t think i can ever look them in the eyes again. i trusted them to help me, and i feel so betrayed, hurt, and i feel like an object to take care of instead of a human being who just needs some compassion. if anything, going through that made me even more suicidal than i already was. i just feel so worthless.