Nowhere left to turn.I’m 27 years old and live in the US. I’ve been with my SO for 8 years this month, and apart from her I don’t really know if anything would have kept me alive this long. I dropped out of college when I was 20, after having to work long hours with two jobs and fighting a constant battle with anxiety and depression, thinking maybe I just needed a break from the stress, but after the past 7 years of working low wage jobs, living check to check and constantly under threat of being homeless, I realized in a dream last night that it probably was my only chance to do any better for myself.  I’ve made mistakes like anyone else, but have always been able to somehow recover to make more. Things weren’t going so well financially before this pandemic, but we were making due. We both lost our jobs, and were living off the stimulus for the short while it lasted, and fell behind on many bills, the most important of which being a month and a half’s worth of rent, and a couple worth of electricity. Luckily they passed a mandate not allowing eviction, which expires this month. When they prematurely opened everything back up, my SO got a new job, but I’ve had no such luck and have been trying to use DoorDash to make ends meet, but as anyone who has worked a gig will tell you, it alone doesn’t suffice, and beyond that, our vehicle is 26 years old, and hardly wants to start anymore. I just dropped over $700 into keeping it running last month instead of catching up on those bills, so we could continue working. My electricity almost got cut last week, but I managed to find a payment plan to buy us another two weeks. Then the eviction notices started coming. We live in a low end apartment, and I’m sure they’ve had this goal in mind for awhile now and are delighted at the green light to take everything left from us that we haven’t pawned...I’m only out a couple thousand, which may not seem like much to many of you, but it’s literally our entire lives hanging in the balance now. I don’t know what to do. I feel so weak, and like I’ve failed her even more than myself, and although she understands and is one of the most loving people I’ve ever met, I feel like I’m just dragging her down at this point. Even if I were to get a good job today, it would be too late. I have no credit so loans aren’t even close to an option. At first I held out hope for a second stimulus, but anyone will tell you here that you can’t depend on the government for much of anything, let alone actually helping people when they need it. Our elected officials would just call me weak or pathetic if they had the chance, as they like the denounce anyone unlucky enough to be poor. That I’m not working hard enough, or that I’m just a scumbag, a failure. It’s not worth letting that get to me, but this is easily the lowest point of my life. I don’t want to leave her all alone, but I think maybe if I was out of the picture, her family might at least take her in. Mine is worthless, and couldn’t help even if they wanted to, but I don’t want to think about that right now. I’ve been crying in this parking lot all morning, hoping to make $5 or $7 here and there with dashing, while she’s working her ass off to impress her new job. I can’t take it anymore, I’ve got no one left to talk to, and am finally realizing that this time, there won’t be some miracle to save us, we’ve been lucky enough to make it this far. I don’t know how I’m going to do it, but I want to die in a way that I can just disappear, to cause the least amount of emotional pain possible to her. Maybe I can convince her I’m a piece of shit so it won’t hurt as much. I don’t even have a gun anymore, pawned it a couple months ago, and have no idea where to even start. Was hoping I would just get sick and die from lack of healthcare, but I guess working so hard has made me pretty hardy so that doesn’t seem like it’s coming. Not even sure what the point of writing this is, and I know I’m not alone in this disparity, but I’m at the end of the line. I can’t keep composed when I hear her cry, I know there’s nothing I can do but listen. But this is it folks. I hope some of you make it past whatever brought you here, it’s not always fun, but keep fighting til the end. At least I can say I fucking tried...but I give up. I’m sorry.