The man I'm in love with sees no point in lifeSo, the story is complicated and really messed up. I met this guy on an online dating site a couple of months back, and it started of so amazing. We immediately felt this connection and it's been hard to let go. I knew immediately that he had problems. Negative towards himself, feels like everything is his fault, and thinks everyone hates him. Alcoholic. The list goes on. He and his ex of 2 years broke up about 7 or 8 months ago because of something stupid and it was his last straw. He's had a rough life with a shitty deck of cards dealt to him. Abusive, alcoholic mother, wrong group of friends, no real person to be there for him. He's been trying to apologize, not to get back together, but just to apologize since they were a big part of each other's lives. He doesn't know why he keeps purposely fucking things up, he just does knowingly, and can't seem to help it. He broke up with me about a month ago because he thought he was about to end it. He wanted to protect me and hurt me as less a possible, so he broke up with me and acted as if him loving me was not real. He contacted me about two weeks ago apologizing, and owning up to his unhealthy ways, and also how he handled the situation, which was shit. We aren't together but we both can't deny what we have isn't real. However, I'm all he has. I'm the only one there telling him, he deserves to feel better and that he should get help and support from not just me. I can't do everything, no matter how much I love him. For the month that we weren't speaking, I couldn't handle not knowing he was okay, though he had hurt me severely with his actions. Today he called me at 6am, like he randomly does, and I answered of course and he was crying a lot. I asked him to not do anything stupid. He didn't. He waited for me to come over. I'm in bed with him (he's asleep) now after many tears from both him and me, and he's officially calling it quits. I don't know what to do or how to help him. He's promised to not drink and see a therapist, but he falls back on it because it's too hard. He wants the instant results and he doesn't think anyone cares about him. It's painful to see someone you love be so cruel to themselves. I don't know how to help him and I don't to force him to do anything because if he stops talking to me, no one will know if he hurts himself. I'm pretty much lost with how to motivate him and help him and just need a way to reach out to him. He thinks killing himself will prevent him from hurting me or anyone else. 

Sorry for the long story, it's just very complicated and messy but no one deserves to feel like shit when they couldn't control the things that happened to make them this way. Help.