I want to die.I hate how I feel about myself; I loathe my mental abilities; I despise my body. I detest waking up every day and wishing I hadn't. I'm in a constant state of confused fucking panic due to my anxiety and depression that never goes away no matter what the hell I do. I shun myself due to my ability to lie to myself every time I say I'll make a change yet never do.    


IDK the last time I felt truly happy. I've lied to people and said how great I feel, but it's never genuine, and lies make everything worse for myself mentally due to my abhorrence for them. I'd love to restart life, but then again to restart, I'd kinda need to have had one in the first place.   


Depression itself is something I've dealt with for my entire life; I got diagnosed at the age of eight. Since then, I've been on a multitude of different antidepressants and seen an abundance of counselors. The problem? Antidepressants never actually helped me; any that did do anything made my depression worse because, of course, medicine for depression has the side effect of fucking depression. Counselors have been less than helpful because, more often then not, their advice is something I could have gotten off of a quick google search, and I swear to god due to how one of them treated me, I'm pretty sure he wanted me to kill myself. I'm sure there are decent counselors out there, but I've not met any yet. I've managed to hold onto and stop my depression from taking over a few times, but it always comes back worse than before, the best I can do is cage it, and eventually it breaks free stronger than it's ever been.  


Death has honestly been happening far too often in my life, and it's incredibly unnerving because I've now come to expect it out of everyone I know. I've lost a lot of people since 2016, I can't say it got progressively worse in terms of who died, but it did get progressively worse number wise. The first death I ever experienced was the death of my crush; then it was the death of my dog a few months after, a year or so later, I lost an online friend to a car crash. Recently, I had three residents at the nursing home I worked at die off, and a highschool friend get killed within a year of graduation due to accidental manslaughter during a stupid party. Lastly, my uncle died due to a motorcycle accident because his dumbass decided to leave the bar drunk late at night and still ride his bike. The thing I hate most about the death of those I love is the fact that it's getting harder to care, there's incredibly little I've felt with the last few deaths, and that terrifies me because they were people I genuinely cared for.  


Anxiety has haunted my entire existence, and due to ADHD and Asperger's feeding it, it's become as big of a life-draining vampire depression is. I hate taking a walk if there are a few people outside, I can't go into diners if it's crowded with people I don't know, and job interviews are always fucking flunked due to my presentation at the moment. This has seriously fucked with everything in my life, and it only begins to go away when depression's horrible enough for me to not fucking notice it.    


Really recently, I learned that my best friend stopped caring for me. Life's just a constant downward spiral of fuck ups. Learning that my best friend never truly cared broke the camels back, for the first time in a long time, I truly want to kill myself. They were one of the only things keeping me together. In a world filled with tragedy, they were my light, but then I find out that even the light of my life doesn't give a fuck for me.