She said it will be my fault next timeMy sister tried to kill herself on Friday. She is a few states away from me and going through a hard separation from her abusive POS husband (that she doesn't want to leave?) 
I had just sent her photos of a mask I made her. She replied that she loved it and not ten minutes later, I hear her on the phone with our mother saying she is going to kill herself. She had already taken pills and said she was going to a hotel to take more pills. We pleaded with her desperately. She wouldn't listen to us and repeatedly hung up on us. I tried to get information from her POS husband, but he ignored me because he's a POS. 
I ended up calling on family members to try to contact her to tell her that they love her. Which they did. 
She called me and said that I've humiliated her and that now she was definitely going to HAVE to kill herself because I put pressure on her to do it. She said that if I knew anything about suicide prevention I'd know that and that I was doing it all wrong. 
Eventually one or our family members I reached out to called the police and we eventually found out where she was from her in laws that she was in the same hotel as her POS spouse (just a different room) and she was taken to a hospital overnight. 
The next day, she called me just to tell me that I failed her. That I didn't prevent her suicide, and that she was still going to do it and that she wouldn't tell anyone next time. She also said next time she does it would be my fault for humiliating her and getting other people who "don't love" her involved. She also insulted my appearance, weight, and learning disabilities. 
This was her third attempt at sucide. I'm at my wit's end. She can't stand being abused, but can't seem to leave her abuser. She absolutely refuses help and lashes out at anyone who attempts to help her.
She's in pain I know she is but I don't know what to do. Listening isn't enough. I'm not good with words and she'll often explode at me if is say or don't say what she expects to hear. 
She also won't stop calling her POS husband to the point that is pure harassment. 
She doesn't want to move. She doesn't want to seek help or therapy where she says they'll "torture" her. 

Did I make things worse by making other family members aware of the situation?