It's been 4 months and I'm done.This is my first time posting on here my boyfriend of almost 3 years basically kill himself about a month and some days ago. He was an alcholic but was the best person ever! We had our downs and there were alot. He was my best friend. This past April we had broken up because things got really bad, i mean like abusive. I was so mad at him for anything drinking and i pushed him constantly about it. It ended up being he hit me and i hit him back sorta. But I was so messed up becaue i didn't know what to do to help, so I had started to self harm again. The thing is I loved him. But when we broke up for like 2 weeks, i slept with someone and he never admitted it but his friends did. We had sorta agreed on sleeping with whoever but coming home to each other. That didn't really work becaue i became so jealous he too. But this last month July I mean, he was off of work. And had time to drink and hang out and i was jealous I couldn't get off at all. But after a week or so. I accepted it and we got good again! I thought it was weird tbat we stopped arguing but i was happy, i thought he was too. He had slowed drinking tremendously and i was so happy but the moment he said he was drinking I got mad and didn't talk to him until the next day. And that's exactly what happened. I didn't come that night and i could have stopped him, he was so mad i didn't come over that night. I had my daughtar and i couldn't she was sleeping already. Not to mention he was drunk so drunk he was slurring his words. I thought this was like any other time he had been completely smashed. It turns out it wasn't. He descied to try and hang himself. I saw him for maybe 10 mins on video chat but he was so drunk. I got irritated but then tried to change his mind ftom being upset to something else. But I had fallen asleep thinking he was sleeping but he hanged himself while i slept. I was the one who found him the next day, i woke up in a panic becsue I felt that he had tried to hurt himself. So I hurried with my things and got thete. It was terrible. I couldn't imagine what was happening. I feel so broken. I've tried to get mediums to talk to him and i feel like that's just wasted money. I just I just want him back. I have no idea what to do without him. I don't want to be alone and very much contemplated leaving. Bit I can't i have a 3 year old who needs me, but I find it hard to even be there for her. I can't pray, i can't accept this. I feel lile a hole is in my heart, i lilterally feep pain. I just want him back. It's not fair. He was so good, me and him brought the worst of each other but also the best! I miss him so much and i don't know what to do. How I place in his family, how to go over there, how to do anything. I'm so miserable and im placing tbis mask on and it's tetribke. I know he had problems but i wish I could have stopped myself ftom getting mad everytime I heard him say he was drinking.  I hate this so much! 

It's been 4 months now and i still don't want to be here, i got a dui the other day. This last month I've been trying to see what the fun in drinking is and I've fucked up. I'm ruining my life staying alive. I'm ruining my daughter's life too. I hate my family so much besides the twins and my daughtar. I want everything to be ok But it's not. Yesterday I tried to kill myself but i couldn't, I'm too scared. I keep making mistake after mistake. Nothing is going right. I miss him so much it feels like just yesterday he was here and all I want is for him to be here witg me. I was not worth staying, no one stays. He was the 1st person I truly fought for and he left me. I don't wanna be here I hate it, i just don't have the guts to kill myself. I'm so pathetic. I'm mad and sad and i don't even know if i die will i see him? There's no answer no solace, I'm so stuck and it's breaking me. I want help but i cant get it bc my ex will try to take my daughtar. She sees me and wants me and i don't know what to do. I'm so lost, i hate this. I hate him but i love him. I'm so broken and i can't be fixrd. I hate it. I just cry and it makes nothing better. I don't want to talk I just want him yo come back and help me. That's all. And I can help him. But he's too happy in heaven and i hate asking him back and kniw it's never happening but i truly wish him back. 