I'm so close to itI'm so close to just ending it. I feel like I have no control over my life. I honestly have a decent life, but I can't stop this constant depression and overall sadness. I have been diagnosed with OCD as well, which just makes everything so much worse. I don't know why I am so close to my breaking point right now, but I am seriously about to do it. I've kind of half-attempted before, I kind of started to take pills but I was stopped by a phone call by my friend. He had no idea what he did or what happened but he honestly saved my life. I'm about to end it though. I just can't stop this, and I just want to get that final rest with death. I'm not afraid of death. Not even slightly. They say everyone's afraid of death, but I want it so bad. I wish I'd just die in my sleep or something. I know there's something within me that wants me not to, that's why I'm posting this, but the side that wants me to is winning, and if something doesn't change, tonight will be my last night alive.

I am a teenager and have spoken to my parents about this. This seems so childish, but I always seem to want someone to help me but when people try to talk to me about it or I go to therapy, I close myself off and I can't talk about what's really causing me all this pain. I can't talk to people about it. It almost seems better when no one talks to me about it, but then there are nights like these where I am close. I've never felt this way before. I'm so close to just ending it. I do have a plan. I would do it via overdose. I'm so fucking close. I don't even know why I'm posting this, since I'm convinced tonight is the night. I don't even know what I'm looking for when it comes to responses. I don't even think anyone will respond. I guess I'm just sharing my story, so maybe when I end it someone will know. It hurts to know that thousands of people feel this way, though. I just wish there was something actually reliable to help this. Nothing seems to help though. I just want to die. I just want to go away. I'm so sorry for this long post and I don't know who will read it or what I even want people to respond with, or what I'm looking for, but I at least want someone to know about me before I die. Thank you for reading. 