im fucking doneeverything pisses me off, every fucking thing

you breathe? im going to rip your head off. you talk? im going to rip your head off

"OH shes too narcissistic to do anything awuuu wu wu ;'(((( shes just seeking attention"

YEAH BITCH im sorry for fucking opening up about the way i feel IM SORRY i dont control these stupid fucking feelings that drive me insane since FIRST FUCKING GRADE

im tired of fucking crying over people not answering me. im so fucking tired of hearing " you should be more empathetic, maybe theyre going through a lot?" PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP

i know they aint answering me because of that, but because im annoying and too clingy. yet i still let it go because i just love you so fucking much ahhahah 

atleast you cunts couldve had your mouths shut and didnt say any nice thing about me, because goddamn that one of the best examples of fake hope
even when i go through my worst, i always answer them, i always try to help them, i listen to them, i accept their invitations even though i feel terrible and i get nothing in return. i try to open up - downed, i invite them - downed.

holy shit even if they do answer all i get is "mhm" "yeah lol" "yep" "yes" "uh" "no" "bye"

im so fucking tired of it, i swear. there are a thousand more things that drive me insane or make my life harder, but jesus christ this is my breaking point

from absolute SWEETEST ANGELS THAT WOULD SACRIFICE ANYTHING to "im busy, ill ttyl"

next time someone asks me what do i want im going to blow my brains out

am i just fucking asking for too much?

im 99% fuckin sure i aint getting anything from them so i might as well let them to the nicest thing to me

dear you and you and you and you, you know who im talking about. hm hm *coughs* fuck you

might as well fucking do it today. i have no hope and will to live. they were my everything and they suddenly dont talk to me at all. they were the only thing that held me so i wouldnt sink lower and everything was going fine. i was about to get help too

fuck this