Confused and Embarrassed  I've never really been someone who honestly considered suicide and now that I am...it scares me. I know I have so much to live for. I know it will one day get better. I know suicide is never the option. And as a christian (I say this loosely), I know what will become of me if I do choose to kill myself. However, none of that matters to me. I don't care enough to want to wait for it to get better. The hurt isn't worth it.

  I guess I could start with my reasoning. I'm 20 and still living with my mom. I dropped out of community college after completing my first year. And I am slowly losing the person that I care about the most in this life...the one thing I've done right.

  The reason I still live with my mom is because I chose to go to the community college in the small town I live. I dropped out of college after finding out the field I wanted to work in wasn't the one for me. I didn't feel like spending the money when I had no real direction. Now I'm stuck in a dead-end town with no drive to go to the school here and a job that won't lead to anything either. I have thought about moving up north with my two closest friends and going to college with them, but I'm stuck here for the time being because I want to make my relationship work...which leads me to my next point.

 I met my current girlfriend when I was a senior in high school and we have been together since. (A little over two and a half years). It's the perfect relationship and yet it's still slipping away. This is what is hitting me so hard. The nail in the coffin, if you will. We're both extremely happy and yet she still feels like she is losing what we had...what I still have. When I ask her why she is feeling this way she can't give me an answer. That scares me even more. Yet when I tell her that if we do end up breaking up that I will have to completely cut her out of my life, she breaks down. It's like she wants to be with me but she doesn't...and there is nothing I can do. We don't fight. We're happy when we're together. I have no idea why she wants it to end.

  I know all of these reasons are extremely petty. I know things could be MUCH worse. I know people have it much worse. But I don't care...I want to care...but I don't. I know I'm being selfish and am extremely embarrassed for feeling this way. I know killing myself would completely crush the few friends I have as well as my family, but all of that is overshadowed by the extreme amounts of pain and confusion I'm feeling. 

What would you do in my situation?