i posted a few days ago, deleted it, and I'm gonna retry. I am completely human trash, and i want to die.I'm not here for pity points. I'm not here for your 'I'm sorry's' or really anything. I just want to know that I'm not going to make a dumb decision. That I really am human trash.

All I know is that since I've been in elementary I've been a mentally fucked up child. Not only am I a transgender male, but I have possible borderline personality and a lot of other shit.

I'm numb all the time, and when I'm not numb, I'm sad. Scarily sad. I'm not ever happy. I've been dreaming of transitioning for awhile, but my dad won't let me get a job (and since I'm underage it's not like I can just spite him.) It's cause I'm apparently too lazy, and I'm starting to think he's right.

It's just, I don't wanna be here anymore. I've done so much bad, and I don't think I'll ever do any good. All I am is a waste of human. Who's gonna love me when my emotions are all over the place? And now because I know I'm in the wrong body, the entire worlds against me. I bet a few of the people here already want to argue with me, or turn me back just cause they disagree with me.

I'm also setting myself up for financial crisis's. I'm already poor, but paying for hormones or surgery is already gonna add financial strain.

I'll never ever be able to be who I truly am, I'll never be able to get anyone to love me, I'll never have any friends, my family is going to leave me all behind eventually when they learn how fucked I am. No one likes me, no one wants me, no one wants to get to know me.

My only escape is the internet. The community here is so nice. But it will never help me. It won't be enough to change me. I'm clinging on to false hope that things will be okay.

I've become so depressed, so isolated, so lonely that even a small compliment makes my entire day, and I'm scared that it'll become a bad habit that'll make me cling to toxic people. I hate being so vulnerable.

Being so isolated due to COVID-19 has made things worse. I might actually kill myself. I might do something that I'll end up regretting, possibly. So all I want to know is will I really regret it? I don't expect my life to ever turn around. I don't even have a college fund and the university I want to go to is private.

Mind you, this has been ongoing for years. Years of this pain, ever since elementary, and I'm in highschool.

I don't expect to get many responses. I hope you are having a better life then me. If I do end up doing anything, I'll make another post - maybe.

Thank you.