no sympathy or advice  A million people shouting into the darkness of the internet. I thought one of my lasts acts would be to add my voice to the cacophony.
  I think the web will one day become sentient and it will yell at us in a voice that we will hear as a noise at worst and something like whale-song at best; forever unable to decipher its message. But that is not what this is about. It is A reason. Another reason is perhaps that some person might be able to learn from my mistakes.
  Where to begin? A brief history?
  Born to very very christian parents my first memories are from the Ozarks. My father was in a program to become a minister. One day he left and was gone for quite some time. My mother and I, living in a small trailer, began to starve. My father returned with two children, a boy eleven and a girl ten. He had been at Disneyworld for several months with his wealthy mother while we starved and became homeless. The children were from a previous marriage which my mother had no idea even existed.
 My memory goes almost completely blank here for about five years.
 The next memory I have was being raped by the older step-brother when i was about seven-eight? He was sixteen? ish. I have always been physically strong so I managed to (sort of) fight him off. For showing resistance my step siblings sat on me together and methodically broke a couple of my fingers. My memory is vague but I am pretty sure this was not the only incident of this type. 
  We lived in a major city at this time, in the projects. My parents spent most of the time "evangelising" while being unemployed and waiting for assignment to a church. Before to long another child was on the way. My younger brother.
  I spent the next years trying my best to raise my brother while bouncing from place to place. My father was unusually terrible at his job and was fired often and we would end up at a new church. I am not really sure what exactly my parents were doing , but they were never around.
  By the age of fourteen I was almost employed full-time by having several jobs. The parents were divorced I paid the bills and provided food. I tried to make a decent go at high school. I am strong and pretty athletic so I did well in football for a while. The classroom was another matter. I spent (and still do) most of my time reading anything and everything. The mid-western classrooms were taught to the lowest student. I became bored and quit school to attend dual-credit college classes after a battery of tests.
  I loved academia. I met a girl and fell in love.
  At three and half years it all went wrong. My girl dumped me and my mother thought it would be great to marry some truck-driver and run off leaving my brother to fend for himself. I had to quit school and return home. 
  I became a drug-dealer to survive. I also became quite addicted to heroine. One step ahead of the law one day I had to just vanish. I took my (now almost adult) brother with me. I got clean but not before the poison was fully entrenched with my younger brother. All of his failings I can now take credit for. He struggles to this day with addiction.
  From this time on i have had to work menial off the grid  kind of stuff when I could get work at all. I am not sure of my legal status from so long ago, but I am sure of the mountain of debt I have from student loans and from just trying to get by without support.
  Not very long ago my Younger brother called me and said "I have MS and need help." He has children so I moved in with him to discover that  I can only watch a slow painful death.
  I can imagine a reality with less pain but I can not associate that reality with myself. I have tried professional help, they tell me I am very nearly a sociopath, my capacity for any kind of feeling, with the exception of my younger brother, is just   gone.
 I have a collection of pills that will put me to sleep forever. I will take them very soon. I think this is for the best because what I have become is monstrous. I do not know if this post is interesting even in the slightest, or more importantly helpful to anyone.
 I will be around for any questions for a while and if AT ALL any question would benefit please ask--you literally can't bother me.   