Everything is too hardI can't even motivate myself to play Zelda ffs. I can't leave my bed. I can't do anything right. I plan and plan and plan and then delete everything. I can't handle it all. Sleep. Eat. Exercise. Go outside. Socialize. Study. Read. Draw. Write. Cant. Do. Anything. Fuck off everything. I just stay in bed all day sometimes crying. I can't even go to the grocery store without an hour long panic attack. It takes so much energy to lift my head off my pillow. I'm surprised I'm even able to take a shower every day. But that's about as far as my executive function goes. I sign up for things and never do them, self help panic attack thing, history, algebra course, also have a book or whatever idea, multiple series started,...its funny I thought nerds like me were supposed to do nothing &gt;but &lt; like anime and stuff. I can't even do that. I've literally planned that. Like, "watch x at x time". I can't. Even fucking keep up with little nerd shit that makes me happy. I can't do anything. I need fucking medication, I can barely walk, everything is tiring. Why did I get this low??? How does my mom expect me to go to high school in August when she won't even take me to therapy?? I've been suffering for 2 years. I'm just so done with this life. Even the idea of just thinking about being productive makes me want to cry. Change is scary I fucking hate myself but this is what I'm used to this is what I am. I cantbeven get social support because I'm so pathetic how can I make friends when I'm this low..no hobbies to talk about nothing to do together. It's fucking shitty. Am I going to be like this in my adult hood too?? I was only happy when I was 12 but that was a very good year..3 years ago.. I'll never be that happy again. All my friends from then left me behind but tbh they were actually pretty crappy friends most of them I start to realize but like where do I fucking start god I don't want to die I don't want to, I'm scared, scared of everything, what other choice?? Most questions welcome ah I'm an open book when it comes to me being crappy