I failed.I don't care who sees this anymore, so fuck your alts. I'll probably destroy this account soon anyway.

I'm Leonard. I turned 15 yesterday and have been depressed for 7 years, suicidality coming in about a year or 4 ago. I'm not really lacking anything - I'm smart, in a rich family, etc. But I just can't do it.

In 2004, I first went to school. First year of school was nice. Then the second year came. The school and my teachers slowly noticed I wasnt the usual kid - I could already read at that point, while others were still having trouble saying single letters.

The school didn't enjoy that, and I was labelled "too smart". I was bullied by both the children and yelled at by the teacher, and got really depressed and angry at everything.

Nonetheless, I went to the third year. There, shit didn't improve either. The teacher was a bitch who yelled at me and I just kept spiraling down.

I believe this was when I first started having " suicidal thoughts". Not that I even knew what suicide was back then, I was 6.

I started developing a hobby and passion though - computers. I started making animations and things with PowerPoint, and even got my own Windows 98 computer to fuck around with. Since my teacher didn't know what to do with me, she just let me do shit on the school computer.

The situation got worse and worse and I was taken to another school. This school, over the years, tried to "help" me. 

The only thing I learned was to instead of getting mad, I should keep my thoughts inside me.

i did, and it quickly started to overflow. Suicidality came back, I was bullied, also due to having had a muscle disease and not being able to do sports well, I even boldly attempted to climb out the window once. Then, high school came. (We first have 8 years of primary school, then 4-6 of highschool)

I was given a gymnasium advice and went to a gymnasium-only school. Here, I broke.

(Note: Here in the Netherlands we have different highschool (years 12-18) levels, gymnasium being best)

I got bad grades, was bullied, and contemplated suicide again. I had a single friend, who I am still thankful for. Without him, I wouldn't have been here.

Due to my bad grades and mostly my mom becoming a mayor, I had to move. I lost my last friend, only thing I had left was my computer.

I went to another school to do atheneum (one below gymnasium). Grades were horrible, I contemplated suicide, I was bullied, I was hated. Dropped out again.

This year, redoing atheneum 2. My grades are still shit. I can't get myself to do anything. I'm stuck. I kind of have friends now, but its not helping anymore.

At this point, the only thing keeping me from suicide is an anime and wanting to make a program. My parents don't care if I'm happy. They just care about my grades.

And I failed. I just got my results in and I failed.

After my mom subliminally telling me that I'm a failure if I fail, I can't tell them. I don't want to tell them. I just want to die. I don't want to drop farther down. I don't want to continue. All I do all day is fantasise about someone painlessly killing me to then revive me and give me another chance elsewhere. But it's futile. Fantasies can't save humans. I can't be saved. There is no light. Just death.

Here I am, sitting in the bus, thinking why I didn't go to some remote village and jump in front of a train.

Help.

Even my birthday yesterday didn't cheer me up. It's inevitable anyway. If only I could just die. die. die.

ＨＥＬＰ.