It is a catch 22 to be educated, but then lose your job, and trying to make new forms of income (legally), you apply for what society thinks is lower level jobs, and can't get them?I think a new law of sorts needs to be established, that allows people who had higher level jobs of one sort or another, and then through let's just sum it up to bad luck due to a number of reasons, (either bad economy, the industry had a slow down, i.e. and was laid off) and thus lost that job, and now has to find new ways of making money to pay for living expenses be able to get what society deems as lower level jobs without having to fudge their resume.
This is the because I think I am facing this problem now. I use to be an archaeologist. I graduated in May 2002, and after finishing school from Suny New Paltz I went to Ireland to do a archaeological field school (aka dig) which is like an internship in most of other jobs, because most cultural resource management companies (the main companies in the U.S. that hire archaeologists to do pedestrian survey and field work); require all applicants now to have it under their belt before they can even try to be hired.
Anyway in 2006 after working for these companies for a few years. I got laid off from R.C. Goodwin and Associates, and about a month later I went to graduate school at Ball State University to get my masters.
Anyway long story short. Due to realities I was living with at the time, while I attended graduate school (though I considered this advance work in my field) I technically wasn't making any money. I could afford it for a little bit, because I had saved before, and though I was concerned about making no income, as I said I could afford it, and I justified it by telling myself, that I was finishing a advance degree and that when I finished I would get a better job in my old field to justify the time spent obtaining this extra piece of paper.
Anyway lo and behold, I don't graduate until 2012, due to unforeseen issues with finishing up the final graduation requirements. At this time I am already back home (meaning I had to move back in to old my old home in NYC), and I am in NYC. At this point I have applied to archaeological companies, even ones I worked for in the past, and I never got a response. I called some, but damn did they sound annoyed that I even called inquiring about the resume I sent to them, so I stopped this practice. Anyway I never heard back from any of them, except for one back in 2014, that was going to hire me, but due to the fact that I needed just a few days to get things in NYC settled, (due to the fact that I was working a part time gig job at this time) before I worked for them on another temp job (which was only going to be for about two months), this was too much time on their end to wait for me, so the job got rescinded.
Anyway, main point is so since officially graduating, I have just done part time gig work. It's ok as a job. I am not complaining about the job, but it is not a career, and it is one of these jobs that overtime, I feel they won't want to hire me anymore.
I can't really go back to school again, (since in this country) we charge students to learn a ton of money) before hiring any of them, and yet we live in a time where after paying that ton of money and time, your not guaranteed even a entry level job in the profession you chose to study.
Again I am now trying to move to a more steady job for the time being (as my gig job for a few months) has ended yet again in late April, (well though I worked two weeks ago on another). My main question is this, I have applied to what I deem more regular jobs in the last few weeks as well, but I haven't heard anything from any of them?
Is this because I listed my education, for a cashier job at petco and other similar jobs of this nature which society sees as low level? Even if I smudge it off, what do I say I was doing from 2006 to 2012, sitting on the computer eating bon bons lol. Yeah this was a joke, but I feel I am really in a bind that I can't legally get out of?
I have done other independent work since then too, and hopefully some of it will sell one day, but in the meantime I can't be guaranteed that it will ever make any money?
Furthermore, I have tried to learn new skills, such as java, python (two main programming jobs) since the hell I've been through since graduating from graduate school. Yet these endeavors are not overnight, and in this field things change fast enough, that I am wondering if I am just wasting my time, though I am about to learn HTML 5 too.
I say I wonder if I am wasting my time, because it seems that there was a unwritten law made in our society that the only people who are allowed to start out in a field are those that just turned 18?
Yet when I was 18, (wow that was such a different world) and it really wasn't a million years ago either), but I was as I stated here prepping for a different field so I was not focused on computers. Though sometimes I attack myself (being the gamer that I was) that I never considered that by switching majors to computer science that maybe I could get a job designing games.
I attribute that fault to what I call my generation or at least I had in our thinking which is called linear thinking. This basically just means that when I was starting out in college, it was during a time where so many people (were implied) that going to college for anything would lead to something better, and I think that whatever major you studied was going to lead to a specific job in that specific field for life, or then what was the point of going to college at all?
Anyway if anyone can suggest anything based off what I've said, I'm open and appreciative.
Thanks
