Yet another trans threadI am a woman. I was assigned male at birth. I am transgender.     
I was waiting for a response from the medical organization to schedule with an endocrinologist. I had 2-3 weeks to hear back for scheduling. It was nearly two weeks if waiting. I had done everything I could do to get closer to having hormones prescribed.       
     

I felt so helpless waiting. I also feel slightly rushed- I am 19 and want them ASAP so that my body will feminize effectively. I also am waiting for my therapist to reply to my request for the letter to verify my need for hormone therapy, that way the endocrinologist can prescribe me hormones.       
     

I am having trouble focusing on academic stuff due to Gender Dysphoria, anxiety, and probably SAD. Also I greatly worried about famillial acceptance. This only compounds my stress.       
    

I was in the bathroom so I could cry and not have my roommate notice.
I wanted to kill myself, considered options: shoe lace tied around screw mounted shower bar- could break, might not be effective, living with brain damage would be worse than death. Electrical wires behind wall- probably wrong amperage. Tylenol- heard stories about how tragic it is because most the time it kills your liver, you wake up in the hospital with your family all sad around you and you can't get a transplant and then you die- or something like that. Toilet bowl cleaner (bleach)- I picked it up to see if it could be lethal, saw it had bleach and other stuff, probably would taste bad, might puke it up and be ineffective.       
    

Basically nothing immediately available or near by would be effective.
Also, I would be buried in a suit and it wouldn't be my funeral, but the character I put on for them. Immolation would solve most of that. I don't want them to have a body.        
     

If the method was ineffective, I'd be forced into a mental institution and likely wouldn't get hormones in time, which the wait was the problem that caused me to want to die, so...        
Also my sibling who deals with depression and anxiety has been in a mental institution before for 2 weeks and said it did nothing for them. Luckily they developed their own coping skills.       
     

Luckily I have received an email permitting me to call to schedule an appointment with the endocrinologist.
But what if I have to wait until January. I don't know. I'm not suicidal right now, I have control over my situation, I am able to schedule the endocrinologist visit, I'll probably get blood work done to make sure nothing is going on that would mess with hormones. Presumably that will be soon.
But I still have some waiting to do after that.    
I am seeing my therapist this Monday.
I trust them, but if I talk about this, idk if they will have me institutionalized because in a threat to myself.
I'm conniving and manipulative- if the institution is anything like my siblings, where people managed to smuggle in iPads and other things, I will find a way to kill myself. In fact, I'd view it as a challenge to do it.

So what do? I should tell my therapist, but I really shouldn't. I feel lying through omission is the best route to getting hormones sooner than later.     

Also don't try to make this some deal and link it to trans subs. I'll probably delete if you do. Trans people don't need a daily reminder that other trans people are suicidal.