Ruined my life; don’t see the point of carrying on.A few months before I went to college in 2011, I went to a party, got really drunk and high, and woke up the next morning in bed with a girl I barely knew. I swore off drugs and alcohol afterward.

Fast forward a few months and I’m in college. I’m having a really hard time making friends because I’m a little older than most of my classmates and I don’t drink or use drugs. I get really lonely and depressed and drop out after one semester.

I moved back home, got my old job at a local restaurant back, and decided to start drinking and using again. This marked the beginning of a downward spiral for me.

At first I only drank and used with friends, but as my friends grew up, started careers and families, and stopped drinking and using, I began to drink and use alone. After about a year, I was drinking alone pretty much every night. I tried to kill myself twice in the span of 5 months between 2012 and 2013, which cost me my job. I was unemployed for months and forced to sell my car because I couldn’t make payments anymore. My drinking slowed down during this period, but didn’t stop; as soon as I found another job, I was drinking daily again.

My mom talked me into quitting drinking for a stretch in 2014. I was sober for a few months and then after having “a few” drinks at my sister’s graduation party (which I undoubtedly ruined), I started drinking daily again.

The worst of it came after I became a traffic cop in 2015. The first time I presented evidence in court was against a little old lady. We were last on the docket and I spent most of the day being told that I was a piece of shit because she couldn’t afford to buy food. I practically begged the prosecutor to throw out the ticket (I didn’t want to be responsible for this woman starving), but she wasn’t having it. My drinking went on overdrive after that. At my worst, I was drinking a bottle a day.

I lost my job back in December. Not because of my drinking (although I probably should have, I embarrassed myself in court a couple times by going in still buzzed), but because of budget cuts. I got a severance package and received unemployment benefits.

Now, here I am. 27 years old, unemployed, unable to find a job, maxed out credit cards, and behind on my bills. I think the worst part of this whole ordeal is that, now that I have been sober for a little over a week, I’m exhibiting signs of heart disease and advanced liver disease brought on by drinking.

I’m already dying. I’m might as well just finish myself off.