My Depression has Left me Bedridden. I Constantly Think About Killing Myself. I Need a Place to VentLong post, but I need this. I need to vent.

I am a 20 year old male from America, and nothing in my life is going right. My dog, the largest source of love and affection in my life died last month and it absolutely crushed me. This was just another blow to the depression and suicidal ideation I've been dealing with pretty much since I was 12. Recently I found out I have a disease (non-fatal thankfully) that has been causing me a lot of pain and discomfort, and it has absolutely 0 cures, and once you get your first outbreak, it lasts forever. Great. There are much worse details about it but I don't want to get into it too much. I have also been bedridden for the past year or so, because I just have no motivation in my life, and especially since quarantine, all my classes are online. I have been spending about 95% of my day in my bed, every day of the week, for the past year or so. I have no motivation, my university grades are falling, and I am rotting away from depression. I have no one to vent to, and one of my 2 friends who I did vent to, told me to stop because he couldn't handle it, which honestly I understand even though it sucks for me.

My whole life I have been extremely lonely. My parents are immigrants and all my family is back in Iran, so my parents are the only people I have here. I am an only child, I had 0 friends growing up, my parents are happy with themselves so they never had any friends in America. I don't think I've been over a friends house over 9 times my entire life. I remember in middle and upper school, I would keep my phone in a drawer and check on it about once every 4 months, only to see I missed maybe 2 calls or so. I have never had sex, dated, held hands, done anything with a girl even though I'm one of those people who has wanted a girlfriend since I was literally 3 years old. Because of my loneliness, I remember having extremely intense crushes in high-school, that never amounted to anything, and only led to extreme heartbreak. Because of the climate of the internet, I feel I have to say I harbor no bad views of women because of this, in fact, my best friend who lives in another country, is a woman.

I was always overweight as a kid, which in America wouldn't be a big deal, except of course in my school, there were no other chubby kids because I went to a private school and rich parents don't let their kids gain weight apparently. I actually lost a ton of weight in senior year of high school, and I looked good for once in my life.  In fact, I was very very handsome, but for some reason I become more depressed than ever before. I was bullied as a child as well, and once I graduated high school, I moved across country to college, as if that would change something and I would find friends, but of course, I found absolutely none. 

The reason I believe I became more depressed after I lost weight is because food has been my drug for depression my entire life, and once I took away the drug, the hole in my heart I was trying to fix couldn't be distracted from. I became so depressed, it came to the point of being manic and I would pull out my hairs, my body would shake in bed and I would scream into my pillow. I started taking anti-depressants which I really don't believe in, and they didn't fix my depression, and made me gain a good bit of weight back. Once I started eating more, I ate more and more, and eventually gained 110 pounds, yes 110 pounds back in less than a year because I needed my drug again. I also gain weight very quickly. The senior year in high school, and freshman year in college, where I was skinny, I would eat less than 700 calories a day usually. I've started to diet again recently, but I have a long way to go, and now I am very scared my skin will sag. I am quite tall so my gut isn't massive, but it is large.

There have been several long month periods of my life where I thought of nothing but ways of killing myself. It has affected every portion of my life. I have been failing many of my college classes, and I am just graduating with the easiest major I can get away with. I don't have motivation to even do basic things anymore, and I can't even do the things I enjoy. I would find it extremely difficult to even read 5 pages of a book. I have given up on everything. 

All I want to do is move to the woods, or a farm, and live a natural life. I don't desire nice cars, a big house, fancy clothes. I just want a wife, kids, and a simple life that could have been lived a thousand years ago. I want to live close to nature. My parents being alive is the only thing keeping me from ending it all. 

The part that scares me more than anything is I kind of have a believe or rather an observation that if I cannot picture something, I find it probably won't happen. I can go into this belief later. The thing is, I cannot picture my life in the future, I cannot picture myself growing older, having a family, living my life. It just seems like an absolute fantasy to me. What I can picture however is me slitting my throat the day my parents die.