I made my decision.After 3 months, I have made my decision.

I will no longer continue to live.

It started 3 months ago when I quit my full time job to start doing electrical work for somebody. It didn't work out. He constantly berated me as a human being and told me I was worthless and went back on every single promise that he made when he recruited me. I couldn't receive my last check until I quit, he made sure of that, so i couldn't collect unemployment from him.

So I started being unemployed, and I started selling my possessions to keep my bills paid. My girlfriend was unemployed too, and she slowly started drifting away as she got addicted to Destiny 2 and meeting new people online. I spent maybe an hour with her each day at the best. It's my fault, as usual, because I bought her the game. If I hadn't she would still probably be mine.

I have lived with my mother and my girlfriend. I pay half the rent and utilities each month. Neither my mother or my girlfriend could  offer me any help with the month to month. It's not their fault though.

I've had no luck finding a job in the past 3 months. I tried going back to my full time retail job, but they wouldn't have me. Apparently nobody wants me, as I've applied everywhere; McDonalds, Walmart, Target, Burger King, etc. Plenty of interviews, no actual jobs. 

It kept declining. I kept selling more and more of my possessions, even things given to me by old friends, because I needed to keep paying rent somehow. 

Things started looking up about a week ago. I got a call back to work in a warehouse. $13 an hour, and if I did well enough, it would bring it up to about $17 an hour or so in 3 months if I made sure to be safe and reliable. My girlfriend got a job, working as a security guard soon. It was finally looking like things could turn around.

My car broke down. I need it to get to work. My car has no function at all anymore. The power steering fluid and the radiator have gone. The brakes need to be replaced. The check engine light has been on and won't go away. 

So I decided to try and get a financing loan. It would have worked out great if my mom would co-sign for me, as her credit is great, but no, she didn't want it to affect her credit. Fine. Yesterday, I finally got some financing done at a dealership for a car. A lot more than what I wanted to spend but I could afford it with my girlfriend, who agreed to help pay for it, since she would be using it to, and like I said she got a job too.

Then today. I'm supposed to go get my new car, $400 a month with $280 a  month for insurance. Pricey but again affordable with my girlfriend.

Found plenty of evidence this morning that my girlfriend is cheating on me. She is moving out tonight now. Her choice. She already has a place to go. I wonder with who. Probably her new boyfriend.

So now I'm fucked. I can't afford this car payments, and I already signed everything, but if I disagree to this lease than I won't have a car, and I won't get to work, which means I can't afford anything. It's a catch-22. I can't deal with it. It's all coming at my fast.

My girlfriend cheating and breaking up with me. Car breaking down. Can't get to work without car, can't afford car without work. Can't find any jobs that I could take a taxi too. Can't afford rent if I don't have a job. Can't afford food if I don't have a job.

I've tried to talk to my mother about my depression, and she tells me to get over it. I would try to be admitted to a hospital for this, but I don't have insurance. Life would be easier for everyone if I wasn't in it.

All of my friends have moved away or cut contact. Nobody is there to talk to. They all live in different parts of the country, and I don't want to bother them anymore.

So I have decided, that after I am done writing this message, I'm going to write some stuff down for the people who find me, and I am going to take some pills. I don't want to be on this planet anymore. I can't do anything right and have nothing to live for. I cannot afford anything, I can't keep a job, I can't keep my girlfriend, I can't make my mother happy, I can't get a car, but at least I'll be able to kill myself correctly.

I'm happy I have made this decision. I feel at peace. Nothing will be able to hurt me anymore. I just hope that there isn't a hell. 

I just wanted peace.

It was a pleasure.