Is my roommate depressed and at the stage where I should worry about I'm taking his life?One of my roommates, lets just use Josh, has been a good friend for about a year now. He's a smart quiet guy, a bit weird, and has strange dark sense of humor but nonetheless a great guy. We smoke and drink together and always have had fun. Josh is from a dangerous city and has seen some crazy things before so he's more uptight than our group of friends. We jokingly give him shit about it and he takes it fine.

The past few months he was taking LSD a little too much and sometimes a few times a week. It was very concerning because he didn't act like himself. Coming down from the high always put him in the worst moods and all of our friends could tell. Always talking about how being sober is the worst. He quit LSD but has been taking Xanax everyday for about a week now. Not once a day but three or four. He always says some fucked up shit like "I'm okay not living past 27. Who wants to be married to someone who will become ugly and daily tasks become repetitive." He is notorious for saying random shit like this. It's normal for him to say things like that when we were just joking around. Hopefully I'm wrong but I am getting the vibe that he actually means some of the shit he says now. I've tried to talk him about xanax but hes never sober and doesn't comprehend what my friends and I are saying. I've never criticized what he does because I think some drugs help people have a better view on life. Within the last week Josh did a poor on test, lost his keys, and screwed some things up with a girl. Do you think hes depressed or just addicted to drugs? Either way I want to help him out but not sure what my plan of action should be. 

The most depressing thing he ever said to me was after watching the news about a suicide that happened in our town. He was high when he said it but it was "Only pussies who want attention will talk about committing suicide. People are actually depressed just fucking do it man." Like I said earlier he would say shit like all the time even when sober. 