Was told to post here because I mentioned the word suicide. This post is for older people, not young kids or people in their 20's-30'sIm older than 45

I'll start with this:

I am letting out my frustrations of being silenced and ignored in society.

I like to hold conversations where one person ASKS questions, to gather facts

Versus "advice dumping."

Advice dumping means that the person giving advice doesnt know that the other person has tried, or what the reasons are behind their circumstances.


I got pushed out of my job during covid

I am white and the majority of people i worked with were black

It was a job at a state agency. I never worked in a govt job until then. And it lasted only 6 weeks

I moved South (think GA, TN, AL)

And the racial tension is strong. The whites in some counties called the (town I worked in) as dangerous, crime ridden, dont drive down there at night 

I hold my own opinions

But if whites hold that view about that town then the blacks in that town will know it.

And they may take it out on any white who comes in there, to live or to work

I arrive at the job, ready to begin training with 10 other people in my class who are mostly recent college grads

I have my Masters (degree irrelevent)

I finished our weekly exams in 10 mins and watched others struggle. 

The two black women who sat next to me during training wouldn't give me eye contact. They kept their side profile to me, but never looked at me when I said, "hello, how was your weekend?"

My pay was so low, that I couldn't qualify for any housing. I had initially asked for more but the agency would'nt budge

This State keeps working people, poor

They defund public education

I never went to a public school or State college in my life

But I can see cultural disparities and a lot of anger among the oppressed class

Now I'm being oppressed, and it has kept me homeless. 

A woman has to be married with children to "have value" in the South. You can't be single, ambitious and smart.

If you are middle age like me, you are screwed. They will starve you out of jobs, micromanage you, make you want to quit or fire you for any reason

I can't just get "any job"

I have income needs. 

Most people don't talk numbers and budgets. Many drive uber and do door dash and ignore taxes and spend more than they make. I don't do those kinds of gig jobs. 

I actually want to pay my taxes on time and earn a living wage. 

My income needs are $x,xxx per month

That means I need that much to cover housing, health and bills. 

I can't work a 2nd job anymore 

I'm not eligible for disability. I am very well trained in that and all matters related to insurance. 

I was raised in private schools where I had scholarships, so my older classmates inherited money, live in affluence and the women don't work

I have no one to reach out to at middle age. People my age don't couch surf

That's why I asked at the top, are there ANY middle aged people in this forum or is it all young people?