I don't know what to do.I don't even know why I'm posting here.  Desperation I guess.  I don't know.

I've talked to a lot of people in this subreddit before.  Encouraged them, messaged with them.  I've had a couple people tell me I've saved them.  It feels weird to be posting here myself now, almost hypocritical.  

I'm sorry that it's long and rambly, maybe a little nonsensical or redundant at times.  I can't really think of a TL;DR version if it, and TL;DRs usually can't justify the whole story and all the relevant details anyhow.

Well. 

I lied about a few major things to my boyfriend for over a year.  I don't want to get into what those things were, but the lies were to keep him happy and protect him.  I know I did something awful but my heart was in the right place.  I don't know if that makes it any better.  I'm still a lying piece of shit.  I did it for a reason though.  I didn't want to hurt anyone, and ended up hurting them even more by doing so.

It's all out now.  He says he forgives me, that he still loves me and wants me.  I think he sees that my intentions were good.  He promised he'd always be my friend no matter what, but he's not sure of if he wants to continue a romantic relationship with me or not.

I wish loving me was enough.  I don't really get why it's not.

He still calls me pet names and says sweet things to me.  He still wants sex.  That part can be hard due to being so emotional lately but I enjoy it and it does make me feel a bit better.  Nothing's really that different from when we were labelled as a couple, but just knowing we're not kills.

He keeps telling me to be patient and have faith while he figures things out.  That I need to have hope and we'll take it one day at a time together.  It's next to impossible to keep my chin up when the stakes are so high though.  

He says he *usually* wants to be with me lately, wants to hold me and snuggle me and whatever, but sometimes he feels he doesn't and he doesn't know why.  It's not that something changed, just that he doesn't want it for a bit.  This terrifies me.

Him as my boyfriend was the greatest thing I've ever had.  I have a lot of mental health issues and he's the only person who's ever been able to get through to me.  He's helped me with so much.  He's made me happier than I've ever been, and the thought of being with him forever is something that's always kept me going through really tough times.  He used to talk about wanting those things, being with me forever.  A life together, marriage even.  Being with him forever would make me happier than anything.  The first time he called me his girlfriend was one of the happiest moments of my life.

I can't stay hopeful when the other side of the coin is so horrible though.  He'd still be my friend, yes.  He'd still be there to support me.  All those hopes and plans and dreams of the future are gone though.  I'd be alone.  Even with him still in my life, I'd be losing the greatest thing I've ever had.  It would hurt more than anything.  I'd eventually have to see and hear about him with other girls, which would tear my heart out.

He keeps telling me if it comes to that, he'll support me and I'll be okay.  Yeah.  Maybe "okay", but never the same.  

Being his girlfriend is the only thing in my life I've ever been proud of being.

I told him yesterday it was like walking a tightrope knowing I'm going to fall off one side or another.  One side is beautiful and bright and happy, everything perfect and everything I'd ever wanted, and I'd land on a nice bouncy trampoline and come out not only fine, but great.  Perfect.  The other side is dark, scary, intimidating.  Falling leaves me landing straight on the concrete floor.  Yeah I'd survive, but I'd be seriously hurt and I probably wouldn't come out the same.  It's hard to focus on the bright happy side when the other side is right there, and so scary.

I'm not a very desirable person.  I'm not.  He says I'm beautiful and attractive but I think I look awful.  As I said before I have a lot of mental health issues which leave me unstable, neurotic, afraid.  It's hard to function sometimes.  I'm so extremely lucky to have someone to hold my hand through things, to help me with everything and support me, to take care of me.  Most people would have left a long time ago, or not even bothered with me from the start.  "Don't stick your dick in crazy", blah blah.  I'm too much for most people.  I'm so thankful every single day to have someone willing to push through that because they love me.  I'm afraid that no one ever would again if I lost him.  I'm afraid that even if someone would, I couldn't stand to be with anyone else.

I don't have friends really.  Very disconnected from most of my family.  It sounds lame, maybe unhealthy, but he's all I have.  He's the only one who's ever really cared.

I'm afraid.  So scared of losing the greatest thing I've ever had, scared of how it'll turn out.  I'm scared I can't stand the wait.  Scared of what I'll do to myself.  I'm *really* scared of hearing those words, "I don't think it'll work", and of what will happen if I do hear them.  I know it would hurt him but I don't think I could stand the pain.

I'm afraid of talking to him about it.  I've tried, and I've broken down sobbing every day for days now and he says it makes him feel pressured and guilty.  I don't want him to make a decision on this out of guilt.  I'm trying my hardest to hide my feelings on this around him so I don't bother him or make him feel bad but they keep spilling out and I feel awful.  I have no one else to go to when I need to talk so it's hard when I need to keep things to myself around him.  That's what he's normally there for.  It starts to eat away at me.

I keep telling myself "One day at a time, just take things a day at a time.  Keep your chin up, he'll be there for you."  The bad things keep catching me up though and it's impossible to keep hopeful with those in the back of my mind.

When I'd started typing this I was playing with a pill bottle, about to swallow the whole thing, but he came back and stopped me.  I don't know if he'd be able to stop me next time.  Maybe there won't be a next time.  I don't know.  I'm terrified of the wait though.  I'm terrified of losing the best thing I've ever had.    

I just don't know what to do.

