Cannot take action knowing I will always be mediocre at best.If someone went to Harvard or University of Chicago and I went to X mid tier university, they will have access to better jobs, better networks, better people and therefore will have a better life.

Even if that is not the case, if Harvard Graduate makes $150,000 right out of the gate, they will gain the rewards of that for 40 years of their career while graduate from X mid tier university will spend 10+ years catching up only to get to the $150k while the harvard grad is probably making $250k now. i.e. more opportunities better life.

Even if they make the same amount of money, if one person comes to you and says he graduated from Harvard, Ivy, Stanford, Oxford, you will instantly gain more respect for him and this respect will transition through your entire relationship.

A women will most likely feel that she is selling her life short given all the above to date a man that did not go to an equal or greater university than her own. Therefore going to a mid tier university cancels out all upper tier girls, i.e. access to a better level of happiness.

The people that got into harvard started taking steps to get there at like 3 years old playing violin, 10 years old entering mathematics competitions, 17 years old skipping out on marijuana smoking and drinking. The cards are already played, the good life is unattainable if you didn't start at like 3 years old. There is no fixing it. This is why I cannot play a game that I already no I have no chance at winning at. Not even winning, being at least "of the best". Even then it is impossible because I am 25 and have known this for so many years and have a fucked up resume with depression gaps all throughout it.

Art and music is just a lie created by some larger forces as a consulation prize that seemingly anyone can win at so that more and more of the population do not commit suicide knowing all of the above information that I laid out.

It makes no sense to me how I am supposed to catch up when people started at 3, 10, 17. The future top CEOs are already established at such a young age it literally makes no sense to me why I would do anything.