I've gone from sickeningly happy to so depressed I've rationalized suicide.So recently I was put on some Bi-polar meds along with my two anti-depressants and an anti-anxiety med. I've dealt with and have had depression for many years, and have been on things from zoloft, to viibryd. Currently my wife made me sign a Living Will/prime directive or whatever you want to call it. and a couple days later along with the start of geodon I suddenly and horrendously became afraid of death. Now this is normal for many people I know but this thought, of my death, and its imminence wouldn't go away like most days before the meds. I suddenly became engrossed in the thought. It consumed me and every other thought I had. I was afraid of going to sleep at night for fear of me not waking up. I didn't want to die, not now not ever.

Before you comment "that's not what this board is for" keep reading please. Now ever since the thought has popped into my head and got "stuck" It has become everything and anything that I did. I talked to my therapist about it and she got me more into thinking more about the "Now" and not the "future of what will happen" this and cigarettes helped. I've recently tried to quit with little success since it's something different from my day to day routine. I thrived on each one. and after seeing my therapist again the thought has morphed, "Evolved" I guess you could say. 

The thought that once was just a fear of death and how I didn't want it to happen has become hopelessness, severe and crippling depression. I want to die on a daily basis, I've lost all hope for escaping my work, ever doing anything that will end up making things different. That will make things better. Each day is harder and harder to get up and work for the life that I hope one day will get me and my wife on track. But I've lost all ambition and feel lost in my path to where I can go. I've wanted to get into I.T. but I've never learned coding, there are a multitude of other things I'd like to do or should do to make money for us but have no want to. I have lost all my ambition in life, where before I would of been happy moving up the ranks of my current jobs when possible. Now everything is just a burden and I just want to sleep. I don't eat, bathing is a chore and the thought of working even doing what I love at some point just turns my thoughts to "whats the point, I'm just going to die someday and it will be worth nothing in the end."

I want to be happy with life again, I want to try to get past this and move on to more and challenging things. but I just can't find the point in it. I just think about all the things I'll never get to do, things I will never experience or accomplish and it saddens me that The jobs I am applicable for are merely 9-5s with no movement in sight that would be fulfilling. 

I've thought about trying youtube and twitch, to see if that would change my mindset, doing things that I enjoy, but I also realize my chances of anything coming to fruition from those ideas are extremely slim. So me as I am currently, with no prior experience for college, no real skills to use elsewhere, feel stuck as a security guard until I die. And I want to die daily. I just want this cycle to end so my wife can move on to bigger and better things and people. Not an uneducated, stuck security guard with no more ambition because of a thought that started as a fear of death.

tl;dr: Wife made me sign a advanced directive/DNR/Living will, changed some meds and suddenly I want to die daily. I wish for it. I see no hope in sight for change, and if there is, I see no point in doing so anymore.