I think about how her tender fingers would feel running through my beard sometimesI have the most "neckbeard" of neckbeards, to the point that the rapid growth of it almost never carries over to my mustache. It's still nonexistent. I don't have family from either side that has beard like mine.

But it's okay. My hairy, fat, ugly body will only ever be seen as one of a creepy old loser's. Either the guy who locks women up in his basement or is used a prime example of what they'll never want.

Maybe my rapist is the only person who'll ever like my body. I should just shut up and be thankful that someone got some pleasure out of it. 

I was always teased about my body since I wasn't even a teenager. "I thought you were someone's uncle." "Man-chest-hair United." 

There's no way I could ever get over missing young, high school romance.

Prom doesn't really exist in my country, but we do have ceremonies at school and parties right after.

I'm so heinous that I was left to rot in my own sweat and thoughts on audio duty. When there was already a dedicated guy.

And then I was specifically banned from the party afterwards.

Blessed be those who experienced prom dates.

And this is hardly 1% of why I need to take my own life.

Maybe I should've given into the stereotype of a creep. Maybe if my soul wasn't so broken by my parents. Maybe if my sexuality wasn't so broken by my cousin. I could've known what the teenage movies talk about when they show the fat horny kid.

I have sexual desires no one ever can or will fulfill.

When I turned 18 I did get hookers. I thought either it'll make me comfortable enough with sex that it won't be a big deal and it'll help with the trauma, or it'll make it so I'll realise an apparent mundane quality to it and stop pedestalizing the idea of a romantic, sexual partner.

How blithe of me to forget that my life is just suffering amplified by reminders of what could've healed.

I look like someone who has multiple women trapped in my basement. In another universe, maybe I did.

But as it stands, I just have her trapped in my mind. And the thought of her fingertips on the scars I put on myself when all I wanted was a little stupid love.

But no, it's fair in the end. Not that she, whoever she could be, whatever her name would be, will ever exist, but if she did... If some girl really did actually like me in some romantic capacity...

She deserves someone handsome. No therapist understands that I starve myself for her. Even online ones call it an eating disorder. Like a 280lb ugly mancubus not eating so fucking much is an eating disorder. Sorry to break it to you, but this is a FAR better way of losing weight and taking a tiny step towards being someone she could appreciate, despite that she will never exist, than working out or eating healthy can ever be. At least I gave you the reports from those 2 years so you'd know better than to tell me try again.

It's okay. Once I've finally killed myself, it'll just be another fat neckbeard incel gone from the earth. The only truly worthwhile deed I'll have ever accomplished.