It’s my birthday this coming weekend and I really wish it wasn’t.This is a long, drawn out vent so I appreciate anyone who takes the time to read any of this garbage. 

I’m going to be turning 25 and I’ve been doing a lot of self-reflection on what my life has been up to at this point. Still, after all this time, all I feel is dread and sadness. I feel like my life is just continuing to slip away from me and I’m terrified. I’m already halfway through my 20s for crying out loud and I haven’t accomplished anything even remotely remarkable. People are getting married, starting families. People are traveling and seeing so many amazing places. People have LIVES outside work!

I don’t want to be completely negative; I’m not naïve enough to think that everything is awful. My biggest achievement I’ve done so far is that I’ve finished college and started work as a registered nurse. Was going through orientation just fine, and then Covid hit. They hurried us new grads along and so now, I’ve started my career helping take care of the ICU Covid patients. I’m actively contributing working towards ending this pandemic by helping these people and that does make me happy. No matter how insignificant I might feel, my actions are helping someone and their family at least somewhat. This is something unique that I’m doing that I can say not many other people are doing.

But work can only grant me so much happiness and purpose. I do not have any constant friends or anyone to talk to in my day-to-day life. Everything and everyone I do have is digital; I have basically zero other human contact outside work. The only people I really see are the other people working out when I’m outside running. And I’m not talking to anyone, I’m just running past them with music in my ears. Could I stroke up a conversation? Possibly. But no one is here to talk - just exercise. 

Obviously all this alone time could be blamed on the virus, but even before I wasn’t much of a sociable person, go figure. I don’t and didn’t really go out much or go to restaurants - it’s cheaper and healthier for me to cook and drink at home. Besides, I wouldn’t have anyone to go with and I don’t want to go to a bar alone. I would look so pathetic. Relationship status is nonexistent as well. No one wants to do anything during a pandemic. And even if I get matches, I can’t keep a conversation going. People fall out; schedules don’t add up for dates, etc. Is it me? Is it them? I’ve deleted and redownloaded Tinder so many times at this point thinking it’ll be a different experience each time. I feel like I need to be at least trying though, so that’s why I keep it around. I would be down to meet people at a bar, but I don’t have the confidence to talk to women. I need a wingman or something, not just myself. 

I don’t know. I’ve been alone with my thoughts my entire life. I told myself back in college that if I was still feeling this way when I turned 25, that it was alright to go ahead and get it over with and just kill myself. It’s inevitable anyway. Living this long seemed like a suitable enough time to test the waters and see what it was like when I was finally finished with school and on my own... news flash, it sucks, it really does. 

I *desperately* want human connection, romantic or just otherwise friendly. I want someplace to go to on the weekends with a group of friends that we could all enjoy. I want something as simple as a hobby shared with other people that I could do together. I’ve tried club apps and meetup events in my city for the things that I enjoy - hiking/camping, fishing, reading. Nothing. Especially with Covid. I want to become more spontaneous and less stingy with my money and learn to have more fun doing things. But I’m afraid I’m going to waste it all. I am so hopelessly, disgustingly alone and all I want to do is just go to sleep forever and just say I had a good run and none of this was for me. I’m exhausted. I go to work and I come home. There is no in between. I cannot do this for the rest of my life; I will go insane.