I'm not depressed but I keep thinking of ending it all.11:22pm right now. My parents and 2 of my older brothers just got finished telling me that I have nothing. I'm a failure in school and life. I should just leave and not come back because I'm a disgrace. I have no shame. I have no dignity. I have no life. I dishonored my family. I disrespected my parents. I'm utterly worthless. The list goes on. I'm 20 now and I've been listening to this talk every other day since I was 17 years old.

The straw that broke the camel's back was that I received an F in organic chemistry. I talked with my professor and she says I can retake it for a higher grade. My GPA is okay as in I could probably get into D.O. school if I retake this course. Plus I'm a certified EMT which helps. I go to college for free because of financial aid and stuff and this semester my parents spent ~2k for my MCAT class which has helped me greatly. But now they say that I've wasted that money when in reality it's cheaper than paying for a semester of college like my older brother is making them do for himself. They want me to stop all my MCAT studying and give them an ultimatum by tomorrow morning on what I will do with the rest of my life because my oldest brother is terrific at brainwashing them since he's the obvious favorite that my parents make sure we know. 

I don't know, I'm calm right now but it's so much easier to end everything and seeing as I'm an EMT I know enough to finish everything and stop the stress and disgust I bring to my family. I've been thinking about suicide for a long while now and it is a very calm subject now. Not really fueled by emotion just logic. I don't drink, I smoke cigarettes every now and then because they relax me. I smoke some weed here and there to take a break. Nothing crazy. I talked with one of my friends and he overreacted and tried to cheer me up but it didn't work. You know I really fucked up my life. I think it's a great option to just be done with everything. I just want everything to end. It's not like people will remember an utterly worthless failure like myself. Not like anyone actually knows who I am either. They just see me as that guy who's always calm and relaxed and funny (still can laugh nowadays dunno why if I suck at everything). I'm a hypocrite because I like to really listen to people's problems and help them out and ask for nothing in return because I don't want anything aside from happiness they can't give.

I think this is the right choice. Then no more disrespect. No more dishonor. No more worry for my parents or brothers. They won't have another fuck up in the family. They'll be able to spend their time focusing on my little brother. He'll probably miss me but as he grows up he'll forget too eventually. Thanks for listening. I don't know what to do anymore