I just figured I would put my story here for anyone that needs a bit of encouragement.I'm currently 19 years old. I had a lot of trouble socially in school. Compound that with severe ADHD and you have an environment that is not at all good or enjoyable.

My mother has severe bipolar, and suffers from memory problems because of a failed electroshock therapy treatment. She's extremely unlikely to recover. My mother and father divorced when I was four, and my father beat me every other weekend at his house until I was 12, when I finally told my mother and she went to court with him about it.

We're not rich. We get by because we have a supportive family, but we're not privy to many of the creature comforts and entertainment that average income families enjoy.

Anyways, that's not the part of what I'm spilling out that matters, so I'll get to it.

When I turned 13 and entered high school, I began to gain weight. I did poorly in my classes and didn't have anything like a social circle to call on for support. I was currently having to deal with an aunt and uncle that would frequently come over to my house and yell at my mother about various things they had decided she should do, and generally trying to control her life. They manipulated me into convincing her to temporarily commit herself to a mental institution, and various other pretty ridiculous things.

I gained weight the farther I went through high school. My depression worsened the more weight I gained, and my weight gain worsened as my depression did. It got to the point where I spent strings of days considering suicide, and a few days setting up to do it. I never convinced myself to take the final leap and actually do it, though.

After five years of this cycle, I was 370lbs. I'm 6' 4". I spent entire days sleeping, and often wouldn't even get out of bed. I felt dead inside. Nothing was stimulating. I felt like I wasn't even capable of basic tasks. I told everyone it was my ADHD but the fact that I was using ADHD as a crutch to try to move blame off myself and simultaneously hide my depression just made it worse.

Last March, I was experiencing severe chest pain. One day it hurt so much I actually thought I was having a heart attack. For a while I sat there and waited to die, but it went away. Turns out it was just one of the many aches and pains you get from being grossly overweight. Through the entire process, though, my mind was swimming through what would happen if I had died.

My mother would be supremely grief-stricken. I couldn't imagine how bad my brother and mother would feel if I died. I started to think about the very few friends I had, and how they would feel if I died. I started thinking about the things I had used to want to do with my life. I'd wanted to become a journalist and travel the world. I wanted to write articles about corruption, or politics, or technology.

I didn't want any of these things anymore, and I hadn't for years. I didn't want much of anything. As I said earlier, I felt empty.

While I was lying there, thinking about dying, I wondered why I didn't feel that way anymore. I spent a long time pondering it, probably hours. In the end, I couldn't think of a reason. I couldn't find a point where I had suddenly just become disinterested in living. It was something that had wormed its way into my head over a long period of time.

The next day, I got out of bed for the first time (except to use the bathroom) in fifteen days. My mom drove me to the high school, and I dropped out on the spot. I told her I would walk home on my own. I explained my reason for dropping out to the vice principal, took my empty backpack out of my locker, and left.

Walking home was the first time I had done anything physically exerting in almost six weeks. By the time I arrived home, I was covered in sweat, completely exhausted, and could barely stand. I went up to my room, laid down on my bed, and went to sleep.

When I woke up the next morning, I forced myself to get out of bed. I went into the bathroom and looked at myself naked in the mirror. I was unbelievably overweight. I hadn't showered in almost a month. My hair was 14 inches long.

If you ask me why I decided to now, I couldn't tell you, but I went out to my mother after my shower and told her I needed to go get a haircut. She drove me to the hairdresser's and dropped me off.

I spoke with the hairdresser (my first contact with a person other than my mother and brother in almost two months). For some reason, the topic of school came up. I told her I had just dropped out the day before. When she asked me why, I told her that I was depressed. I ended up crying right in the middle of the hairdresser's.

But, for the first time, I felt good. Rather than feeling like a husk of a person, I was actually moved to an emotion other than total apathy and resignation. When I was done crying, she got me tissues and finished with my haircut. It clicked in my head just how overweight I really was.

It was at that moment that I decided that what I had become was unacceptable. I was done feeling sorry for myself, for a problem that I had created, and swore that if I killed myself, I would at least be skinny when I did it.

I went home and spent the next month doing nothing but reading about weight loss. Shitty Chapters shelf-fillers, medical papers, studies... For the first time in years, I had a goal, and I felt stimulated.

The next month, I finally started.

Today, I weigh 290lbs. I've lost 80lbs in a year. In that time, as I began to feel better, I started making appointments with my doctor and a psychiatrist. I started on an antidepressant as I forced myself to rebuild my social life and do things daily, even if I didn't want to. Bit by bit, I feel like I'm closer and closer to becoming a fully functional human being.

I still have bad days. I have a lot of them. I still have REALLY bad days. I still have days where I sit and ponder suicide. But, on the whole, I feel much better. I wrote a letter to my entire family explaining what I've been doing the past year, my depression, and my weight loss. I've come to the decision that, no matter what, I'm not going to kill myself. There are too many things a human being can do in their lives that are exciting and scary and fun and boring. I've found out that it is possible to stop feeling like I do, and that I'm slowly beginning to enjoy things again.

It takes a lot of work, but I think it's possible for everyone to climb out of it. It's certainly not easy, but the fact that it's possible means that I'm going to push myself towards the top of it until I either find myself on solid ground, or I die of exhaustion trying to get there.



This post ended up being a lot longer than I thought it would be. It's certainly not as coherent as I thought it would be when I finished either. I apologize about that. However, if you did bother to read all the way to this paragraph, I hope it at least made sense.