You can have whatever you like. Just don't kill yourself.I think at like the age of nine, when you lose all your innocence, someone should hand kids cards that says: Welcome to life. It sucks. People are stupid and they make mistakes; don't worry you'll be fucking up too.

If you are lucky, you might be able to reach the age of 19, and oh you know all those drugs and sex that will be fun to try later on? They'll be complicated and won't be enough to satisfy your desires. Who the fuck knows where your life will be at that age, heck no one really ever gets to know where they'll be in the future. 

So all those expectations? Just lose em. Have as much fun as you can. Love your friends, your family, and as many strangers as you can. Be the best person you feel you can be, and just treat people how you want to be treated. Learn from as many mistakes you make. If you believe in some sort of god or maybe even an atheist, it doesn't matter they're all the same (atheists just believe in one less gods than everyone else), then make sure that you + god = good works. (or at least you = good works). Avoid fucked up people as much as possible. Avoid all drama and distractions when possible. If you can, forgive as many people as possible, and avoid being selfish and wasting your time feeling like a victim. 


You only have one life. After you're dead, you're nothing. You won't go to heaven. There won't be a hell. There won't be anything for you. There is only today. And today might even be the last of it. All that heaven bullshit ain't good enough. And as awesome as it might see to see the people you hate go to hell, you're only wasting your time hating them now and wasting your time wishing them hell. Karma's a bitch, don't worry it will catch up to them.


Live your life, and if you're not happy with what your doing then don't be afraid of starting all over again. Suicide is also stupid. Everyone thinks about it. Everyone gets to that point when they get all pissed and alone. Don't be like everyone; be you. Be happy being you, and don't let circumstances or people define you and your happiness. 


Happiness might be a futile pursuit at times, but it's better than wallowing in sadness and being like everyone posting fml facebook status updates. Don't be afraid to ask for help, sometimes a hug or conversation helps. And if all the world feels too heavy on your shoulders, then stop and just breathe. Take a break from all that worry, sleep early, wake up early, and start the day all over again. You want to live. Then just live, accept the suckiness of it all, and just enjoy the little things. Sometimes, that's all you've got.

[short response to a friend. edited to fit in forgotten things]