(26yr male) Post SSRI Emotional Numbness, PSSDAbout four years ago I was forced by my mom to go to the psych ward because she couldn’t handle my anxiety, which I only had for a few months becaus of university stress. They put me on Zoloft and when I went home my mom manipulated me into believing it was good for me even though I did not want to be on it. Thus, I stayed on it until late last year. Since then I have had near zero emotional range and severe PSSD (no libido, no natural erections, no feeling during orgasm). I also can’t sleep very well and when I inevitably wake up, I feel so uncomfortable I pace. I was never like this prior to the medication, in fact I had no history of anxiety or mental issues prior to the university induced anxiety. 

There is little to no information online about solutions to emotional emptiness and PSSD. I barely get through the day and consider suicide often. In high school I graduated with top honours and was a very emotionally connected person, now I can barely work or function as I have no emotions (ex interest, motivation, happiness, sadness, regret, excitement, anticipation, etc). I have zero interest in living since I have near zero emotional range, plus my PSSD just seals the deal.

I’ve read extensively on the long term effects of SSRIs on brain cells, Serotonin/Dopamine levels, etc. I’ve read the abstracts of studies, reports from people with similar issues, etc. Ive probably put over a hundred hours into research and there’s no known true solutions to the spectrum of issues I can find that gives me any hope.

I just want to die and get it over with already. This is chemically induced emotional and sexual castration. I should’ve never been on these pills and I stupidly continued to take them despite not having any issues past that brief phase. I also developed a drinking problem thats probably given me brain damage — 5 to 10 beers a night over four years, I stopped recently but I can tell there’s damage to cognitive functions, especially memory and focus.

The medication made me into a completely different person and slowly took my emotional range and libido. It’s been almost a year being off Zoloft and no improvements. I want to die. 