I'm so so sorry. Please don't bother yourself to read this.Please don't feel obligated to read this. I'm not sure why I am even submitting this, I really hate to even bother anybody with my feelings like this.



This is probably going to sound like a bunch of rambling right now, I'm sure in part due to the fact that I'm drunk currently. Long story short: (I'll elaborate more soon but I feel like having the TL;DR in the beginning) I've wanted to kill myself for a long time, and I think about it every day. I've decided tonight, with what feels like a strange clarity of mind, that I will certainly take my own life, not tonight, but in the near future.

To elaborate:


For several years now, I realize that I've had a desire to end my own life, and now at this time, I have the most solid plan to do this than I ever have. I took out a life insurance policy out for ~60K on myself a while back, and I don't have many more months until the suicide clause expires on it. This amount should pay my debts and any (very minor) funeral expenses, although I don't want a funeral, I just want my corpse dumped somewhere that can either make use of it (like a body farm) or a place that will take very little money to dispose of this body. I know that I will make everyone I know's lives better when I'm dead, because I'm such a burden on them for even existing that logically I will only help once I'm dead. Since I've graduated high school in 2011, I've only made my life even worse with my crippling depression and anxiety, but I've also made the lives of several of my friends more difficult and inconvenient. I've ruined at least three romantic relationships with my mental health issues that I was too selfish to not keep to myself, and I'm at the lowest point I've ever been in life. Because of this, the only way I can see to make amends for the wrongs I've done to people in my life is to make sure I never do anything wrong and kill myself. They'll get over it quickly and I'll make sure the money is available to settle any outstanding debts. For anyone reading this I'm very, very sorry to have wasted your time. I don't know why I felt like typing this out in the first place. I hope everyone has a good day/evening. I'm sorry. 