How to safely break up with a suicidal partner?My girlfriend and I have been dating for 3 years, and in that time she has made two suicide attempts where I had to be the one to call the police or, in one case, wrestle a knife out of her grasp. She has also seemingly weaponized self-harm against me, cutting herself whenever we have even small arguments despite my best efforts to stop her. She's being treated for depression and anxiety currently, taking several medications.

Our relationship I thought was pretty good until it came out she has been cheating on me. That was an argument that led to attempt #2. I was willing to try and move past it, but my reasonable requests (such as blocking contact with the guy she cheated with and avoiding being in groups with him) were met with more arguments and get self-harming. This was the eye opener because she actually blamed me that time for her cutting herself, saying I brought up the fact that she lied about blocking the guy "too late at night" for her to handle.

At this point I'm pretty much done with the relationship, but I don't want her to be in a dangerous position after I break the news to her. It may be crazy, but I still care for her and don't want to see her end up dead or further mutilating herself on account of me breaking up with her.

I've considered scheduling an appointment with a psychologist for "couples therapy" for the two of us and telling her there, but I don't know that any psychologist would agree to that kind of meeting if they knew I just wanted to use it to break up (potentially big liability on their part if she did do something after leaving the appointment). I also have considered calling the police for a wellness check on her once I'm done, but I don't want her to be able to claim I'm harassing her and go after me after the break up if she wasn't doing anything when the police arrived.

Of the two I'm leaning towards the wellness check option, but if there's a better way I'm all ears. I just want to be out of the relationship while making sure she's still safe.