My goodbyeI’ve thought about this for awhile now and I just need help on how To end it.

I never thought I would be one of the people that would end up writings these.

I’ve came to the conclusion that I’m never gonna be shit 

My mom says it to me, my teachers have said it damn even a homeless man said it to me. 
I don’t know I just don’t feel loved. I never felt the love and I don’t think I ever will.
I’ve been getting kicked out the house since I turned 15. I just don’t feel the love. My mom is a miserable neat freak that acts bipolar and likes to worry about the little things to avoid bigger things in her life...I try and stay out late as possible so I don’t have to hear the regret in my mothers voice I’m not writing this letter to make people feel bad for me. I’m writing this letter because you could never truthfully know what goes on at home. Just a simple bit of love and affection could go along way. Sorry I didn’t make smarter decisions but I’m not sorry for having to get high and drink to feel okay and loved... you know I might as well tell you one of my deepest secrets I’ve never been ables to tell Someone I love them. I think that shit is fake... I wish that everyone I was close with live a long, prosperous, healthy and loving life....
At one point I tried to better myself be more positive and show sympathy for others and I did just that people started to ask me why was I so positive and happy through the negatives and it was that I started to hate myself I started to feel miserable and disgusted of myself and it made me change how I seen myself then one day I posted a YOLO and I instantly started to get so much hate I never thought I would see the day where being nice and polite to people would would bring out the worst i someone I thought if I gave out love and kindness to others that I would receive nothing but the same back it turned out I was wrong and that’s how ended up here... and my mother is a manipulator she is not as innocent as she seems she claims to be a saint but talks down on all of her kids, her friends and family right behind closed doors.....



      -sincerely Damein Bernard Johnson