Everything is falling apart and I'm done.I fucking hate this stupid person that I am. I cannot do anything. Everything in my life is falling apart and I don't understand why people can't see that it would be better for me to just not be in this reality anymore.

No one understands. No one can possibly understand what it feels like to be such a shitty person.

I can't pay my bills. I can't pay for anything. I owe my therapist over a grand and my p-doc over two grand.

I found out that my car isn't registered anymore about a month ago when I was pulled over for having a headlight out. That meant a mandatory court appearance. What did this piece of shit person do? He hid in bed. I fucking missed my court appearance simply because I was too scared about what would happen. Now my license has been suspended and there is a bench warrant out for my arrest. I don't have the money to register my car. My account is a thousand in the negative.

My molar broke when I was chewing on something crunchy about five months ago. It just caved in and half the tooth is gone. I was able to get to the dentist once, but my insurance refused to cover it and will definitely not cover the root-canal that the dentist said I needed. It also fucking hurts. My whole face hurts.

Yesterday, I came home from work and my electricity had been cut off due to non-payment. My roommates are fucking livid with me. After all, they have been keeping up with payments to me. It is all my fault. It's cold and our heater requires electricity to run. What a piece of shit I am.

I can't do anything at work. I mean I am totally paralyzed. The only way I get things done is if I have an authority figure breathing down my neck for it. I am late on doing everything. I can't work on things until the very last minute when the stress of being a shitty person and the fear of being judged finally are able to overcome the paralysis. Why haven't they fired me yet? I don't understand. I can only assume that my boss is taking pity on me. I am a fucking shitty person and I don't deserve pity.

I haven't been able to enjoy music for over two years now. I can't explain how excruciating this is. Music was the only part of life that I thought could never be fucked up. But, I don't like it anymore. I don't like any music. To be honest, I don't care about anything except ending this suffering.

I have become a hermit. I haven't seen any of my close friends for a long time. Human contact is, perhaps, the most painful experience for me. I have nothing to say. I can't hold a conversation. There's no reason for anyone to continue being my friend. I am a shitty friend. I can't even return texts that I get which say nice things. I fucking hate myself.

I can't move around. I used to be pretty active. I cycled a lot. I used to snowboard a lot. I feel like my body is failing me now. I dread getting up even to go to the bathroom. My legs used to be sufficient. Now, I feel weak and I seem to have lost a lot of my sense of balance. I lose my balance a lot. I don't know why.

On Monday, I have an appointment with my state's most successful ECT clinic. I am terrified. I know I will be in the fifty percent of people who don't experience any relief from it. I don't know how I will be able to work without short-term memory, and I don't know how I can pay for anything if I have no insurance because I'm not working. Everything is a catch-22. Everything requires that you be a functional member of society, which I am not.

Maybe after the ECT fails, people will understand that I am a lost cause. It would be better for me to die so that everyone else can get on with their lives.

I am a leech. I am a giant piece of shit. I don't ever deserve to have anything good because I am a bad person.

Please, universe, please. Just let me die. Please. No one will ever understand.