NSFW I can't survive these memories.The night before I went to the doctor frantically asking her about emergency contraception, I treasured your scent on my body. I pulled off my sweater, thinking about how you had helped me pull it off earlier, along with my pants, shoes, socks. I'd never worn pants around you before. It was like a casual date. For real that time, although it was brief. You were probably already naked by the time you were undressing me. Did I ever get to slide your pants off? I think not. You were always so eager.

Your scent lingered on my sweater, from when you climbed up to straddle my chest, sliding your magnificent cock between my lips. I loved how you pinned my arms down with your legs and let me pleasure you. Filth with you was not filth. It was accepting and being accepted. Openness. I wanted to please you always.

Your scent. I loved it so much. If I had to die alone, I wish I still had a bit of your scent. I wish I could have laid my head on your chest and closed my eyes for good.

I held that sweater close and inhaled deeply. And then I realized that naturally your scent was imbedded in the fabric because your mark was on my chest. I hugged a pillow to my chest that night, that later I'd hug the next night, after your scent impregnated the pillow, too. I never slept hugging a pillow to my chest until I met you. Until I loved you.

I laid there with a little of your sperm inside me, hugging your scent to my chest. My heart was breaking.

You apologized to me the next time, the last time we coupled. You said you wish you'd been able to be there for me. I wonder what you were thinking about that night when I was crying. You also told me you were relieved. I wanted to tell you that I loved you and how much it hurt. That night I let you come in me, too. I loved you. Did you know?

What a birthday. What a birthday. Having a metal coil shoved into my uterus to kill the sperm of the only man I've ever loved. I cried on the table and sang Sinatra songs gently to myself. I thought about your wife glowing when you took root in her. The joy it's supposed to bring. The joy that wasn't for me.

I loved you.  
I wasn't supposed to. But my feelings were pure.

It had been so good that time. Even better than usual. Transcendent. Somehow transcendent because of the mundanity. The simple happiness in your face after we played Luigi's Mansion like goofballs, when you abruptly turned to me and asked, "OK, you wanna go have sex?". Of course.

I'd already met someone else by then, I think, because I was afraid of being close to you, but when you started thrusting into me, after what felt like far too long a wait, and you impetuously yelled, "I own that fucking pussy," I just melted and I wanted to tell you that you did. You really did.

Jesus fucking christ, what's wrong with me? What's wrong with you?

Why did you only love me a little?  
If you did at all.

Why does it still hurt so badly?

Why are you such a good man, except when you're not? Why can't I just feel sorry for your wife? Why don't I feel like I've dodged a bullet? Why do I still wish you had loved me? Why do I still feel like I'm being ripped apart because I'll never see you again?

Why do I regret getting the IUD?

Why do I want to be back there?

I hugged that pillow so tightly every night until your scent faded from it.

I fell asleep last night thinking that I wish I could have seen you one last time. So that I could have really made love to you. Is that why you ran away? Did you feel it somehow? Did you maybe even want to make love to me? Realized you couldn't go there?

If I saw you again now I think I'd be struck dead. It's OK. You never want to see me again.

I'm writing this listening to the rain, and listening to my boyfriend reminisce with his family about his grandfather who just passed.

Your mother is dying.

I'm alone. Ive always been alone. I don't have a family like you two. I never will.

Maybe it's not about you at all. Maybe I miss you so much because I've been so alone. Because I want to be in a world like yours. A world with a family. It's a completely different world.

Anchorless. Drifting. No where to go back. No one waiting ahead.

All I know is that I miss you. I don't think I can recover from this hurt. I'd never been with someone I couldn't imagine letting go. I'd never been with anyone who I could imagine creating a life with.

I can't forget how you touched my face softly and came inside me.

When i met you, I really believed I was dying.

Why am I still here? Why was I ever born at all?

Alone for so long. I'll never find where I'm supposed to be. Because I'm not supposed to be anywhere.

And even good men can cause worlds of pain. I'd imagine. I don't know. I don't have the good fortune of being your deceived wife. Of being important enough for you to try to hold onto, even after you betrayed her. Anyone I find is bound to hurt me, too.

I loved you.

I'm so sad and so sick. And I may have hurt you. And I can't even apologize. I don't know. How can I say that I still love you? My mind doesn't make sense. The world doesn't make sense.

I want to nestle in your scent again. I wish I could just see you one more time. Lay my head on your chest, never open my eyes again.