Apology Thread &amp; Update... Not that I expect most of you to give three shits.

I have been in a really dark, awful mindset as of late. I'm snappy, I'm jaded, I'm angry at the past and most of all I'm angry at myself that I can't fix myself or stop my thoughts from racing.

I've had a really short fuse as of late. Also, I've been really closed minded to a lot of your advice.

I'm sorry. Not that I honestly expect any of you to believe me.

I have seen and been through hell. A lot of pent up anger and feelings suddenly swelled up to the surface... due to the fact this weekend is the 7 year anniversary of two of my closest friends' suicides. One where the boyfriend of the couple overdosed in my arms.

7 years ago is a long time. And usually... it doesn't bother me. But for some reason, I've exploded with emotion.

I've been thinking quite a bit now. My rage is all gone and out and I've had a few moments of real clarity. Probably fake and bullshit, but hey it felt real.

I don't want to die. Not yet. John and Jane (obviously not their real names), on top of my fiancee and other friends took the easy road out. They found a permanent solution to a temporary problem.

I'm going through a temporary problem. I have C-PTSD and I'm going through the "it's all happening again" stage. I really don't have anyone IRL that I can talk to about this stuff. Most of the people I've told about everything that happened I've cut off contact with everyone. I don't have a relationship very much with my parents or siblings. When a lot of this shit started, I disconnected from my family. It's not their problem or concern, so I keep it to myself. But keeping it to myself is driving me nutso.

Right now, I don't have a whole lot to live for. I have no job. I have no friends or social life anymore. I can feel the walls closing in on me, but this is all just temporary. It's just a bump (though it feels like 6 Mt. Everest stacked on top of each other at the moment) in the road. I can pull through this. 

I've survived a carjacking, I've survived being tied to a bed for 3 days and being used by a drug dealer, I've survived 4 episodes of alcohol poisoning, I've survived 3 drug overdoses. The most recent one being back in March.

Obviously I'm not going anywhere any time soon. If I was, I'd already be worm food by now. There's a reason why I'm still here. I just have no goddamn mother fucking shit fucking clue in fuck what the fuck that is.

Half the fun of the adventure is traveling to the destination, right?

So... Some good things for a change:

I've contacted my old college's Career/Job Placement office. I'm setting an appointment in a few days to get my resume written and hopefully find a job soon. I'll also be getting tips on how to handle interviews.

I'm looking for a therapist that will work with people without health insurance. No luck so far and my old therapist will not accept uninsured people. I'm probably not going to be able to get to talk to one until I get money again, but it's worth a shot at least.

In the meantime, I've picked up a hobby that I'll be able to add on my resume. I'm using CodeAcademy to get caught back up on HTML/CSS and learn all the new fandangled nonsense with HTML5.

... Jesus I've rambled for entirely way too long.

TL;DR

I'm sorry for being very manic and snapping on quite a lot of you guys that were only trying to help me. Regardless of how I acted, I did actually listen to you guys.

Getting in touch with a Career/Job Placement Center, shopping for a therapist, picked up a hobby to try and keep myself doing something productive.

Thank you to everyone. 
