Why do I keep getting these sudden urges to kill myself?Every time I’m out or alone I just have the overwhelming urge to kill myself any way I possibly can. I usually don’t try to, but the anxiety and suicidal thoughts just really push me to the edge sometimes. Most of the time I go out I usually bring my dog (only to places dogs are allowed obviously) since I know that if I kill myself while I’m out then he’ll be sad and alone. I can’t even go out to do everyday tasks like going to the store or going to school without those feelings coming like a punch in the gut. I can’t breath. I can’t focus. The only thing I can think about is all the ways I can die ASAP. Since I have nothing with me I can use as an excuse not to. All of this has caused my stress levels to get so high that I practically burst into tears when I missed the bus today. Something so small caused me to cry for 20 minutes in the councilor’s office while she tried to figure out why I was so upset. I don’t know how much longer I can go on like this being unable to stop these intrusive thoughts 24/7. Broke my 1 year clean streak from cutting which was a huge disappointment. No one knows I cut though so it was just a personal loss. My antidepressants and anti anxiety medications aren’t cutting it and my clinic keeps pushing back and canceling my appointments. Nothing I can do about it since I’m 17. These have been going on for many many years so I’m surprised I made it this long, but I just don’t know how to stop this. I’ve never been this open with anyone other than my doctor so I guess that’s a good step. I could NEVER trust my family with this sort of information though since all they do is belittle me and ignore my existence anyways and this would only fuel that since I was my mom’s last kid before my dad left (he didn’t want parental responsibility over two kids so I just tried to take my brother and failed)... I don’t even feel like I’m actually living though. I just feel like I’m watching someone live on some sort of auto pilot while I’m in a purgatory. I even lose track of the days since they all just seem to merge together into a big grey blob of time. Completely forgot new years was even close until a bud of mine brought it up a week before it happened. I think I’m getting too off topic and rambling so I’ll stop here. I don’t even know how I got to this point. 