22, I wonder when I'll start to live, to be happy. I made up my mind some years ago, I'll end it all some years from now if I still won't be able to live a life where I'm happy.I've been lurking for the past hours on this subreddit, never been here before. MMhh... Maybe I have but I don't remember. I'm sure I've been in subreddits related to suicide and depression but I don't remember every single one.

Some days are bad days, you know. Probably this one is a bad one... Bad? I mean, compared to my "normal" day I think I can classify today as a bad one. But it's strongly subjective of course. My bad days are probably laughing material compared to your bad days, I'm totally aware of that.  Which is the precise reason why I read different posts of other users before making this one, I wanted to make sure that at least another person posted something similiar to what I'm writing right now, something about a person who never tried suicide, never had problems with his/her gender, didn't cut himself, didn't have a bad childhood, wasn't molested, isn't hated by others, doesn't consider himself useless.

Since I haven't experienced any of the above mentioned things I should consider myself pretty normal. MMhh... I can't really say that, I mean, once a week I broadcast on a famous adult webcam site. People throw tokens at me, I show them what they paid for. I've never showed my face though.

Do I do it for the money? Hard to say. Sometimes I just broadcast and pay another girl for watching me, I pay them with the tokens I receive from the horny guys(yeah, 99&amp;#37; of the people there are males, I'm straight). Probably this is linked to the fact that I've never had sex, I'm a virgin.

My repressed sexual desire is also probably the reason that lead me to be the owner of 2 tumblr accounts in which I post images of 1) hentai 2) girls feet(I dropped this one actually). But to be honest, I think the real reason I still manage the first account is the hope of finding a like-minded girl who'll pm me there.

Am I one of those who only want to have sex? No, actually no. I'd just like to have a girlfriend with my same interests, science, anime and stuff, hugs.

Wait, wait, I'm sorry, I think I'm diverging from the main topic. MMhh... Yeah. So, I'm good-looking boy who is also smart, why the heck am I writing this post?

I've never lead a "normal" social life. I started programming on my own when I was 13, I preferred staying at the pc rather than going out. And that's how my highschool life started and ended. I think, no, I'm sure that it was during highschool that I started thinking about suicide. It's not like I was bullied or something, I just felt... empty. Other people were enjoying themselves, going to partys, chatting about things I totally didn't care about.

This emptiness used to get worse when I had to study for things I didn't care about, or when I had to write a few pages on topics such as "what do  you think about the current situation in \[state\]", "talk about how you feel about \[social topic\]". When I had to do the latter, I usually started taking the pen and staring at the blank pages at 14:00, and dragged myself until 1:00 am the next morning, reaching the minimum number of words required. My schoolmates usually completed those exercises in 40 minutes.

Towards 23:00 o'clock, when my parents went to bed and I was still staring at the blank pages knowing that I had to write something otherwise my school career couldn't progress any further, I considered suicide many times. Sometimes I cried, not many times though. When that happened, I used to look for suicide methods, motivational speeches, reasons to live, reasons to die, the scissors in the kitchen, guns on the darkweb.

I never thought about cutting myself, that would not end it, it's either all-in or nothing. That's what I always thought at least, that's what I still think.

Now I'm studying computer science, no wait, actually that's what I wanted at first, I'm studying computer engineering. Almost finished the 3rd year.

I passed these 3 years in the following way: get up, breakfast, school, home at 17:00, homework, tv series/game, sleep(some days). Oh and a little workout, I don't wanna lose my muscle tone.

 Did I enjoy these 3 years? Mmhh.. No, I don't think so. The first year was okay, then every single day of the last 2 years I thought about suicide. But when the thought came to my mind, I always said to myself: "Wait, you're only 22, there's still the possibility that you'll like your future life. You know what? Just wait till you're 30, then if you still feel empty and can't find a reason to live, a good reason, something for which you're willing to get old and support every f\*cking single day of this mostly rotten world, then you can end it all."

Did I ask to be born into this world? Nope. At least give me the possibility of ending it.

I hope to resist at least a few years. But the thought of solving everything, not feeling anything, in only a few seconds is strong. No monotonous days, no stuff which you have to do but you hate, no getting up everyday, no cooking food to survive everyday, no dressing up to go out, no money, no stupid politicians who only think about money and power, no wars, no sadness, no stupid people, no rain which makes you wet, no sun which suffocates you, no more need to breathe, no joy. No joy, it should be bad to have no joy, right? Well, it's not like I'm happy in this life, so I'm not actually losing it.

"Think about how your family would feel". They would cry for sure. But again, I didn't ask to be born into this world. This life, the life I have, should be mine.

We're only dust in the space, why should I make a big deal out of death? I actually don't, the thought of dying doesn't freighten me. I jumped from the second floor of a building because I felt like it. I wanted to know if that would scare me, it didn't. Sometimes I think about enrolling in the military, I wouldn't really care if I died. Even if I'm in Italy, I'd ask to go overseas.

On some forums most people try to dissuade the person thinking about suicide by saying stuff like: "it's not guaranteed that you will die, you may become a vegetable". But I would make the effort to be sure that the method I'm using will reach its goal.

I'm not sure what this is, I'm not sure why I'm writing it. You can totally ignore it, I won't be offended. You can tell me negative things, I'd not care. I'm an atheist if that wasn't clear. As I said, my situation is nothing compared to most people here.

There're some days when I don't get to sleep because I have homework to do. Sometimes, the following day I feel really energetic and happy, like I could do anything, almost euphoric. I recently found out that's probably what's called mania. Today I'll probably try not to sleep in the hope of reaching that state of mind again. This time I won't let it fade away by sleeping. It's not like I get the urge to sleep anyway. When I don't sleep for 2 days I usually decide to sleep on the third not because I need it, but because I always thought my brain might suffer from sleep deprivation.

Today is raining, the temperature will hopefully decrease, but I'm sure the sun will rise again and make the air unbreathable.

Sorry for my english, it's not my native language.