I graduated cum laude with an engineering degree from a high ranked university in Dec 2018, and I've spent all of 2019 bedridden thanks to debilitating social anxiety and depression and I feel just giving up is the only choice I haveI was supposed to have been the 'golden child' of the family and make it big as a 1st generation college student. Ever since I was found out to be 'gifted,' that's what was pushed on me all throughout junior high, high school, and university. But instead of being my family's golden child, I'm left as a bitter disappointment as I've spent all of 2019 essentially in bed thanks to my unmanageable social anxiety that prevents me from operating as a normal person, something my family never bothered to address and they hoped I would 'grow' out of it. Well instead of growing out of it, it turned into a deeply rooted personality disorder that I struggle everyday with just to not kill myself. Don't get me wrong, my university had a counseling center and psychiatric services that I tried to make use of. I went through several different counselors, psychiatrists, and medications that I can't even remember the names of, but nothing helps when it's that far buried in you.

How well you do in University does not show how well you'll do in real life. I only ever did the minimum - study and homework. I didn't have friends. I didn't do extracurriculars, internships, or research. Any free time I had I spent laying in bed watching something on my phone. I haven't even sent out a single resume at all since graduating because all I have on it is that I went to college, and that I know that I'm too nonfunctional to even be an engineer, let alone getting past a fucking interview. I'm probably going to have to settle for something like working at the local dollar store because that's all I can see myself realistically doing and hopefully not fucking it up. Each day, that degree loses value to employers and it's probably going to be worthless. Some golden child I am. I'm a complete lost at what I should do other than giving up and dying.