Ending my life after I post this. Hi I am 39 years old I am tired of living through life like this I'm on disability the unable to work because of PTSD severe chronic depression severe social anxiety which makes working nearly impossible to be around others and just to be able to try to do a job I also have dyslexia and learning issues which make working even harder especially if it's something I've never done before. Companies don’t want someone who is really slow at trying to learn and who has no education.

I have a tooth that needs to be recrowned and its the #19 tooth, I had the #30 tooth same spot on the right side removed and if I get #19 removed, I won't be able to chew as it is the only tooth I have I can really chomp down on food and yet I can't afford the $1200 for a new crown on it so I have no option but to get it removed for $400 

I have spent show years trying to get my GED, and I have spent many years trying to get a job my own place a vehicle and a good woman to love me. I have lost my parents when I was in my early twenties I only knew my dad for a few months before he passed away when I was 23, when I was 25 I lost my mother I don't know if it was from suicide or if it was from health issues.

I have no family no friends, what can we do have they don't want anything to do with me or I don't want anything to do with them because of how toxic they are to me. I have spent many years homeless and have been through a lot of stuff and seeing things nobody should see. I am currently renting a room from a sixty-year-old woman and if she dies I will end up back on the streets.

I have been trying to find a place to live I've been called up for several apartments low income, but every time it comes time for me to take one something comes up that keeps me from being able to get into one. I bought a car a few years ago and got scammed out of $2,000 to USD. I've been trying to save for another car but every time I do something comes up that takes my savings  or pushes me further in debt.

For the past 10 years I have applied for jobs never had an interview, I have spent trying to get my GED  and have been unable to. I've had tutors I've had teachers,  I have had study groups and one-on-one sessions. but even with all of this I have not been able to get my GED my education is on a second and third-grade level in almost every subject and I have to learn from 2nd grade to 12th grade I can't do that.

I spend my time watching movies, TV shows, listening to music, I don't even have a game system so I can't even play video games which I actually used to enjoy doing. It's been years since I've played a video game I can't afford the consoles or the games. and the computer I have is not strong enough to be able to hold video games or to be able to handle playing video games.

I used to enjoy fishing camping used to enjoy archery, I even used to go bowling every other Friday night which I can't do anymore either. I even used to love going to the golf courses and hitting up the golf ranges and just shooting a bucket of golf balls I found it peaceful and relaxing but I can't even afford that. 

I have done many things for work which was cash under the table and it was all manual labor. I have done everything from fixing fences building concrete slabs building porches building staircases as well as building walls and fixing holes in the walls even putting in new flooring or replacing flooring. I have done many other things as well as boxing for a few months I drove a semi-truck for a few months but my anxiety gets so bad to the point I could even drive them anymore. I can't do the work I used to do because of arthritis in my lower back and rheumatoid arthritis in my knees and feet.

I consider myself weird and nerdy by I consider myself a homebody but I do like going out time to time that prefers to stay home. I have put myself out there in the dating scene for over 8 years, during those eight years I've had women catfish me pretending to want to be with me, leading me on as they loved me. then they would fake their death on me or they would just ghost me. I have had women telling me I was a joke worthless useless had nothing to offer a relationship and I shouldn't even be loved and no one would want to be with me.

I have been trying to build myself a life and been trying to get on my feet but every time I do things come up that keep me down and knock me back down and I just can't keep doing it anymore. it feels like every breath I take is just razors cutting through my lungs attracting me apart inside. I am tired of struggling to breathe. I am tired of trying to fight to build something out of my life. I am tired of spending every waking moment of my life alone single unloved unwanted.

All I wanted was to find a woman to love me and accept me and treat me right. I don't ask for much just a simple life, all I want is just one or two friends a nice woman my own apartment and a vehicle that's it. but it feels like I'm trying to reach to live on Pluto and it's like it's trying to ask for a billion dollars and to become the president of the whole world.

I am tired I am worn out I am exhausted I have nothing left in me to give nothing left in me to fight I can't do it by myself anymore alone no support no one helping me constantly fighting and fighting and getting nowhere except right where I was when I started to try to fight to build something I can't do it anymore so today when a woman that I rent bedroom from leaves I will end up ending my life.  I just have nothing left to live for and nothing left to do and nothing left in me.