The guilt of what I've done/who I've been is too much to live withBefore I get to explaining why suicide is the only option left for me, I best clear some things up. 

Around 4 years ago I started to developed depression and anxiety; anxiety so bad I could barely leave the house. I've tried a few different medications but without any success. I've attended around 25 hours worth of sessions of CBT therapy in total, the last appointment being in November 2018. But due to my alchohol and cannabis dependancy the mental health team I was with decided I wouldn't be allowed to continue CBT therapy until I'm sober, and quitting isn't working out. So that's all of that out of the way. 

Oh wait. I haven't confessed to any therapist exactly what I did/was doing. They all seemed to like me. If only they knew.

I've started to remember things I've done in recent years, and it's truly disturbing. I guess that's why I've been drunk and high almost everyday for the past two years - to forget, and that had been working for the most part. Now, though, if I'm to start therapy to conquer my anxiety disorder sobriety is required. Drink and smoke to forget or be sober and try to live with sick fuck I've been. 

I've felt so sorry for myself over the past few years too. In those moments I must have forgotten what I did. Given the evils I commited, suffering is deserved. Hell is just. And if God exists and He forgives me, that's not enough. How the hell have I gotten here I don't know.

Thinking about all of it now, I just feel a complete disconnection from that twisted person. I often wonder how I could sleep at night, go to work the next day, speak with family or friends, knowing what I was doing. It's fucking crazy. It's like I wasn't really a conscious thinking person. I've always been caring and sensitive for a guy. So how? How?? I've always thought I was a good guy. This is surreal. 

Sometimes I wonder if I'm in hell. Literally. I wouldn't argue that if it were God's final judgement. I'd just hate him for creating me. Hating myself a little more. Oh poor me, right? I still have the audacity to fucking pity myself.

So I'm not going to read back and check through all of what I've said. The ramblings of a sick, twisted, madman. I'm just going to tell you all what I was doing. 

It could have been happening for around one year or two between the age of 17 and 20/21, but it's all such a fucking blur it might have happened over different periods in that time for weeks or a couple of months each a time over those 4 years, stopping and starting again doing it occasionally. I'm assuming in the first couple of years it would be something I did very occasionally, like I'd stumble across it and not do it for a couple of months. At times perhaps being longer or shorter differences in times between when I'd do it. I'm trying to remember but I just can't. 4 years doesnt seem right at all. It can't of been something I was doing all the time for that long (4 years). My memory is really bad (I don't know if it's my brain dissociating because of the stress remembering it exactly would bring). My memory has never been great though.

How this was happening I don't now. Man, this is hard to speak about. I wish I could blame it on porn addiction. The things I've had to deal with in life, even though I've had a better life than most in this poverty stricken world. I could blame it on all the drugs I've abused over the years. Maybe mental illness But nah, that would be a cop out. I must just be evil. Honestly I wish it never happened and I'll wake up from been in a coma or something.

But It's worth noting the last time I did this was between the age of 20 and 21. I remember towards the end, before I stopped entirely, there was a moment where I was like, what the fuck am I actually doing. Like what the fuck. Just before that realisation I think I must've been doing it more frequently and it just hit me. That what I was doing was BEYOND fucked up. Don't know why it took so long to realise how evil it is. I feel so disgusting.

 See, I know there's mostly good inside me. I would never actually hurt another person like that in real life. I would beat the fucking shit out of someone for doing that someone I knew, or even someone I didn't know. If my Mother knew what I was watching online, or my grandmother knew, I couldn't bear the thought of them finding out I had done this. It would destroy them.

It's so surreal. I'm just glad that I stopped when I did but I wish I'd stopped afterthe first time I ever did it. Why it took so long I don't know. I've smoked weed everyday since I was 15 years old, but of all the drugs, you'd think weed wouldn't mess with your mind and make you do that. The pain I've felt and the way I'm still suffering with this guilt and shame is exactly what I should be feeling. 

Sometimes I wish I was a sociopath. So I wouldn't feel remorse. The evil stain in my mind and soul. See, I'm still feeling sorry for ME! I shouldn't get to pity myself what I did and who I was. 

Some of you will hate me, and rightly so. Though I suspect some of you will say that I've realised what I was doing was evil, and that I stopped it before it got worse, and now feel extreme remorse and guilt all the time so I should try forgiving myself. But this is the suicide section or reddit. Full of people who are or have been suicidal for what people have done to them, or for what they've experienced in life. So a lot of you will be too empathetic and kind. Those people deserve empathy and help from others. Not me. I've done this to myself. I was being the evil sick fuck for doing what I was doing.

Trouble is killing myself would just cause so much pain to my family. My brother is young and needs a happy mother. My grandparents have given me every part of themselves for 24 years. They don't deserve that. I can't ever tell any of them what I've done for the same reason because it would hurt them too much. 

I'm either going to have to live being truly miserable, grasping on to any bit of joy I may experience in moments before inevitably remembering who I've been/what I've done, for the next 50 years. Or, I kill myself, be selfish, and break my grandfather's and my mother's heart by finding true peace in suicide. The past few years have been hell. I deserve that. They certainly do not. Maybe i'll wait till my grandad is dead or scenile and when my brother is old enough to look after himself. 15 years is a long time to wait though. 3 years of hell has been unbearable enough.




From the age of 17, maybe 17 and a half, to 20/21 I would watch and get off to "forced sex porn" or rape porn. So porn stars playing out that "fantasy". Though I fear I might have come across one or two real videos. Infact i know I have atleast a couple of times because of how sick I feel from the mental image that just popped up in my mind. It's not all I watched ofcourse. Like I said I think it's something I would do occasionally. I'd go months not watching it, or I'd watch it often in a few days period, or at other times once a week or month. It isn't the type of porn I would watch the most either, probs 20 - 30%. Bla bla bla it doesn't matter. I was still fucking doing it. I can't try and lessen how disturbing, wicked and evil it is with excuses.

So PLEASE try and tell me why I could ever deserve forgiveness. And actually mean that when saying it. Don't tell me I deserve to forget what I did, or that I deserve to forgive myself, just so I don't eventually kill myself. Somethings you can't take back. 

How could I ever have a get married and have kids and be happy? How could I look my future wife in the eyes having her think I'm a good man knowing the monster I've been? For my kids to have a father whose done those things. All I could do is try be a good person. Be selfless and make a difference to as many people's lifes I could and try be a positive impact on the world to try make up for it. But even if we forget my mental ill health being a reason why that can't happen. Damn. It's just so fucking hard living with what I've done. I can't even look people in eye anymore. And if I do they can't see the evil inside, the shitty, twisted demon in there somewhere.

I'll be 24 this June. 3 years on and the guilt is still just as bad (if not worse). To be honest I don't deserve to forget. It will forever be a reminder never to be evil like that ever again. To be that evil, horrible person. But I don't think I have the right to be happy. Hopefully I'm not selfish enough to drink and smoke weed just to forget for too much longer. I hope one day I'll do some good in this world. But even that would be selfish. Doing good for others just to try and feel less guilt and to feel better seems selfish too. Like I'll be doing it make myself feel less guilt. It's all about me and my suffering again. It's an insult to women have actually really been raped in real life -  they fucking suffer and they don't deserve it AT ALL. I deserve What the hell have I got myself into. Honestly.

Sorry. I am truly sorry in every fucking way. I can't be anymore sorry for what I was doing back then.

I couldn't hold this in anymore. I had to tell someone.

Now those of you who are religious might forgive me because God would. Don't say it if you don't really mean it or because God would want you too please. Any athiests with good morals out there think I deserve any forgiveness, ever?

Please be honest. You won't be helping in me committing suicide by telling me I deserve to suffer. Right now so far I've been too cowardly to try. That would happen long after I've forgotten about this reddit confession. 


