I suppose this is a safe place.I had my Wellbutrin adjusted downwards because it was making me anxious as hell. That was on Thursday. Now it's Tuesday, and I can't think straight. The anxiety is still there, but it's been coupled with dark, dark thoughts.  Desperation. Fear. Despair.

I lost one of my best friends eight years ago to suicide; a recent suicide that affected some friends of mine has brought a lot of that up. I sort of blame myself for it, which is stupid and self-centered beyond belief, but I do have reasons for it. And when that happened, I fucking swore to myself that I'd never do it. It was easy; I'm terrified of death, so there's never been that temptation. Once, when I was on Abilify for a few days, the thoughts came up, but they took me off of that shit. This was five years ago.

But the past three days, it's been awful. Thoughts of dying, wanting to, sleeping all day, wishing I didn't have to be conscious. Except that I'm in graduate school. I have an assistantship, I'm carrying fourteen credit hours, and I don't want to fail everything. I don't want to fuck everything up. But I've barely been able to do even half of my work; the rest I've managed on a mix of adrenaline and a cock-sure smile that I don't really believe.

I don't know what to do. Services at my school are spotty.  Medicine has never, ever helped me. Therapy is limited to ten sessions, and then it costs money, and I'm living on grad school funds.  I can't manage anything, let alone my own finances, my own health. I recently lost almost 170 pounds, and I'm in the process of utterly screwing that up.

I don't know what to do. I'm alone most of the day; my best friend-cum-SO is online at night, but there's a three hour time difference, and I don't want to put a ton of pressure on him, since he has his own demons to deal with. And he's been great, he really has.

I don't know what my actual diagnosis is; maybe Bipolar II, maybe atypical depression. Definitely not cyclothymia, because this is a major depressive episode. I don't know why I should go on; I don't deserve to be in this program (tied for best in its field in the country), in my specialization (math/compsci intensive and I'm a former English major), and I despair of ever being able to successfully be on my own. I'm almost thirty, and I've failed, and I just can't see the point of struggling forward.

Here's safer than my usual message board, which my mom found some time back. I don't post much on reddit; mostly just read. So...that's that, the venting, the cry of "this sucks."  Sorry for bothering you.