Isolation. Show me your stripes and tell me how you survive, please.Struggling with isolation, to the point that I'm getting more obsessed with destructive thoughts and suicide. I've had trauma in my past, so this is fairly normal for me, but I'm curious....
PRACTICAL steps that maybe someone has taken to end isolation, to build up some friends, or even just friendly acquaintances.

Show me your stripes too. There is no competition among people who suffer, but I don't relate to ANYONE after as far and away as I have been. I'm talking: ALONE, too poor to afford a place to live, sober, full time employed surviving in the woods as the "crazy guy" for months, living out of a pack on the roadside judged by every single set of eyes as being someone who "deserved" the life I walked... 2 years I survived as a throw away on the side of the road here in the USA.
Flat out, I wont disqualify anyone, but I want to feel that I can SEE who I'm talking to - I want to know you have been here.

I'm almost 31, and since highschool I've had very few friends - and as a man these are usually drinking buddies who are a handful on their own... I've had no one around me who was as interested in me as I was in them - so as long as I can remember...
I just know that I don't want to continue like this. I meet people all day, every day, for years... I'm full time employed now in a awesome place with lots of happy people around - yet I still cannot find anyone who would like to hang out. I've researched the topic, I'm really not looking for simple or patronizing answers here. ...maybe there are no answers... maybe friends and smiles are for folks who are attractive...
Maybe they really do lie to us the whole time we grow up, and the world is just a shitty place... I want to hear your thoughts, it might inform some decisions about the future.
I know myself, but I'm scared that I'm gonna do something. I'm just old enough to start reasoning that there is not time enough to pull this out - and that's a new angle... Up until this point, I've been young, there have been possibilities... But not now. If this continues for another 10 years, like it already has, I'll be 40. I wont stand a chance at having anything in common with anyone, as a single and horrifically lonely "dad" with no lady, family, or career.... damn I'm a loser lol.
I just don't think that there is time.
Anyway - share here please and Thank You!