I'm struggling with finding purpose &amp; keeping my head above water I lost my job in early April due to COVID-19. It was a good job that paid well and I now think that I didn't appreciate that enough. For the first 2 months, I assumed that I would be called back, and felt reassured by my supervisor that was still with the company. Once the end of June came around, they called and told me that I needed to seek other opportunities.

Since then, I've been applying to several jobs a day. I've been on unemployment. My fiancee lost her job and was looking for work too. I work in the creative field so I made a website, invested in my own computer to start doing freelance or contract work, and tried to take this as a positive opportunity. I have a master's degree and 3 years of experience, so I assumed I would find work soon enough.

Fast forward to now, my now wife has a job that she starts in September, I've only made $150 since I started looking for work, and I get multiple rejection letters every day. I'm starting to lose my mind and really taking it hard. I have problems with depression already, and this definitely hasn't helped. Neither of us have health insurance yet (we can't afford it). She'll get health insurance in October with her new job, and now that we're married I should be able to get on it.

I'm really struggling here. Maybe I'm just not cut out for this? I have years of experience and people have told me that I'm good at what I do. I keep getting reassurance from everyone that times are just really hard and that something will come along. But I've been working so hard these past few months to get something to work out for me and it's been nothing but rejection. There were a few times that I got really far with a company and it looked good, but after several interviews and test tasks to see if I would work for them, they eventually tell me that they've pursued another candidate.

All of this came to a head today when I received 2 rejection emails from 2 jobs that I had spent over a month interviewing with. It all seemed to go so well, but they still find someone else. This shit is so hard and I don't think I can take it anymore. I'm at the point now where I feel like I need to start working retail, but I have a graduate degree and 3 years in my field! It's such a hit to my pride.

Like I said before, I've struggled with depression before. I was on medication up until last year. I've never really considered myself suicidal. I'm too afraid of what that would do to the people around me. More than anything I guess I just wish that I didn't exist sometimes? Like if someone else could make the decision for me. I've definitely felt more like this lately. It's rough.

I don't even know if anyone would be able to help. I guess I'm just tired and I needed someone to talk to about this. I don't know how much longer I can do this. Every day feels more devastating than the last.