I'm unloved, unemployed and will probably be homeless in two weeks. Give me a reason why it isn't a good ideaThings haven't gotten better, even after more than a year of absolute agony. Every five years on average I feel insanely depressed, sometimes for a few years at a time. Even when I don't feel this horrible I never feel happiness or love: I just seem to remember less occasions of extreme abuse growing up. I don't even know which issue to start with first because there are so many things I need help fixing.

I have abandonment issues because my mum couldn't be around to raise me between the ages of six months and three years and had to get passed around between relatives. After my mum completed her chemotherapy she came back but my dad was an absolute cunt of a person. He drank a lot, used drugs, was abusive and I think he may have sexually assaulted me. He also slept with other women and had a mistress and her kid living in the house with us.

After getting out of that shitty situation and living in a women's refuge for a few months my mum became abusive too. She was no where near as bad but it didn't help adjusting to living without both parents at the age of five. I also got bullied at school because I acted out. So pretty much my entire life is escaping one shit place and landing directly in another.

At the moment I live with a woman who's horrible to live with. She lies about everything, locks me in my room so she can fuck her boyfriend while I deal with neighbours complaining about noise, told me her friend was staying for a week and he's been here for nearly three and abuses drugs. I also very likely have a gambling problem and probably fit most of the criteria for alcoholism.

Why shouldn't I kill myself? There is no light at the end of this tunnel, and every other time I have seen light there was a hole in the roof and for just a fleeting moment I could see the sky. I want to get better but there is so little hope. Today I passed out after a panic attack and barely had the energy to walk to the kitchen. Give me a reason that this sick puppy shouldn't be put down.