coping hurts so muchHello. I (18/F) have been suicidal for many years now, probably since around age 10 or 11. It was really bad a few years, then eh, then okay, and now, life is fleeting happiness, reliving trauma, and having those around me listen to me constantly mope about how much I want to just fade away.

I am a failure to my friends and family. My friends have abandoned and forgotten about me since we have graduated high school. It is impossible for me to make friends in college, and when I do make even the slightest bit of conversation, they walk away or something happens. For example, this coronavirus bullshit has put my college classes online for the rest of the semester. Which means no interaction with anyone other than family, girlfriend, and clients. Also means my grades will suffer, because I am terrible at online classes.

I hurt the people around me, especially my poor girlfriend. She loves me so much, I try to remember that. And it hurts her so badly when I tell her about my suicidal thoughts, but they are so constant and neverending during this time period. I am so scared to do anything, but it only gets worse and worse and I creep closer and closer to the edge of just doing it.

I can't take a day off and risk losing my job. I can't take a vacation, I don't have the money, as I spend it all on my girlfriend in hope that she will forever stay with me, and also on myself as one of many unhealthy coping mechanisms. I can't get therapy. I'm already on medication but I am terrible at taking it. There is nothing to do around ole northwest Indiana that will bring me joy. I have tried everything in an hour radius, and with college and school, I wouldn't have the time for anything else.

I am too young to buy alcohol, which I wish I wasnt lmao otherwise it'd be my vice. And now with that new law, I can't buy tobacco or nicotine products, which I have never tried but desire to. I've smoked weed twice and it really doesnt do much for me. Plus it's too much money for a shit high. I'm pretty much not close with anyone who could sell me drugs anyway which is shit. Cutting is not an option, my skin is already fucked up and it makes my girlfriend depressed as fuck to see me like that. I need a fucking coping mechanism before I go over the edge. I don't know what to do anymore.