Terrified of CRYING...Terrified of going INSANE...Terrified of DEATH.I was SEVERELY traumatized by watching a defenceless baby boy being circumcised. I don't think I would ever be able to live with myself if I ever murdered someone - even a baby butcher, I have had to consider my options.

1/ I will live out the rest of my life suffering from tremendous internal rage. I will eventually succumb to severe cardiovascular disease or cancer as a result of the stress.

2/ I can use drugs and/or alcohol in an attempt to erase the mental distress even if I won't be able to function normally and of course succumb to illness resulting from the substance(s) I choose to take.

3/ I have found a source and she is reliable, to buy some Nembutal, get my hands on 10-15g and some decent liquor, tie up any loose ends, make appropriate financial arrangements to cover my funeral costs, find somewhere suitable like a hotel where I will have 8 hours of privacy, swallow the barbiturates, wash it down with some alcohol and fall asleep for good.

There is no 4th option. It would be to kill one of these baby butchers. I cannot, I repeat I CANNOT do that. There is no 4th option. I am not going to murder anyone no matter how disgusted or enraged at that they are doing, will do, or have done.

I know many people who abuse drugs and alcohol and it is not a path I want to take. Neither do I want to take antipsychotics or antidepressants as I find that even though they turn me into a zombie they will not erase the mental anguish. Virtually all of them actually make me feel worse.

I find it extremely difficult to live with my nerves. I am not even sure how long I can go on like this. I don't exactly want to die.

Honest to God, I am terrified.

Can anyone seriously help me?

The drugs psychiatrists hand out these days just turn you into a zombie and make you feel even worse. I find they just strip away the good emotions so you just feel drained and apathetic all the time. I don't want that.

Where has my sanity gone? Why won't it come back? Please, dear sanity, please return for me so I can live with dignity again.

"Ben D"