Not sure what to do. HelpOn the weekends I sneak my bf over and we cuddle and sleep. My mom never checks on me at night and I keep my room locked every night and day, but yesterday she decided to check on me. And of course, she saw me sleeping with my bf. Now what's even worse is that I was in my bra and undies because that is how I always sleep and he was shirtless so my mom thinks I'm a sleeping around and that I am a ho. My mom made him write his contact info and address down but he gave a fake number, name, and address. She then forced him out. After he left she came to my room and started hitting me and crying. She said " what happened to you? How many times have I told you?" I didn't understand what she meant but how many times have I told you because she doesn't tell me anything. And then she left. She came back later and told me that she tried calling and everything was fake. She asked for him number but I didn't say anything, I don't want him to get in trouble. She proceeded to question "what happened to my princess" and say things like "it's ok to have friends, but not friends like this." And then brought up my grades which I don't understand why she did. And I talked back and said that it was her fault I'm failing math because she forced me to take a class that I knew I couldn't handle but still forced me anyways. We started to yell at eat other. Also, Whenever I get a bad test score she tells me she's disappointed in me and that I focus too much with my friends. The thing is, I don't even hangout with them other then at school. She even locked me at home during thanksgiving break. I skype or FaceTime them occasionally. She always tells me that school is more important than friends which in a sense is true, but I find my friends comforting, they are like my family. My relationship with my mom is bad. We always end up fighting. I never really wanted to try to talk to her. She always calls me a disappointment. She triggers my desperation. Since last year, I have had suicidal thoughts. It has been better because my bf and my friends make me happy. However, this incident and what my mom has done/ said to me, has triggered my suicidal thoughts. I have been researching. I thought about cutting but I'll have to cut through a lot and really deep. I thought about hanging but I don't have anything to hang myself with. I also thought about overdosing and I think I will. Getting back to my story, I don't know why she is so against me having a boyfriend. I would never lose my virginity in high school. And my boyfriend knows that. He treats me really well and my friends approve of him. My mom also found out his name and #, prob from calling my phone provider. She even called my best friend and talked to her. 
At this point, she'll probably call the school and ask for his parents numbers and talk to them. I hope my bf is okay and I don't him to get her because this is my fault that this had to happen this way. 
I don't know what to do with myself. I feel really sad and depressed. What are your thoughts? 