I feel like things are coming to an end.I’ve never really had this feeling. I’ve attempted suicide a couple of times but this is much different. You can always imagine a very vague picture of what your future might be like. I just don’t see myself getting anywhere. I feel like the best way out for me and everyone else would be to just end it. There’s so much wrong with my I feel I am beyond fixing. My body is ridden with huge scars and my toes are fucked from slamming them against the ground as a instant coping mechanism. I used to rip off toenails too and slice up the bottom of my feet so it’d hurt when I’d walk. Some of those need surgery. I’ve been to a youth hospital before and all they did was pump me full of drugs. Every waking second I feel like shit and I don’t have anyone to talk to. Hotlines never seemed to help and friends were never there for me. The last time i was around people I considered friends was at a youth group I go to. A “friend” guilt tripped me into giving him my sweater that a person really close to me owned gave me the night before he killed him self. Everything that comes out of my mouth I hate. I’m transgender male to female. I pass on the outside but as soon I open my mouth. I sound like a guy. I’m ridiculed for sounding “gay”, whatever that means. I truly feel I have nothing left. I even feel so stupid writing this out. It’s not so much for the fact I’m searching for help. I just need an outlet. Soon I’ll be going a few cities over to meetup with friends I don’t often see. I want to give them each something really important to me even though I feel like I’m a setback to them. I really don’t hope I’ll be coming back. The way I’m living right now isn’t sustainable. I’m binging on crap food then throwing it back up. No one knows about that either. I’ve been in trouble with the law a few times because my mother made false assault accusations. I really don’t want to hurt anyone else. If I got angry at someone or something I’d just twist it and take it out on my self, causing mental and physical damage. I don’t even know what the purpose of writing all this down is. I feel robbed of my childhood. I was constantly beaten,sliced and burned by my older brother to which my parents didn’t bat an eye to. This was all until the day I took a butter knife to ward off my brother, who was twice my height and would constantly over power me. My parents went apeshit and since then our relationship hasn’t been the same. I have a burning hatred for my mother and it’s always uncomfortable around my father. Around a year later, I made a friend who I grew to trust. Most of my friends at the time were 20+ while I was 14. They weren’t mean or predatory at all. They were really nice. The new friend was completely unrelated to this group but was around the same age. I was sexually abused by him and I’ve tried talking to current “friends” about it but im laughed at. Which really hurts. Around this point. I started keeping everything inside and so I look like I’m always happy.  Which people say they are glad I stopped pretending to be depressed and suicidal. Now if I ask for help. No one will listen. Within the next few weeks I hope that things will come to an end. I can’t live like this.