I want to kill myself and I'm pretty sure I deserve it.Firstly, sorry for the long post. 

OK so I am now 22 and the problem with me is that I have absolutely no reason to be depressed. I have two successful parents who have given everything I need; a good education, a nice home and best of all they've taken me to places most people would be lucky to go to.

I've hiked Kilimanjaro, I've been skydiving, Bungee jumped off the highest commercial bungee jump in the world, swam on the edge of Victoria falls, ridden elephants, petted cheetahs and plenty more. I also have great friends from my school days who I am still somewhat in touch with.

Everything went wrong when I graduated high school and started University. Suddenly I knew no one in classes 200 people strong, I was living completely alone for the first time ever and I couldn't handle the responsibility. I know that pretty much everyone experiences this leaving of the comfort zone, but, pathetically, I couldn't handle it. It didn't take long for me to start missing lectures and then entire days, instead staying in where I knew no one could see me and playing games all day, always saying, I'll go in tomorrow and I'll make it up, no matter how hard it is I'll make it up.

Days became weeks and I knew that I fucked up, I couldn't possibly make it up anymore. I lied to everyone, my best friend, my parents, my brother. This is the first time I'm telling anyone the whole truth.

Eventually when exams came around I was caught in my lies and but instead of telling the truth I lied again. I said I had tried my hardest but the course was just too hard and I really wasn't enjoying it. My family, who paid my university fees, believed me and allowed me to change my course, though I would have to start from the beginning again next year, meaning I had half a year to find a job, a simple job so that my parents knew I wasn't wasting my time. I never got one, just played more and more games.

When I started my second course which my family was again paying for, I really did want to try and succeed, and I still believe that if I really tried I could've done really well. But then I started smoking weed, and I fell into the "tomorrow I''l make it up" trap again. Only this time when I knew it was too late I became more careful with my lies. 2 entire years later and my everyone I know believes I'm doing really well at Uni, I haven't attended a lecture in 1 and a half years.

And now after telling everyone how I've just finished my second year in my degree, the lies I've told are starting to fall apart again. My mum has been trying very hard to get me a job for the work experience required for my degree that I've lied about. She'd find me companies and I'd tell her I'd email and call them, but I never did.

But then she had one of her friends ask her boss to see if I could be accommodated at their company and they said yes. So now I have to go to a job to whom I've lied about my accomplishments and I just can't do it.

I know that my deception will soon be discovered and I don't want to be around when it is. That is how much of a selfish coward I am,  I'd rather kill myself and traumatise my family and friends than face them when they learn what a piece of shit I am. Which is why I don't think I'm actually depressed, just ashamed.

The worst thing about everything is that i know that even if by some miracle I was forgiven I would just do the same thing again and again. And I think in the long run my constant lying would hurt the people I love more than my suicide.

To be honest, the reason I'm writing all this now is because I just want people to know the truth before I try it, and maybe for people to agree with me in what I'm doing.