I want to kill myself and I don't even know whyMy life is "good", my mother loves me and I love her, I have friends that love me, I have a wonderfull boyfriend and we love each other too. 

I go to law school, it isn't that hard or stresfull, I have a home, I don't really have any serious problem, just some little problems once in a while, mostly economical problems, but nothing impossible to overcome, yet I find myself crying everyday. 

I'm sad most of the time when I'm alone. I can be okay when I'm around my friends, I can laugh and tell jokes, same with my boyfriend, but I'm not happy, everytime I'm alone I start crying, and I started to do it even in public sometimes in public transport for example, I just can't stop, I don't even know why I'm crying I am just so sad and I can't find a single reason. 

I don't want to be like this, I want to live my life and be happy, but every time I am like this I just want to disapear, a few times I have tried to kill myself but I backed off, mostly because of my mother and my cat. My mother would be left alone and I think she would kill herself too and I don't want that to happen, I want her to be happy, but sometimes I just feel like I can't live anymore. 

I don't know what to do, I try to stay possitive, tell myself that I have a lot of reasons to live but it doesn't seem to work. I try to do new things, find new hobbies, distract myself so I don't think about bad things, but nothing works and I feel like I'm getting worse everyday. 

I don't want to tell my friends or my boyfriend because I know they would be worried and they can't help me, but I don't know what to do. I don't even have money to go to a therapist. 

I've been like this for a few years now, but it wasn't that bad, i just cried a few times a week and I didn't thought about killing myself that often, but like I said, it's gettin worse pregressively, and since a couple of months every day is the same, crying 3 or 4 times a day and I don't even know how to describe what I feel, it's like sadness and frustration, it depends, but mostly that, it is so exhausting to feel like this, when I mannage to stop crying and relax i feel tired, like I don't have a single drop of energy left. 

I still go to school every day, I eat, I do normal things that I have to do, so I think I'm not really that bad, but I'm afraid someday I will get tired of this and kill myself, and I don't want that to happen, but I don't know what to do. 

English is not my first language, it's actually my third one, so I'm sorry if I wrote some things bad or I expressed myself bad, I know I may have some problems with grammar.

I'm aware that a lot of people may be in the same situation as me, so I would be really grateful if you could give me any kind of advice, like how do you manage to feel better or what you do to stop being sad or whatever, so I could try and see if it helps me too. 

Thank you for reading.