My Body Might Not Get Any Healthier, My Options Might Not Get Any Better.Yesterday I went shopping for a few shirts for work, my vision started getting spotty in the checkout line but I didn't want to be weird and just drop everything and run to my car. I blacked out at the checkout counter for a second and needless to say it scared the lady so she called an ambulance. I was too out of it to feel much embarrassment right then (super weird because I am really shy) and I told the shop girl that had called for the ambulance that I just had low blood sugar (which I only knew the feeling from having passed out a few times almost four years ago, the doctors thought it was just a freak occurance then). Once the ambulance got there and I refused to be carried out on the stretcher, I sat inside the vehicle and quietly let them poke me with needles and feed me terrible tasting paste to get my blood sugar back up.  I guess the head guy thought I wasn't taking my episode seriously enough because he started to try and empress on me how abnormal it is for a girl of 25 and 100 lb in seemingly good health otherwise to just pass out having eaten 6 hours ago with low blood pressure and low blood sugar. It wasn't that I didn't think it was serious, I was just *shy* and wanted to leave very badly.  
  
When I got back home I asked my mother if dad had any of the paste tubes of flavored blood sugar booster stuff somewhere (I thought it would be a good idea to keep some in my purse just in case) and that resulted in her telling me I don't eat good enough. No advice, no "are you alright?", just something else that she doesn't think I do right. And then she spent the next hour or so flitting around the house making stressed out huffing noises and stating that no one ever helped her clean the house. I had a giant headache so I honestly didn't give a shit at that point and went to bed.  
  
This morning I woke up and realized I was really upset. It seems like my body is breaking down and I don't have a person in the world who cares. A couple years ago I was told I had endometriosis, then had exploratory surgery and was told it was unlikely I would have kids. A year ago after my latest stent in the hospital, they diagnosed me with borderline personality disorder, which is like Bipolar on steroids. Most people would never guess because I'm usually very quiet and mellow. Early onset alzheimer's also runs in my family and my memory has always been crappy and that has also always nagged at me. Now I'm supposed to remember to regularly check my blood pressure/sugar? On good days I remember to set the alarm for the next day so I'll take my meds on time. I have no idea how this is supposed to work. I am incredibly forgetful person. I'm already sick and tired a lot of the time and now I get to add possibly passing out at any point to the list of things I try very hard not to worry about.  
  
I'm only 25, and on top of that I really only *look* 20! If this is what my life looks like now, I'm having a very hard time picturing what its going to look like in even just a few years. I have no close friends and my family is only happy to have me around as long as I can loan them money.  
  
I know that continuing to think about it probably isn't helping, but I can't seem to think about anything else. I'm not getting anything done at work, I'm just sitting here seething with rage at my stupid body and the stupid rut I've got myself stuck in because of it.  
  
When I graduated community college years back, I had been accepted to Cornell with a half scholarship. I had been so excited but my parents had convinced me that the other half I would rack up in student loans wouldn't be worth it, so I stayed in this dumb little town helping my abusive ex take care of his two kids for far too long because I didn't have anywhere to go that would take both me and my dog.  
  
I'm usually not this bitter, but today I absolutely hate where my life has landed me right now and I can't envision a future that's better. I can't envision a future where I'm healthy and that scares me and makes me angry. What could I possibly be supposed to learn in this body? I don't get it and pretty sure I'm about ready to tap out. I don't want to be lonely, miserable and sickly for the rest of my life and I don't want to inflict myself on other people when I'm like this in order to not be lonely. 