I don’t know where I can get the strength to keep going...Hey, 

This is kind of hard to explain, but I’ve never have considered killing myself. lately though, life has been pushing me to think about it more and more, and it has just become really hard to continue...

A little background about me: I’m a 23yo gay guy, married, living in the US, came as an international student, and now I’m on my tourist visa. I graduated from college with a STEM degree, and ever since I graduated, my life has been going downhill at a very accelerated pace.
The first of many terrible occurrences happened when my college failed to communicate with me the proper way to remain in the US legally through OPT (those of you who are international students in the US know what I’m talking about). 
After paying the expensive government fees, and waiting for 3 months (July to October of 2018) to receive my employment authorization, I got a letter where I was denied (thing that apparently NEVER happens, every student that applies, gets it). I was completely bummed, but didn’t give up on my journey to stay here in the US (I won’t be safe back in my home country). I decided that I then should apply for Asylum, and my husband (then BF) offered to stay together and weather the storm... and after 5 months of jumping from lawyer to lawyer, getting all the necessary paperwork and putting together my asylum story (by now is Feb 2019), the law firm that I settled for and paid from my own pockets (at least $1500) for consultations and appointments, told me that my case didn’t have a good chance of being approved, and that I risked being put in deportation procedures... I dropped the Asylum, went back home for a quick week (to prevent overstaying my student visa) and returned back to my Bf’s and I apartment in Florida where I went to school... we decided together on an arrangement that would benefit both of us: I would stay home and live a simple life while he worked his 9 to 5 job. I’d clean, cook and make sure everything around the apartment was tidy.

(This continues till this very day btw)

Then 5 months later, on August 2019 (and after the counseling of my amazing, supporting parents) I sat down with my boyfriend, and explained him that I can’t continue living like this, living my life with wasted potential and that it was becoming increasingly more difficult to do what we are doing. 

By then, we’ve been together for 2 and a half years (living together for a full year and a half) and didn’t have issues with living with each other... in fact, we enjoyed it. 

So after telling him how I couldn’t keep doing this, I managed to gather the courage and ask his hand for marriage (to properly have a life together). He accepted and admitted he wanted to ask me as well since he saw I was having trouble with the topic (I didn’t want this to be the reason we got married).

I was over the moon for the next couple months, and on November we had a very small wedding with 4 of our closest friends. Afterwards, we ran to the courthouse to be legally wedded in the state of Florida and in the coming days we quickly began to get all the papers together to file for a Marriage Greencard. Got all the paperwork and tax documents we needed for the past 5 years, managed to get translations of documents like my birth certificate and other documents the government requires. And finally, 3 months, and $1800 later (had to ask for money to friends and family) we were able to file for a Marriage Greencard on Feb 2020. 
Then the coronavirus happened, and the entire world shut down, including the USCIS office, which meant that my application (along with many other couple’s) was shelved till god knows when. My savings are gone, I have credit card debt that Im finding very difficult to pay, and on top of that, I can’t work legally until I get my papers... I thought this was going to be my year, but, so far it has been one disaster after another, sadly the end of my 2 year quarantine was and still is nowhere to be found. 

Everything was the same, back to the housemaid life where I cook and clean and put on a smile and pretend everything is fine and try to be strong... till May, when my now husband’s phone would start ringing at weird times in the night, and one day I got curious and looked through his phone.. my stomach dropped when I saw that he’s been texting his ex for a month now, and not only that, but they’ve been having unprotected sex (his ex is HIV+). I tried to think carefully how could I continue from here, how can I confront him without ruining my chances of remaining here in the US.. and finally I reached the conclusion that I can’t risk it. So I pushed it to the back of my mind till I get my documents. Not the best course of action, but getting HIV is the last of my concerns compared to permanently going back home and not having any job prospects or freedom of loving whoever I want to love.

So as a recap, I’ve been dealing with depression.. I don’t know for how long I can continue being a maid with a STEM degree collecting dust on the shelves.. I don’t know for how long I can keep having sex with my husband and pretend that everything is great, I don’t know for how long I can keep waiting for everything to reopen in the middle of this pandemic... 
I can’t see my friends, I can’t work, my life has zero direction and purpose, and I just can’t take this anymore. I’m a strong minded person, but after all this time, this shit-storm has been weighting on me, and day by day, little by little, that strength is just fading away, and the thought of just “ending it all” crosses my mind daily... 

Pray for me, So I can get through this times, where I can’t really see the light at the end of the tunnel.