To savannah, my family, everyone.What does one do when they truly have exhausted all avenues in life? Therapy, Over 40 medications, most of which were forced unto me and caused me to lose more than half of my life; my waking consciousness, more than half of my life long gone and robbed from me. 15+ hospitalizations in ones life for suicide attempts or ideations. None of it works. Each hospitalization leaving me in a worse mental state than when I arrived.

Precious time has been taken from me. I have night terrors almost every night. I have been on this earth for 22 years and in those years I have NOT been shown genuine unconditional love. I am isolated. I am truly alone. I may always be that way.

It's becoming apparent I have to say my goodbyes and prepare to end my life. I am tired of this trauma rendering me disabled and unable to lead a normal life. I am tired of being trapped in my own head. Tired of people disapearing because they are uncomfortable with me when I don't even have anyone. My own family, abusers, the world would be thrilled, relieved, to see me pass and die and I truly do not wish to give them that satisfaction. 

Deep down I am fighting and feel sickness, anger because no one loves me and more people would be pleased to hear that I have finally killed myself... more than they would to see me succeed. To have my own family leave emotional and mental scars, the abuse, the yelling, the name calling, the mind rape, the intentional harassment and degrading... all of it. Leaving me homeless, not accepting my love for women unconditionally; To have my only close friend wreck my fucking soul and lead me on only to beat me and manipulate me and discard of me and laugh at me behind my back while I was on the verge of suicide is more painful than you could ever imagine. I deserve success. I deserve love. I have not been given these things in life.

I want to wake up peacefully in a comfortable, safe bed and see my beautiful wife there next to me. I want to see her smile. I want to come home from work and wrap my arms around her. I want to hear about her day and listen to her voice. To have quiet moments with her. To laugh at trivial, dumb things that only we find funny. To actually live to see my own wedding day despite knowing it very well may be full of empty seats, or a busy, frusterating day just becoming married in court only to go home and just lay around afterwards.

But there isn't a woman out there for me. If there is, she arrived far too late.

It aches to my core, to my actual soul, knowing I may not be able to experience ANY of this; because this is likely not what life has planned for me. Life does not care about my furious efforts. Life does not have mercy on individuals like me who are clinging to this earth by a weak thread, individuals like me who have existed in a litteral poisoned black ocean only to get little gasps of air from the surface. Life is letting me drown, making me drown. Everything pushes me under.

... and because of this I do not want to stay alive past age 30, to spare myself a future of pain I will relieve myself of this excruciating pain and a life I did not ask for, a life I try so hard to make better and fail. Many days I do not know if its worth even waiting until then.

So to savannah, my mother, my father, my step father, grandmother, grandfather, ex-roomates from low income housing, the heroin addicts who beat me in my own apartment, the men who shouted at me and groped me in the homeless shelter, every single school bully, every rude stranger online and in real life, every abusive putrid individial who has caused me great pain... 

You are unloved by me now if you had been previously. You never deserved my time. You robbed me of my life and you do not deserve any breath you take. You do not deserve to live happily ever after while you have taken my happy ending from me. I see you do not posess a soul of your own and this is what drove you to break down my soul until it has come to this. I will commit suicide and die by my own hand and you are to blame. 

I pray knowing there is not a god. There is no heaven or hell waiting for me and I certianly would not want to see any of you there. I pray you suffer from the night terrors you have all inflicted on me. I pray you ache from isolation and a longing for deep love you won't ever get. I pray you experience what I have experienced and then some tenfold. You do not deserve to forgive yourselves and inside I know well enough that you will try and try and try to convince yourselves you did no harm just as you convinced yourselves that "nothing happened" as you brushed your abuse under the rug and twisted it to keep your dignity. You don't feel guilt, regret, or remorse. Any therapist you may seek that tries to coddle and support you is going to only tell you to move on. You don't deserve to be at peace because you have left me with feelings of anger and hopelessness. You have taken away my peace. 

When you ultimatley face your own death I hope you are as prepared for the void as I am. Death is nothingness and for the longest time I feared nothingness. No god is going to save you. Your faith is meaningless.