It's gonna turn out long, no tldr. I'm just putting some stuff from my mind in here, hope someone understands.Hi, SW. I've been here a couple of times before. None of them, including now, are directly related to my suicidal thoughts. In fact, I don't think I ever had them, not truly. I've held a loaded gun and contemplated it, but it wasn't like I didn't want to live. I was just indifferent.


Anyway, these days I have a great life, or at least that's what I tell myself. I live in a pretty house, have lots of nice friends I can trust, a beautiful girlfriend, just started Engineering school in one of the best universities in my country and am learning French in one of the best language course institutions in my state.


The thing is, for a few years, I haven't been feeling happy. I really have a great life, and I keep telling myself I can't say I'm not happy, because I have so much. But lately... It's been fucked up.


My whole life I was told by my family how smart I am, how my grades meant I was intelligent. I entered Engineering school, as mentioned, which in my country is kinda hard, but now I can't keep up. My grades are amongst the lowest. I haven't had true appetite for food for a few weeks. I only feel any joy around my friends and girlfriend, and even then, when they're telling stories, I always feel really bad because my life has been so uneventful. When they were going to parties, I was home on the Internet. My family can only be described as dysfunctional, and I don't trust them for almost anything(with reason).  


Right now, I've stopped studying because I didn't know something. My tests are tomorrow and after. I turned off my phone to see if my gf will call me, and thus, call her attention, even though I don't tell her how I truly feel. I'm just sitting in the dark watching time goes by, not even music lights me up right now. It's not that I want to die, it's just I want to skip to a better time in life. A time when I'm not a house-staying boring nerd anymore.


The only time I truly feel well is when I make someone happy. As in, not making people laugh,something cute for my gf. I mean getting the homeless some food, helping an old lady carry her bags randomly, take a blind man to his bus stop across the bus terminal. It's just, I don't even do *that* a lot.


Thank you if you read this far. Right now, I have nothing else to say. Truly, thank you. You've made an overseas stranger a little more interested in life.