Really need advice to help a friend 

Throwaway because they might frequently visit this sub.

It is hard to convey an entire relationship that has lasted for 8 years over a reddit post but I'll do my best. I  have a friend who has been depressed and suicidal for many years, most  the time I have known him. He suffered bullying all through the end of  middle school and high school, spare a small friend group, and because  of this believes everyone is always out to get him and no one cares  about him when this is simply not true. We are now 4 years removed from  that. There is a group of 6-8 of us, his friends, that are here for him  and listen and try our best to help. We try our best to include him in  things, yet when he is he often begins to feel very anxious, and wants  to leave, and afterwards will complain that no one invites him to  anything.

Lately he has been getting  worse and worse. 7 months ago he was sending pictures of himself cutting  to multiple people, myself included. We had a meeting with his parents  explaining the severity of the issue, and they said they would work on  it. Since then they have tried to get him into a program, he refused the  help, and I haven't heard anything else from them since. Just this week  his parents also canceled his cell service, making him more angry and  making him spiral more and more.

Because  of this we have to help him ourselves. He is resisting it constantly,  saying he doesn't want help because no one cares about him and that we  are threatening him. We tell him we care about him but we can only do so  much as friends, and he needs to get professional help. He has tried  medication and therapy in the past, not sure if he still does either. He  just vents to me daily (which I gave him full permission to do, say  anything he needs to, etc) about how horrible his life is, how all he  does is drink and smoke all day, and how he wants to end it all or kill  himself, yet won't let us help him.

He  has shared his Reddit username with me and I can't help but check it,  and see him posting on subs like suicidewatch, foreveralone, etc, saying  he has no one in his life, everyone abandons him, no one cares about  him, and asking for help. Just this morning he texted another friend  saying "I spent the morning cutting, probably ODd too" and no other  information, other than "it wasn't a lot, just a little more than what  was normal, and when we offered to help him seek help TODAY, he said we  were just threatening him and he doesn't need us in his life.

Should  we attempt to get him involuntarily admitted to a psych ward? We have  done our research on it and it is legal in our state, but the laws don't  seem extremely clear cut. Our biggest worry is that he'll see it as us  betraying him and he cuts us from his life or ends up actually killing  himself because of it. This post is only a small view into the  situation, and I've tried to be as clear as possible.

Thank you very much to anyone who can offer advice, we all really appreciate it.