I wish everything around me would just pauseI dread go to bed at night and waking up knowing I'll continue with this horrible cycle of terrible thoughts. When I was little, it seemed time was moving way too slow. Now it feels like the world is moving way too fast and I cant keep up. Right after I turned 18, I suddenly need to think about so much for the sake of my future. Ive been dealing with suicidal thoughts for 3 years, but I just reached a breaking point recently. I attempted a while back and I failed. It was painful and I guess I felt a slight bit of regret, but there wasn't a clear reason as to why I regretted trying end myself. Maybe it was just survival instincts kicking in and having a lingering effect on me. I still beg for non-existence, but im just too much of a coward to go through with another attempt. I just feel trapped. 

I think my friend found out somehow. I can tell they're uncomfortable talking to me now. I can see them making an effort to talk to me and maybe slip in some words of encouragement about something. Im trying to act normal but I think it's just making them feel a little weirded out and they're not sure what ti say to me. I never wanted them to find out. I feel guilty burdening them with my fucked up self. I wish we never met. Then they wouldn't have to deal with me and they can go on with their life. I am so fucking selfish and I feel so ashamed for feeling suicidal for such stupid reasons.

I never feel like im enough to my parents. I wish they had a different kid. One who could live up to all their expectations. Instead, they got me. I try my best but Im not perfect. I hate failing at things, even the most trivial ones because I know they'll yell at me and I'll be causing them to work even harder than they already do to deal with my failures. I dont deserve to be fed by them and live under their roof. I dont deserve to indulge in my hobbies when I need to focus on my studies. I dont deserve to exist. Im only making them more miserable. I cant remember a day in my life when my parents hadn't had an argument with each other. They're only staying together for my sake.

I just feel like a deadweight to everyone.