I don’t want to be here anymore TW: child abuse, sexual abuse, depression, parent deathI wish I was dead everyday. The last five years of my life have been almost constant misery and I honestly don’t know how much more I can bear. In February 2016 my mom died of a heart attack due to complications of cancer right in front of me, and since that day I have had no actual stability in my life. My father is Bipolar 1 and was manic when my mom died which led him to be hospitalized due to the fact he was not taking care of himself whilst being on the medication lithium which can kill you if it’s not managed well, and it almost did kill him. In the past five years my father has been manic three times, and is currently the most manic he has ever been. My father is emotionally abusive and gaslights both me and my older brother. I have PTSD from when my mom died and my childhood trauma of being forced to do sexual acts on someone else starting when I was until I was 7 years when I left the daycare house I went to. I have struggled with panic attacks since I was junior in high school but I learned how to manage them with medicine but now I’m having one everyday because of all the stress from my dad’s manic behavior. I’ve been suffering from severe depression for over a year now and my dad’s recent manic insanity has made everything 1000% worst when things already pretty bad. I have people in my life who love me like my brother, some close friends and my girlfriend of 6 months but I just feel hopeless anymore. I’m self-harming by punching my hands into the wall and into my furniture. I just feel so broken and sad, and that nothing is going to ever be okay or even just stable. I wish I was dead all the time, so I could be with my mom again, who was the most important person in my life and I miss her everyday. And I wish that the night my dad got really sick and flatlined until he was revived, I wish I had let him die. I feel guilty about but he is such a monstrous person, and every time I think I will see improvement in my life, especially when I have been actively working towards that, he comes and destroys everything and I’m left with nothing all over again. I’m getting to a point where I can’t push through my suicidal intrusive thoughts and that I can’t bear being a life another day because everyday is now another day of misery and sadness that even when I am happy or I feel okay, is destroyed by my dad’s manic behavior. I love the people in my life but I just feel like a burden and that they would be happier without me. I don’t want to hurt them but I’m hurting everyday and I feel so alone and hopeless.