End of line 

My race is run. I’m tired. Tired of my head spinning with memories too horrible to ever settle down. Tired of nightmares whenever I close my eyes. Tired of being afraid to be anything other than alone. Tired of sabotaging my every job and relationship. Tired of hating myself. Tired of the irrational fear and anger that are always just under the surface. Tired of not knowing how to reach out to other people in all those little ways that seem so easy for others. Tired of not knowing how to talk to people, or even beginning to know how to explain this.

I got tired of trying to cover it up by making other people laugh; after a time it became too difficult. Then I covered it up by playing the misanthrope, and now I’m tired of that.

Some people should have their kids taken from them. I was so young when it happened, when I went numb to my own life and to the whole world. As far back as I can remember there’s been six inches of cotton between me and the universe. And yet I know I didn’t start this way. I wasn’t born the non-functional mess that I am. I was made. If it wasn’t the violence it was the inhuman screaming. If it wasn’t the screaming it was the cold disdain and the open hatred. 

My mother made it clear to me from the time I was tiny that my existence was the reason she was stuck in a life she hated. She said this to me clearly and repeatedly. She did everything she could to sabotage my young life. She lied to people, to family, to anyone who would listen about what a terrible son I was. She made things up that I didn’t do, to make them think less of me. She sent me to school with dirty clothes on purpose, enjoying the fact that this made me a target. When I had birthday money she made me spend it on her. Later she pestered and encouraged me to quit school so that I would be nothing. Anything she could do to harm me, from the scars on my body to the scars in my mind. She was such a hateful, manipulative creature with a different face for everyone.

My father was an endless source of savage violence learned from his own not-childhood and passed on to me. My mother used this fact to hurt me further. Even as she protected my brother - the child she chose to have, the one who had her blue eyes - she would set dad upon me like a weapon. I remember endless times, hearing her whispering lies to him, lies about things I hadn’t done that day while he was at work, things I hadn’t said, knowing it would incite him to violence. If I protested I was beaten more for lying, even though I wasn’t. If I begged I was beaten more for being weak. If I apologized I was beaten more for “admitting” to whatever made up thing I was being punished for. 

At such a young age, just single digits, I was already a depressed, closed-off wreck of a person. I’ve never truly been functional or OK. I know that now. There was no respite except to escape into my own mind. My life at home made me obviously different from other kids, and that made me a target at school, too. Thankfully that did stop by the time I was 13 or so but my pattern of self-destruction was already written by then. By then I was already made in this barely functional image. How could I do anything but hate myself, truly and deeply?

I’ve never been able to hold a relationship, a friendship, or a job for very long before I blow it up. Three years at most, then I burn all the bridges. I’ve been so closed off to people who tried hard to love me. I’ve been hyper-sensitive to anything perceived as a threat, even when it’s no such thing. I’m always ready to lash out in defense even when the attack is only perceived. The slightest act of kindness or compassion overwhelms me; the most minute of slights strikes me like an asteroid. 

I’ve tried, and I’ve failed, to be better, to live somewhere other than inside my own head. I’ve spent whole years of my life lying on the couch, depressed, watching my savings and the days of my life trickle away between jobs, living inside daydreams about better lives that I’ll never have. I put everything away in a box, close it tight, and ignore it.

This is where I find myself now, and this is the last time.

I don’t even know how long it’s been since I quit my job at Sony. Two years, maybe more. I’ve done nothing. I can’t make myself do anything. Normally I snap out of this in the nick of time, get a new job, and the pattern starts again. But not this time. Not this time. This time I couldn’t make myself care. My money is gone, I didn’t care. My apartment is a mess, I didn’t care. I knew if I didn’t come around I would be finished, and I didn’t care. I wanted it to be over. I locked myself away and ignored the world until there was nothing but a frozen burrito and two pennies left.

I’ll never really be OK. Whatever it is you’re supposed to learn as a child, about how to connect with other people, how to be alive, I never learned that. I live like I’m spectating my own life from afar. I used to try. Even through my 30s, I tried so hard and it never really worked. It’s like I don’t have the right protocols installed. Socially dyslexic. I tried but I just hurt, pushed away, put off, alienated or ran from everyone. 

I’ve only ever felt happy or at peace briefly. Anything I can lose myself in and focus on totally. Fishing. A book. An engrossing game. A project of some kind. These are my happy times. My work used to do that for me, too, and I think that saved me for a long time. But that stopped being true at some point. And with that gone I feel like I don’t have anything anymore. No amount of hobbies or pursuits or projects will fill that hole.

Whoever said time heals all wounds was wrong. It’s worse now than ever. My head spins constantly like a child with severe ADD. I can’t focus on anything for more than a few minutes. People can see it in me, now. I can tell, these past few years. Something on my face, I guess, that says I’m not OK. I think they mistake it for anger but it’s not that. I’m just broken, always trying to clamp down on my own feelings of fear and pain and confusion and frustration. I feel like an alien all the time. Every failure to communicate and connect and relate adds to it. I don’t want to be that anymore. It has to end.

I did try to get help about four years ago but Team HMO sent me on a wild goose chase. They were more interested in smoking cessation, because customers (“patients”) who smoke cost the company (“medical provider”) money. And that’s what’s really important, isn’t it, in this fucked up world that we’ve made. If I had real doctors I think now they would have called it Borderline Personality Disorder with a side of PTSD.

And in any case, at 46 I’m too old to keep starting over like this; burning my life down and making the same one over again, ending up in the same place. I don’t want to do it anymore. I can’t. I don’t really want to die, but I don’t want to go on like this, either. I ignored that nagging thought on purpose - the one telling me I had to do something while I still could - so that I would have no other option when this time came. As a very young child I learned how to be numb to all the things that were wrong in my life so that I could live another day. I did it to survive. But I learned that lesson too well, I think. I never stopped doing it. And this time it’s killed me.

It’s regretful that I’ve only come to this new self-understanding now, at the end. If I had figured all this out 20 years ago, I know my life would have been different. Had it come to me just two years ago, I might still be alive now. The more I think about it, the more I think I could learn how to be more comfortable with being alive, now. Now that I understand why I feel this way all the time, why I am the way I am, I’m certain I could adjust and adapt. Armed with this new knowledge, I could try. If I had time, I would try. But I don’t. It’s finished.

Only anger has stopped me until now, I think. I’m angry because it feels like if I do this then the people who fucked me up and over in the first place will win. And I don’t want them to win. But today that’s not reason enough to go on.

To Jen Nolan, I know you’ll never read this but I need to say it anyway, to someone. Anyone. No one tried harder than you did. No one hung in there longer than you did. I’m sorry, Boo. Wherever you are, I hope you’re happy.

Good bye