An interesting journal entry.The first part is sort of me venting, but also sort of how I actually feel. The rest are questions I've been asking myself for a while now. 

Some Background: I'm an 18 year old music business major wrapping up my freshman year. I go to school about 5-6 hours from home. I made deans list first semester and probably this semester as well. I'm not bad looking or out of shape. I have two very supportive parents who are married under the same roof. I have a 20 year old brother that I finally get along with. I can talk to them about anything but this.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
5/2 
I know it’s me and not everyone else. But I’m pretty happy with who I am. I seem to have reached an impasse... 
I’m done with exams. I just have to do this dumb shit in dreamweaver, play in the band for graduation, and then my ass is going home. Just in time too, I’m pretty sick of seeing everyone’s shit eating grins, pretending I don’t hate them, and hearing all about their trivial bullshit like anyone cares. I don’t know what I’m doing after that. I’m not really relieved to be done. Just ready to leave. It was a pretty non stressful year in terms of workload. But my faith in humanity is diminished. I don’t want to be a drunken, debauched, douchebag, but I’m under a lot of pressure here to become one. Sounds pretty much like home. I guess that’s just life. 
I haven’t brought this up before in writing, but I have some pretty persistent and pervasive thoughts of suicide. I think I’m better off writing about it than not writing about it. Perhaps in the name of being honest with myself. I don’t know how run of the mill it is, I’m not crying my eyes out every night or slitting my wrists or anything. I’m mostly just not grounded to anything. I don’t believe in a life or consciousness after death, but if, for example, everyone else died, I feel like I would only miss, say, my family. And I figure if I outlived them otherwise, the implication would be that I have to deal with them dying eventually anyway. I know some other people would miss me, but I’m just one person in their lives. It wouldn’t cripple them to see me go. It would probably make them stronger. Since when is it about them anyway? This is me thinking about what I want. Do I even want anything? I feel like I’m being wasteful by existing. I don’t need me, and nobody else really does. They may think they do, but I know they don’t. The whole concept of “I” feels burdensome and altogether pointless anyway. Fuck, “I” never asked for any of this. “I” wasn’t around to do that. 
Why am I conscious? I feel like I don’t need to be in order to do what I’ve been doing throughout my life so far. It makes me altogether less efficient. I could have been an EMT or someone that society needs, but no. I have to want things for myself. I have to consume and think about other things. Why can’t I just be a number? That’s what the rest of the world needs from me. Consciousness is just like a vacuum. That's what Sigmund Freud’s "id" really is. He was barking up the wrong tree with the unconscious. Being evil and taking things doesn’t make sense for serving one’s self in the long run. Rape? Murder? Robbery (unless you’re truly dirt poor)? If they were anything but senseless, they would be more generally accepted by society. But they all do nothing for anyone, including the offender, once you think about it objectively. Harming the harmless doesn’t help the harmful. I believe that there is a pretty high up level of consciousness that must make us do those things. Perhaps not the highest, but up there. That’s where sense is made out of the senseless. It’s where rationalization and overcoming inhibition occurs. Numbers can’t do that. Numbers are harmless. Numbers get shit done. But we’re not numbers. We’re individual people with independent, trivial, unproductive, self destructive wants. I, for one, think that’s unfortunate. Beautiful, but unfortunate. Like a burning city.
	I wouldn’t even call myself unhappy. Things are looking up. At least that’s what I’m told. And I got where I am by doing what I want. So it’s not a ridiculous notion that I should be happy. Maybe it’s not totally ludicrous for happy people to contemplate suicide on a fairly regular basis. Something is keeping me from actually pulling the plug. I guess because there are missing puzzle pieces. I’m kind of on the fence on whether or not it’s sensible. Is it altogether not sensible? I am the owner of my body/personship. If I don’t want that, then why should I stop myself from giving it up? I guess because I can’t get it back is one inhibition, but my dead body wouldn’t want it back anyway. I wouldn’t have a mind to change.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm really pretty lost. But no more than the average person my age. At least I don't think so. What's different is that I know I'm lost. I don't know if that's a curse or not.