I was severely psychiatrically abused and now I can not ask for helpWhen I was a child my parents "volunteered" me for commitment to a horrific state institution for a year to cover up the fact they were abusing me at home. I was physically, sexually, mentally, and emotionally abused in that place that has since been shut down for it's violations. I saw other kids die there. I barely survived myself. It was worse than I could ever describe. I have had severe PTSD ever since. Terrible, constant nightmares, flashbacks, depression, fear, all of that stuff. For so many years now. I've tried so many different things but I just cannot turn my mind to anything but my past trauma. And even though I believe in my mind that what was done to me was wrong and not my fault, I have never stopped feeling completely worthless and subhuman and like I do not deserve anything good in my life. I have always been told that I cannot recover from PTSD unless I go back to the same sorts of people and places who gave it to me in the first place, and this terrifies me. Despite my fear I believe there must be somebody out there with the desire and the ability to help someone like me. But I doubt I will ever find one in the outpatient mental health centers for low-income, uninsured people like me. Again and again I have found people working in such places to be overburdened with caseload and pressured to simply label all the clients with the same flavor of the month diagnosis and prescribe whatever drugs the center has a deal with a pharmaceutical company to provide at low cost to everyone at the time. When I do find a promising therapist they usually get a better job soon and leave. Or I leave cause I have moved a lot. The last time I moved to a new town and went to inquire what sort of outpatient assistance I could seek in this area (two years ago) I was told by a psychiatric evaluator that going through inpatient was the only way to get on the list for outpatient treatment within a month and told me to commit myself to a psych ward. I replied I did not wish to go to a psych ward and was fine with waiting a month. Then she astonished me by suddenly declaring ANGRILY that she was committing me against my will. I said I did not think it was right or legal to do that to someone who is not homicidal or suicidal. She told me she could report me as suicidal and no one was going to believe any different from someone like me!!!! And she called security to take me away. I was only held for four days before a dr. saw me and said, "There's no reason for you to be here." But during that short time I lost my place in the nursing assistant training program I had been working so hard for, my grandmother had a stroke and no one could get a hold of me before she died, all my childhood trauma was ripped open again, and I lost the only feeling of security in this world- the assurance that I would never again be abused in my adult life the way I was as a child. I was not suicidal two years ago when this was done to me, but I have felt increasingly suicidal ever since. I feel being dead is the only way I will ever stop hurting, and the only way to make sure I am not going to be hurt again. The people I am supposed to ask for help when I feel this way are the ones I am afraid of. I still think there must be some good ones, but some are absolute MONSTERS and I just cannot risk running across another one of those by asking for professional help again. What else can I do?