Rambling broken record.I'll be turning 31 in less than 5 months. I'm terrified. Every birthday, especially since I turned 27 for some reason, I feel more and more trapped, hopeless and isolated inside of my existence. Suicide attempt after suicide attempt. Hospitalization after hospitalization. Meds, ECT, therapy, self-harm.

 I was so sure that I would die before I turned 18 but the years just kept coming. I think the biggest reason that I'm still alive is for my sister(she's a year younger than me and the only family member I keep in contact with). If something happens to my sister; I'll have no reason to keep living. I live to spare her the grief. 

I feel somewhat the same about my roommates. I've been living with them a little over 2 years now and they are the first people that I've lived with that I truly trust as friends and financially. If they decide to move elsewhere without me.... I would feel so lost. I have zero friends outside of my roommates and my sister. I'm on disability for mental health reasons so I don't work. My days consist of staying in my bedroom and occasionally interacting with my roommates. About once a month, I'll see my sister. I depend solely on them for human interactions and it makes me feel so desperate. I've been trying to meet new people through dating profiles but after about 2 messages with someone I get this overwhelming feeling of: I'm not good enough. This is hopeless. What's the point. I have nothing to offer. Once they find out what my life is like and see how nothing ever changes for me, they'll realize that they have better things to do than to spend time with me.

 I won't ever let my mental health issues become someone else's problem(I'm not looking for someone shoulder my burdens or fix me) but they're prominent enough that they would prevent any sort of possible productive, healthy partnership. 

It's selfish of me to even pursue a relationship. Which is probably why, when I do meet someone, it's always someone that I only connect with on superficial levels. Someone that I can goof around with but whom I would never have a real conversation with, someone I can drink booze and watch shows with but who I could never make future plans with, someone who would come over share a meal, have sex and go to bed with but I would never want to live with. Finding someone that's actually good for me would never work because I'm incapable of being good for anyone.