Out of character for me to do this, but feeling desperate.Dear reddit,

I never felt I'd resort to an online community for support, but I am feeling like I am trudging on my last leg, and if anything, need some semblance of other human support, for I am dreadfully scared of where my own mind is taking me.

About two years ago I was living in an apartment while taking classes at a local community college.  Most of my friends used my house as a party pad, showing little remorse or respect for my home or my personal belongings.  After several altercations/complaints and being the thick-minded individual that I was, I began cutting off certain people from coming to the house, and eventually had to cut out partying at my house altogether when that wasn't enough.  Sure enough, those people slipped from my life.

I drifted off into solitude and became very depressed, signing up for more classes and hours at work to fill the emptiness time, and then coming home at the end of the day to smoke pot until I passed out.  Having only one free day a week with the schedule I created for myself, I would spend that day every couple of weeks eating mushrooms and tripping out.

After a few times of doing this I developed a condition known as HPPD (hallucinogen persisting perception disorder).  I continued to hallucinate and have consistent flashbacks.  I tried fighting through it, convincing myself it would go away, but after a month I approached my parents to seek professional help.  I was put on a variety of different medications to counter-act the symptoms, but anything I was put on made it worse.

I became completely non-functional, developing a severe panic/anxiety disorder.  I dropped out of school for the time-being, only after being accepted into a number of fantastic universities who withdrew my acceptances after I was unable to complete my units.  My parents kept pushing me to live my life, but eventually I had to quit my job too, and moved back in with my mom.

After 9 months, no signs of improvement, and several suicide attempts, I took a leap of faith and used the entirety of my trust fund to check myself into rehab.  I spoke to the director of the rehab and after he seemed to have a finer understanding of my condition and how to treat it, I felt it was the most viable option.

After two months of being in rehab, I finally cleared up, and for the first time was able to function again.  It was one of the most gratifying and positive experiences of my life, and I had gained many new fresh faces to be a part of my life.

I stayed in rehab, but about two weeks later I began experiencing one of the most painful burning and throbbing sensation down the left side of my face.  The directors of my rehab completely ignored the problem, thinking it was all in my head.  I felt so betrayed, that the people who had once helped me so much were completely ignoring something which was causing my so much distress.

After some pleading I was finally able to get into a neurologist who diagnosed it as trigeminal neuralgia.  The counselors at my rehab did not take the issue as seriously as I needed them to, and eventually I checked out, realizing this was another issue they were not going to be able to help me solve.

A month later a doctor was able to find a lump in my cheek that was the center of the pain.  It turned out to be a benign tumor, which was removed by a surgeon.

As time went my friends from rehab died out, many of them relapsing and going back to their old ways.  One friends stayed put for a while, but he was gay and developed a huge crush on me.  I had apparently given him the wrong impression by being completely comfortable around him (sleeping in the same bed, being affectionate as I would with any other male friend), and he eventually went off the wagon and our friendship dissipated.

The nerves in my face never completely healed.  Some of the more extreme pain died down after the surgery, but it never totally went away.  Because of pressure from my parents and financial problems I wasn't given the option to put life back on hold again to help solve the problem, so I began making a solid attempt to live a normal life.

I am now living on my own again in an apartment in West Hollywood.  I just recently marked one year since the pain in my face started.  I have very few friends around, as I don't get many opportunities to meet people.  I struggle to carry my body around through the pain and meet my responsibilities, but force myself to do it anyways, only to suffer through extreme anxiety and personal struggle.

I began doing acupuncture on a weekly basis approximately two months ago, and though I know the majority of skeptics on reddit would not take the practice too seriously, I can assure you it is the only thing I have found the helps in any way whatsoever.  But throughout the process the pain is still there, and because I never get a full semblance of relief, I find my mental health continue to dissipate.

I have been dating someone for almost 4 months now, and though she has been spectacular as a girlfriend, I have been struggling to hold it all together in my head.  I find myself over-thinking and over-exaggerating aspects of her and our relationship, to the point I have to constantly keep my mouth shut to avoid doing anything stupid.  I have considered the concept that I might not be capable of handling a relationship at the present moment of my life, but I also think I am not exactly in the position to be running away from people in my life who love and care about me.  I am fortunate enough that she demonstrates a tremendous amount of patience with me, even though I wish I could just appreciate that more than I do sometimes.

One of the most difficult aspects of all of it is the difficulty in taking any medication to help deal with these issues.  I cannot take any psychiatric meds, as they will cause my hallucinations to resurface again (I have also continued along in sobriety because of this).  I have a couple of bottles of non-narcotic painkillers, but even those happen to be a bit strong and can cause me some mental problems if I over-take them.  Not to mention they make me completely impotent.

I feel I'm stuck at a helpless spot, where I don't know what is going to help me or make me feel any better.  All I want is to feel relief and to allow my mind to shut off, but because due to all my physical and mental problems playing a constant role in my life, I have not been able to make this happen.  My therapist of almost two years works with me on a regular basis, but even she comes to a stand-still where she knows as well as I do that a lot of my problems won't die down until I am at a point where I feel physically comfortable and can relax.

I've reached somewhat of a breaking point, where I no longer feel capable of continuing on.  The thought of suicide is becoming more and more appealing, and if it were not for imagining the extreme pain it would cause to my loved ones, I would have done it already.

I don't expect any good advice or anything that will help bounce me out of my situation, because I know it is something I am just currently stuck with, but any sort of words that you think will be helpful might just give me enough to move on for one more day.

Thank you for your time.