How do you get from asking for help here to providing support?I suppose that a lot of subscribers here have "been there" in the past. /filter

Look here assholes. I'm not sure if I'm a paranoid schizo, or bipolar, or depressed or what. All the medication so far is bullshit, the therapy is bullshit.

1) Psychiatric drugs? Fuck you. 9 months of various antidepressants have done N-O-T-H-I-N-G. I'm drunk here, now that's a drug that I can feel. I quit drinks for 6 months after my GP guaranteed that alcohol was all that stood between me and stability.

2) Therapy? All I do is show up and tell positive stories. I've been working out, I lost weight, I had a threesome the other day. Hoorah: just how do you get it across to another person that at the end of the day life doesn't feel worth living?

You know what, I think maybe there are one or two people in my life whom I "love" but that feels a lot more like an obligation than a blessing atm. "Bring on the nuclear winter!", I feel, "at least then I won't be responsible for my loved ones' suffering."

Trapped. "I have to get out" sometimes is the only verbal thing going through my head at night. If I think-verbalise the crazy, I suppose, and keep the thoughts to myself that will stop me from acting it out. I often think about killing myself before I fall asleep at night, usually followed by a sense of guilt for all the trouble I'll cause to others. I'm waiting for it to build up to such an extent that I don't even think any more, I just do it.

I've honestly considered that my life's destiny is a choice between killing myself and committing a bank robbery with a fake bomb just so I can be caught and be imprisoned.

Edit: Fuck. Thank you to people who have replied. However, I'm finding that I don't actually have any satisfactory replies for you in turn, so this exercise is really depressing for me. Or it was ok. I don't know. I just don't want to disappoint anyone and I think I'm crazy and destined to die early, goodnight.

EditEdit:  I can imagine a life where I might actually spend my time saving lives like you people. Or doing things that I love, just finding things to love. I have a picture of that. I've a good sense of time, too: 17 minutes jogging today, no more no less. Both my watch and brain confirmed it. I spend more than 5 hours a day just thinking about what to do. If I should do. If I can do. What am I doing?

EditEditEdit:  When are you supposed to call the Emergency Line (911 or 999)? They say to do that whenever I've feeling suicidal, but then I'd be calling it very often. I feel like I actually have to have procured the equipment and be on the brink when I call (once so far) or else it's a waste... does anyone else have this anxiety?