Nobody has ever regarded me as vulnerable, and as a result, I now hate myself and the world.I was always the "big kid" of the family–oldest in my family, and one of the oldest in my extended family. I was always expected to be able to care for myself, without much coddling from the adults around me. As a 23-year-old who still considers herself I a child, I am now royally fucked up because of how I was treated during my chronological childhood. I am filled with every type of resentment towards young girls, because they are everything I've always wanted to be. They're regarded as cute, delicate princesses, which I've never been seen as. It hurts me so badly I can't even tell you. I'm starting to have violent thoughts towards younger girls, oftentimes fantasize about smashing their spoiled skulls into the pavement because I resent them so much. I also think regularly about killing myself, because society sees me as nothing more than a worthless "adult" just because I've crossed the arbitrary threshold of 18. Whenever someone refers to me as an adult I honest to God want to slash my wrists or hang myself. I want to mutilate my body so that I look younger–like the age I know I really am inside. 

The worst part is nobody understands. They either think this is just a matter of me not wanting to grow up and be responsible for shit, not realizing that in actuality, all I want is to be seen as vulnerable and cute. I want people to recognize my identity as a kid. And I don't know, maybe the reason I haven't matured is because I was never allowed to be a kid during my earlier years of life. Maybe what's happened is that emotional debt is starting to catch up to me, forcing me to realize how badly I need love and care, and the fact that I'm not getting it is literally driving me insane. 

At this point I'm worried sick I'm going to lash out and hurt someone else or myself. I honestly just wish I could be dead most days. I've obviously fucked beyond belief with no real hope of ever being "normal." No therapist has been able to help me, and my family honestly seems exasperated by my issues, like they'd be better off without me.