I don't know what to doSo I am currently living with family because of online school. It's been hell. I knew being back home would be bad, but I didn't think it would get this bad. 

 I remember in the weeks leading to my leaving for school I noticed a real change in my mood. While I was away, my mental health improved a lot.  Before I left, I had a self-harm issue from 2015-18. It's hard to pin down the cause as I never could go get help. I am from a family where we all grew up taking our emotions out on each other. I guess my mother and sibling were physically abusive (I grew up with it being pretty normal to be hit even I didn't do things). It stopped as my mother became to old.  I was too afraid to seek help when I started to get suicidal thoughts because I did not want to be committed or have it affect any applications I might submit. I thought I could manage it, but there would days I couldn't feel anything. I started self harming. 

I attempted suicide twice 3 years ago. Since the method I used was painful and ineffective, I didn't succeed and managed to hide it. I haven't attempted since then, and I have avoided self harm that was as severe since then. I'd dig my nails into my skin til it bruised every now and then, but it wasn't scarring so I thought was fine. 

My family  situation seemed to improve, but then took a drastic dip after I left because my father came back. He's not physically abusive. But he is financially abusive and very manipulative. Everyone is on edge and tiptoes around him. It's actually gotten worse in the last few months, and I am having suicidal thoughts again. I didn't think it would get this bad since routine verbal abuse and threats of violence  isn't something I'm dealing with now.  Like I'm not being screamed at for minor things so it's fine. But I'm having suicidal thoughts again. There are days when I barely eat.  Since I have attempted it in the past, I don't think I could go to professional without being labeled high risk. I don't even know if I could go to therapist. I don't know where to go. I'm codependent on my family as I have little savings, which I acknowledge is my own fault. I don't have a job right now. Maybe it's better if I went through with it and tried something more fool proof. It'd be the first time I actually took charge of my life.