I go to therapy, but it's not workingI'm doing everything right that EVERYONE tells me to do to combat depression. I'm a 21 year old lesbian, living with my mom and step dad on an island. Its expensive, (I grew up in little apartments so I am thankful I am here) they are letting me save money. I work as a landscaper after being unable to hold down several retail jobs, and I go to therapy. I have hobbies such as a regular weekly high intensity boxing class I go to. I run a couple of miles on a treadmill at least 1-3 times a week. I'm in shape and I'm pretty toned. Used to be 180-200 lbs back in middle school but now I'm 118lbs. Things are "better" now but I am now TRAPPED. 

Previously my family had kicked me out on and off over being a lesbian, but a permanent time when they saw I had been dating a woman (the stress ended up making me settle and rush into wanting a relationship with her to avoid homelessness, it was broken) when that failed...

I was homeless. In the ghetto. Got sexually assaulted in a homeless shelter while my group of internet aquaintences laughed and talked shit about me for months until I blocked them all. I'd have done it sooner but I was attatched to them all and was afraid of isolation... isolation did turn out to be worse as I now have NO friends. I try to make them, but it never works. I have maybe 5 people online who I talk to but its usually small and I am by no means close to them. I cannot feel close to anybody despite wanting to. I want to SO bad, but that ability is broken despite me trying.

There's a lot of other abuse I've recieved from various people in my life, I've seen deaths and I've seen people doing hard drugs. Lots of traumatizing things I have been through, including having my best female friend and closest human being I've ever been to beat me and mentally/verbally/emotionally abuse me on and off for years and then she badmouthed and laughed about me when she found out what happened to me (homelessness) 

...I'll stop there for now, because I could write a litteral book on how much shit I've been through and survived. Things CAN get better if you make things better (I've been kicking and screaming to stay alive) but for some, like me, if it gets better there's going to be some pain still.

Present day, I take a low dose medication for PTSD, as I have repetetive night terrors of traumatic events in my life. I go to therapy. It's not the best but my health insurance can cover it, and the therapist I have has a good heart and cares so that's good enough for now. I am doing all sorts of stuff (mentioned above) but I CANNOT for the life of me find a girlfriend, and I plan on commiting suicide at age 30 if I am not married or at least in a relationship by my mid twenties (which will be approaching soon because I'm almost 22) 

That whole "love yourself before u can love others!" Is such bullshit. That says I'm not worthy of love, and I love myself enough to know that I deserve a loving girlfriend. People get mad at me and tell me to work on myself. But they fail to listen to me when I say I have lost a LOT of weight, take care of my body and hygyine, constantly try to focus on things I enjoy and when depression kicks my ass and makes me unable to enjoy things? I take up a new hobby and FORCE myself to do so. It is NOT easy.

I'm trapped on this island, when I get matches on tinder they don't want to travel to see me. I cannot travel to see them as it costs $400-$800 to get my car off island... my solution for that is a motorcycle, which I am working on and the redditers over at /motorcycles have been so kind in helping guide me in the right direction alongside my own research and planning.

I cannot afford to live on my own in a dingy luttle studio apartment in any state in this country, even if I continue to do landscaping. I can't live with other people, because I've been abused by drug addict roomates in the past  (low income housing programs chose roomates for me)
I want a girlfriend but there are no other lesbians in my area, its depressing and I cry about it daily. I see no other purpose in life because the one goal I have is looking forward to my wedding day and having a beautiful wife. I may never have that. Something seems deeply sad and wrong to my core with having to wait for love. Love doesn't just happen and I'm doing all I can to get it. It's hurting.