What's the point?I don't mean "what's the point," in a philosophical sense, whereupon you tell me about the absurdity of life and how miniscule the chance to even be alive is, I mean, what is the point of even moving?

I am having trouble even moving, even typing is difficult. What is the point? I am always deficient, and if you are deficient, you get one of three things, in ascending order of shit: 1) ignored, by far the best option but not what you want at all ; 2) pitied, it's attention, but the worst kind, except for... ; 3) mockery, you get made fun of for even so much as thinking about looking at another person. You're expected to show up, otherwise you're "antisocial," but when you do, you remember exactly what you don't.  It gets very old being the punching bag, if noticed at all.

I am just sick of always seeing the negative side of humanity; it is like the benevolent aspect is sequestered off and I do not for the life of me understand why. I have tried everything and then some, and, exasperated, I feel much worse off than before, because before I had excuses. It is very obvious I am a loser, and sometimes, when I try to talk to people my age, they just laugh at me. I used to party, I used to have tons of fun to the point where I am surprised I am even alive, and people I have known in the past are as well. But now, people make assumptions, they will taunt me, like a woman not answering when I say hello, then turning to her friend and talking about the time she lost her virginity, and that clearly I was a "nice guy" or whatever other stereotype her mind started to run on. This happens a lot, I get made fun of a considerable amount, though, truth be told most just ignore me like they do everyone else. It's that nothing or negative that gets me, where is the positive. I have been attacked before, I have been yelled at, and taunted, and so much more, but at the same time, that's all I get.

I don't understand, I can not even relate to those around me anymore. I do not see a point in going outside, because this is just kind of a joke. I don't understand and I want to. I have to die very soon, I have been wanting to kill myself for over a decade, I remember the last solstice writing a note and wishing I was dead. A year more effort, and all I wish was that I was dead even more. I don't understand, why doesn't everyone get a chance?  I'm not that inferior, I am not that ugly, or that awkward, but I'm not good enough for anyone, and I don't want to die, but this increasing disparity between those around me and myself is just going to continue and thus I can not. I don't understand...people just mock those who need help the most, then turn around and pretend to be community. Where is the humanity, where is the heart, where is the love?