Something I was gonna post. I thought I'd share anyway.So basically I just started ranting and typing things that came to mind. Eventually I was not feeling like I did when I started but I went to the effort to type it, someone may find it interesting.

Title: Want to die, but can't.

tl:dr; The heading

So basically there is a whole lot of me that want's to just give up. I mean, I have this masterful plan which involves a bridge and a rope to end with a bang but there is this tiny part of me that doesn't.

I'll give you some history. I usually come across as shy, (somewhat) arogant and seems like I don't have a lot to say (which is usually the case). Combined with the non-stop emotional slaughter my sister gives me almost daily, I'm not that out going which I think is part of me feeling like this.

There is also the year of bullying I got at school but that wasn't as big of a factor I don't think since I tought care of that (the right way, no fights). Now this may come across pathetic (probably is), but I have no real friends that are girls. I mean, yeah, I can say 'hey' to quite a few but I won't get invited out or anything.

Even with guy friends I am usually the last one to be called for anything mainly because I live the furtherest away from the places to go socialise (I want to move closer) and for how I am, I suspect.

Also, at the start of the year I was almost in a relationship with a girl. Yes almost, but the long and short of it is, she chose someone else over me which doesn't help much either.

Since grade 10 I have had my mind set on becoming an engineer and I'm currently doing that. I'm in my second year (woo!), but I dislike the actual engineering part (not the math, but moments, forces, bending etc) and I'm not sure if it's what I want to do. 

Combined with that my part time job (actually a casual job but more of a part time thing) is so dead end, I can barely pay for my fuel to drive to uni, if my car breaks I am fucked six ways with no hope and I am not guaranteed any hours so I can't save any money since some weeks I can't work due to uni finishing late some days and them not having any hours.

To make things worse, my mum (who I live with), is having some financial trouble - we should be good in a few weeks hopefully - but I still am stressed about not being able to pay for anything. Also, my sister constantly reminds me about of this, tells me to go to work (when she knows how it is) and tells me I do nothing for my mum (I help with computer stuff and tech stuff, but dont really wash anything unless she goes away for a while).

I've tried to get another job but Uni is such a pain to work around. I am only free 4 days a week (2 being the weekend) and this means every other applicant has an edge over me already. I want to become a freelance web designer while at uni but am not sure I can take that much responsiblity by myself.

I'm doing alright at Uni to (5.85 out of 7 for my first year), but as I said, I don't really like what I am doing. Also, my degree has like 10 girls in total so that also crushes me hopes at making any good friends (no girlfriends, just friends).

I know I probably have it alright, I know someone is probably homeless who is reading this or something but I just can't shake the feeling.

My plan was to go to this bridge and drop a rock off. time how long it takes to fall, and work out the birdge height (might as well put those physics to use aye?). Then buy some rope that is just over half the length of the bridge and tie a dead mans knot at the end. then drive to the bridge one night, and tie the rope to the railing and.. jump off. I even went so far as to learn the knot, but that was partly me just being curious.

And a few nights this year I have just cried, just thinking about me until I get so tired and fall asleep. I guess I just don't see anything in me. I have tried to be really nice to people. I've done the douchebag thing to people. I've been myself. I can't even reconize any signs  from this girl talk to regulary (the only one, mostly over msn, yes, how pathetic..) and she said she does like white men (like me, she is asian) but i am too scared to make things awkward and ruin what little i already have.. like I did with someone at the start of the year.

I'm not sure what I should do. I'm not fat, atheletic build... people think I am "smart" (omg you can code css!) and I don't do drugs or have done anything criminal... i mean, other people like me can talk with nice people and that. There is just something I want to fix, need to fix... but don't know what.

So I guess I am depressed, but I am not gonna go on medication to feel better... I am pretty anti drug for anything. I suppose...and I don;t want to tell anyone or else I'll be judged like no tomorrow. I mean it will be "hey, its the guy that thinks about killing himself, lets be sure to be nice so he doesn't try anything"..

Oh btw, you may think "dude that girl was over 3 months away! And I know, I don't have feelings for this girl.. but it still plays on my mind what I almost had (the relationship). I mean, I have nevr had a real girlfriend. Yeah, heaps of people on reddit are the same, i read it all the time but that doesn't make me feel any better.  I guess you could say I want someone to care about me. Which I do, but then again, I don;t want to screw anything up. I suppose I am scared of making things worse so i'll continue to be unhappy. I'm quite energised to tell this new girl how i feel but a friend of mine already liked her... and he asked her but she flat out rejected him. now It would be the biggedt dick move to try ask from my perspective. If i ask, and she says no, it'll be awkward  between us. if i ask and she says yes, our mutual friends will think less of me and her and the my friend will probably hate my guts... and then if things so wrong I lose/become awkward with half of my friends... and we go to the same Uni.

Man...it feels good to write this down, I'm quite happy but still stressed out. I forgot to mention I have an exam tomorrow which I am not fully prepared for. I mean, I know the principles. I know how to do it, except for the one part. I try and do it but I'm always slightly off and get it wrong. It's a kick in the balls when you study, understand it in the lecture and get home and attempt the assignment and you have no idea where to start and there are no examples even like it.

I'm pretty alright now I guess... or maybe I am just tired. In anycase you guys might like to hear my problems. Don't worry, that little part of me won't let me kill myself (like how the candidates on lost cant kill themselves).

