My dog is what keeps me alive and I feel guilty for it.Just trying to vent a little. Recently I have been trying to turn my life back around. Depression wasn’t going to kick my ass anymore. I started going outside, and I got a puppy about a month ago. He is the love of my life, and has been my light in a seemingly hopeless world.

A couple weeks ago, I felt myself falling back into a depression. My roommate(sister) called me out on leaving the kitchen messy and since then I’ve been trying much harder to do my part.

Last night, I hadn’t eaten all day because I was busy and forgot and needed something quick so I went and got some McDonalds, bad decision. Hours later I felt achey and cold. And after a couple hours of that I went to go get the ibuprofen from my sisters room. I got dizzy on the way in and fell and puked all over her floor. She told me to go lay own and shed bring me some meds. She ended up cleaning up my pile of puke, which I was apologizing for and being grateful towards her for helping me

Fast forward to today, where I get a text from her demanding that I roll her a blunt and leave it on her dresser for her. A little ticked, I go to the dog park and play with my puppy for a couple hours. And when I come back to the house, the first thing she says is “where’s my fcking weed”. I calmly explained that I was thankful for her helping me but it came off as very distasteful to demand me to do that for her as payment.

Things escalated very quickly, and she ended up saying that I’m worthless, all she does is clean up after me(not true) and that she regrets ever getting me out of my horrible living situation to live with her because I’m not worth it, and to get out of her house, which we pay even rent on. She ended up slapping me and I left in a hurry because I didn’t wanna hurt her. 

My dog is the only reason I’m here. The only reason I haven’t pulled the trigger is because I know how destroyed he’d be. I’m the only one he loves. I need help bad and I can’t even feel comfortable in my own home