I know this is SuicideWatch, but I can't post this on AITA and I would still like to know the answer to my Question, AITA for self harm? A bit of backstory here, I have started self harm since I was 10 years old due to depression. My parents do know of this and every time they see that I have new scars they will be quite angry, but some of the reasons that I self harm is also because of they being abusive sometimes, such as once when my mother pushed me off the chair I was sitting and punched and kick me for something very small that I no longer remember. Whenever they get angry and scold me or hit me I would also get emotional as I am still a kid, and I would have to calm myself down fast or I might do something rash and get things worst, so I would self harm secretly as it was quick, silent and easy. I could also distract myself with my phone but most of the thing I was either unable to get it or they will take it away from me.

So the problem starts a few days ago when my father saw that I a lot of new cuts on my leg. I don't really remember the details of why I harmed myself anymore as I try to not think about it too much. His reaction when he saw the scars was to hit my leg at the spot where my scars are. I was just 13 and I was scared of my parents so I didn't really think to protect myself and I just sat there and let him continue punching and kicking my leg where the scars are while scolding me. He also said a lot of things like: No wonder you don't have any friends at school (I really don't) and that I am stupid. He also took my phone away from me and mash it on the ground while saying how the phone was harming me. Some time later, my mother forced me to apologize to my father for self harming. I understand that they might be worried but I think that hitting me especially on my newly formed scars was a bit too much.

The next day in school I went to see my counselor and told her about this, but she stood on my parents side and told me that it was indeed my fault for hurting myself in the first place and things like that. I felt really hurt when I was told that but maybe she might be right?

So, AITA for cutting myself when I was in stress and have no other way of calming myself as my parents won't let me do anything and did I deserve the treatment I got