I can’t take this much moreI’m in an awful living situation right now. I moved back to America after living abroad for a few years because my mental health was suffering and I was pretty suicidal but mental health care was super limited where I was. 

I came back and lived with my god mother(who my mother now hates because of a fight over my mom not paying back my god mother for a car she bought her). I worked full time right away, got therapy, but then COVID hit and the job was in mental health care and it was all too much. I went into a php(5 day per week 6 hours of group therapy) for a month then returned to work part time.

My god mother didn’t like that I was part time but the job was too much. I got into a good grad school and got a paid internship but she was still annoyed. Her brother got divorced and she basically kicked me out so he could live there.

I had to do what I really didn’t want to and live with my mom, uncle, and cousin. My mom has verbally abused me my whole life. She gaslights me, insults me, tries to make me feel awful if I don’t do what she wants. To complicate things my cousin is very mentally ill and violent. He threatens her and now me. Today he called me a worthless whore for using my computer to play a game in the living room. Meanwhile my mom called me a piece of shit for forgetting her tweezers in the bathroom and told me she wished I died instead of my brother(died 3ish years ago right after my dad). We have to share a room so I go to the living room to get away from her, but when I do my cousin throws things and slams things and calls me names too. I’m waiting to start on a few cases still at work so I won’t be full time for at least a month or so.

I can’t escape. My mom gaslights me so badly, the worst I can think of is she took $600 from my purse(her money she had me hold for her because she’s awful with money, hence our living situation) because I put my foot down and told her I was going to get a roommate instead of an apartment with her. She called me names then told me she took it while I was on the phone with a friend, then promptly lost the money. She now denies ever taking it and says I’m a crazy liar and my friend is too. She also maybe 2 years ago while I visited for Christmas, mocked my rape that happened a few years prior. She denies knowing it was a rape and said she thought basically I was just a slut. When I point out she’s behaving like a gaslighter she turns it on me and tells me I’m lying to her to manipulate her and she must be so awful to be hated so much etc etc.

On top of that as I hinted at throughout the post my last few years have been awful as is. My dad and brother died, a 5 year relationship ended with him cheating then leaving me for her, I was raped, all within like half a year. 

I just see no way out. I’m so stressed out and there’s no escape. If not for COVID I’d try to go to a shelter but honestly at this point maybe risking sickness/death is better than being here. I feel like death is my only way out, and even if I don’t do it myself someone I live with might anyway.