Well...I was never good at writing when there's a deadline. Perhaps near the end of this note there will be a touch of eloquence.

 To be blunt, I've thought this way for a long time. I hate this planet, this solar system, and what lies beyond the ever expanding cosmic abyss. 
I've had this thought since the moment I gained enough self awareness to do so.  It's possible to be completely sane and not want to be a part of this world. 
 All I see around me is hate, and cruelty, and suffering. Anyone who doesn't is in denial. 
 For some, it's simply a matter of trying to make this place a better one to live. For themselves, for others, who can say? Humanity is something of a mixed bag.

One thing is for certain. It doesn't matter. 

You have an 80 year window to 1: learn how to not fail miserably at life

2: Grow to a level where you are self sufficient

3: Have a job 

4: Seek out fellow members of your species to talk about cars, hockey, jobs, 
whatever is on the internet, and about how shitty certain other members of your species are

5: Repeat as necessary for optimum happiness

6: Try not to die

7: Die


You will try and understand and you will fail. You will try and find justification and you won't. I don't want your support or your love or your caring.

My reasons are my own. I was never anyone's first choice or anyone's preference. I tried to be nice and polite and I never intentionally hurt anyone. 
And yet, I was the weird creepy guy. You may say these things are my fault.

Your right.
I blame no one but myself. Everything that ever happened in my life is my fault on some level or another.

 Sometimes i just walk down the street and see people walk by with their little smiles and their spontaneous little laughs, and I wonder how they do it.

 Maybe if I was a bit more outgoing or maybe if I was a little better of a person, or maybe if I felt like anyone had the slightest respect for me... would I still stick around?
Perhaps.
There are only a few exceptions to this. Those that were the exception, I love you all. Sorry I'm hurting you and stuff.

But it's my choice to choose when I check out. If I were to stick around I would be dead in a few years anyway. Maybe I'll get cancer. I certainly smoke enough.
Maybe I'll be mugged and murdered. One of the most vivid dreams I remember is walking down the street and getting beaten and stabbed. 
Maybe I'll live long enough to watch my body atrophe and become a withered husk of a man. Why would I want to live to see my body slowly die?
Like congrats man, you avoided death for 80 years so we are going to reward you by making you lose your mind, your hair, your bodily functions. 
A heart attack at an age where you are too old to comprehend what is happening? BEST DEATH EVER AMIRITE???

 Life has a purpose. And it's to live to death. I'm just taking a shortcut. Whatever lies beyond, I'm quite excited. 
Will I be a ghost?

Will I be reincarnated as the next person to be born after my death?

Will I be reincarnated as the next person to be born after I was born?

Will I be reincarnated as a ferret?

Will I ascend to a higher state of being?

Will I go to hell? 

Will I be in a dream state forever?

Will I simply stop existing?

One things for sure. I don't want your heaven. 

Fuck you all
