An illogical desire to leave this worldI'll preface this by saying that I feel like I'm a weird case.  Twenty-one year old college junior at a lovely mid-western US university, perfect grades, decent friends, etc.  I sincerely think that I'm intelligent and likeable.  No history of other suicide attempts, though I first encountered suicidal thought at the age of about 13 or so.  I feel like it is a phasic feeling and that this phase will likely pass as well.

I'm studying to become a science educator, and I have very little reason at this point to think that this has been a bad decision.  Nevertheless, my career path seems to be a major source of stress for me.  I'm not sure how else to expand on this, but I'm sure the potential for career difficulty in the field of education is a widely understood thing.  Science is my passion, and I would love nothing more than to help people understand this Universe a little bit better.  I just don't know if I can be a good educator yet, because I've only studied education in theory so far.  Sometimes I wonder if being a teacher is "too easy" for how I gauge myself in intelligence.  I also feel that education is a field that needs the most intelligent people in the world, which is how I derive my calling to the profession.  My first field experiences begin next semester, and I feel like they will enlighten me.

I have a considerable amount of student loans, though not nearly as much as some other students, so I feel lucky there.  Finances are definitely another source of stress, however.  I'm on the cusp of becoming independent from family support, and I don't know if I will be able to do it.  I am a stringent saver, and I feel like I could live quite simply and still be happy.

I just feel like I'm at an event horizon related to my adulthood and that I can't see what's in my future, so my mind races to all the worst possibilities.  What if I have to move back in with my parents?  What if I would rather be a homeless drifter than fail at independence?  What if I just go as far as my gas tank and bank account will take me so I can see some of the world before I give up entirely?  What if I just found some quick method of ending my life so I wouldn't have to worry any more?

I'm having a hard time seeing the difference between an oblivious, neutral suicide and oscillation between positive and negative in the living world.  I feel like they are equivalent.  My biggest roadblock is in not wanting to disappoint the people that know me.  I've always worried so much about disappointing others.

To add on to this, I feel so guilty for wanting to educate people when I can't even claim to have a good grip on my own life.  Shouldn't a teacher be stable and confident?

I just wish I had a sustainable career to work at and a place to live by myself.  I would do anything to have more faculty over my own privacy.  Currently, I live with an elderly relative near campus to save money on living expenses.  I'm grateful for this opportunity, but it is extraordinarily depressing and stressful.  I see the demise of my own intellect in the senile population.  I feel that I would rather die before the dulling of my own mind.

So, I humbly thank whoever reads this.  I feel that it's obvious that this is more an exercise for myself than an actual outreach for advice, but I would love perspective on my situation from any redditors' replies.  I know that my life is always beautiful in hindsight, and that living a full life of challenges and difficulties can be remembered lovingly.  I know that there are ups and downs, and that I will likely not feel suicidal next week.  Even with all of this information, I can't draw the logic to desire to keep living.