Do I deserve any respect?I am posting here because I would like to get some objective opinions on a matter which bothers me. I've recently been through a painful breakup and yesterday I contacted my ex to try and get some of my stuff back, which he borrowed from me. During our short relationship he had to deal with some of my depressive episodes, but I thought he didn't mind that. And this time I made the mistake of mentioning to him that I do not want him to contact my family in case I die because he would just make them view me in a bad light (during our relationship I did some things which I'm not proud of). Indirectly, I implied that I'm feeling suicidal.

To that he replied that if I don't stop acting so immaturely, he will tell my family himself everything about my suicidal thoughts. He said that my mental illness is only made up because I like to feel sorry for myself and he blackmailed me, giving me a short period of time to adopt some random cats and dogs (I know, this is so random and messed up), knowing that I cannot do it because of my job and my landlord not letting me keep pets. I am totally frightened now because if my family ever finds out about the extent of my depression (or self-pity) they might force me to move back in with them, which would completely destroy me. I would much rather die than have to move back in with my parents. 

This leaves me in a bad situation, and it seems like death is the only way out. Besides, I am sick of being labelled as an immature coward. I keep trying to get better (I've had years of counselling and taking medication) but my ex says that I am not doing enough, I'm faking an illness and I do not deserve any respect. And I feel like he might be right, because maybe all of this is just a load of attention-seeking on my part. I used to believe that everyone deserves to be respected but now I am starting to think that maybe I'm an exception, and I'm  just a worthless coward who is better off dead anyway. Can anyone give me any idea for a way out of this?