Count Down To Death Date: 2I had a dream last night. A dream that maybe there was hope. A dream that I had millions of subscribers on youtube and I was with the girl of my dreams. I was friends with people I once looked up to. I had a lot of money, I was so happy..

..Until I woke up

Then the depression and hatred for myself hit my like a truck, it was 7:35am

Still ignored by girl of dreams, channel that isn’t growing at all on youtube, no guarantee that I’ll even graduate from high school.. I was clearly back in reality

Last week I had emailed some Youtubers (I won’t say which ones but they’re big) about my channel, even sending some scripts I made with me in them and hoped maybe they’d be interested in them

Collaborations were my last hope in my plan actually working

I didn’t expect a reply within a day obviously since they probably get emails all the time

I tried as hard as I could to make the emails professional. I put “Dear (insert name here)” so it didn’t seem spammy, I made sure I linked my social media and YouTube channel, and I even asked for prices just in case they wouldn’t reply if I didn’t get money involved. I was more than willing to pay

After about a week I started to wonder why I still haven’t gotten anything yet. I added read receipts to the emails from this extension called boomerang so I know if it was read and ignored or they just didn’t see it yet

They were opened, but I never got any replies

One of them were opened like 16 times and I was excited because I figured maybe they were really interested, although it didn’t make any sense why I haven’t gotten a reply yet

I decided to test that theory by using my anonymous email to send fan messages and what do you know, they responded within a day

So they never responded, not even to say they weren’t interested, but I was simply ignored

Isn’t it business etiquette to respond to business emails, I know there are spam and all but my email wasn’t spammy at all. I reread it like 4 times to make sure there weren’t any misspelled words

I worked hard on those scripts too.. I wrote them in script format with google docs because I don’t have final draft. Which was stressful. They could’ve at least told me their opinion on it, like I said in the email

It’s one thing to get ignored by your friends, but by people you once thought were your idols, I guess that hurts in a whole different way. But what can I do? “they’re not obligated to reply”

The only little piece of hope I have left of my plan working is just posting my animated movie and hoping the youtube algorithm picks it up, which obviously isn’t going to happen

I knew this idea was never going to work. But I’m so used to taking ignored messages personally it still hurts knowing it backfired

Suicide still sounds like a great idea. I only managed to submit one incomplete assignment last night

I guess I’m going to summer school.. AGAIN

I go to summer school every fucking year. From the 3rd grade, to this year. The only years where I didn’t go to summer school were 7th grade, 8th grade, and 10th grade. But I did have to take extra classes in 8th grade. This year I had to take Algebra 2 again because I failed during my junior year and summer school following that; And I failed AGAIN because of the fucking coronavirus

As a matter of fact I pretty much failed every class because of covid 19

So what’s the point of living? I get ignored all the time, my plan to be successful my way has gone to shit, and I can’t even graduate high school

I stressed for 2 months this year finding a job. Getting rejected back and forth, getting ignored, Then when I finally get an interview I feel like the stress was worth it and I can move towards my plan. Then I’d make the money to go to vid con and actually meet them and show them my channel instead of just emailing them. But thanks to covid 19 they paused applications

I then thought I lucked out when I got an interview for Kroger. But thanks to my stupid parents I couldn’t go. It was no use trying to contact the hiring manager

Yesterday morning I got 2 emails from other Krogers I applied to telling me they weren’t interested in hiring me so that was another kick to my already mangled body

I know most of you idiots will try to tell me to wait it out “it’ll end eventually, then you can continue with your plan” SHUT THE FUCK UP

Are you reading this list right now? Are you reading it? Then don’t tell me that bullshit

I probably would wait but the point is getting a job was to move out of my parents house so I didn’t have to go to college because they have the “college is everything” mentality

But since I can’t now I have no choice but to apply or else my life will be hell thanks to them

Yesterday I left the house for the first time this month with my mom to get my refund for my senior trip ticket I bought. I saw other kids coming through in their cars by themselves, I know most of them still have jobs

Here I am back to square 1. I lost everything I worked for

I used to drive around the city to relax. Now I can’t drive anywhere because I’m not covered by the insurance on their shitty Toyota rental and they think I’m going to crash even after I proved to them multiple times I’m good at driving

I almost got hired twice. I could’ve been making $2,000 a month, but instead I only get $150 dollars from my mom every month because she thinks that somehow makes up for the plans SHE ruined

What the fuck is $150 supposed to get me? I can’t fucking go anywhere anymore. I can’t afford the things I truly want, it’s not enough to help me move out. All that shit is going to get me is pity items in an attempt to help me deal with this. But I don’t see myself doing that for the rest of my life because I had to give up my dreams

Once again I’ve been defeated by my parents. This year I was supposed to get the upper hand. But they won.. again

I’ve accepted my loss; and I’m officially killing myself. Next time the fucking leave to Louisiana I’m going to be dead. I know how I’m doing it. I’ve done my research, because I’m scrawny with hypertension it should kill me instantly with no pain

The blood is in their hands and I couldn’t give a fuck if they cry. If anyone cries. Thinking about how much I “impacted their lives”. How? How did I impact your life at all? Me existing or me writing this isn’t a valid reason. Give me a genuine reason. Even if you manage to think of a reason other than those I’m still killing myself

I’m doing it for me. I’m getting rid of the pain

The revenge that happens to come with it is not writing any notes and having these losers think it’s their fault I died

It’s not like I’ll care, I won’t feel anything, or think anything, at all because I’ll be dead. There is NOTHING after death; And that’s how I like it. I felt nothing before I was born, I won’t feel anything when I’m dead

That’s it. I’ll write more of these tomorrow. Until the inevitable finale