My StoryI'm really struggling with killing myself right now.  Just got out of jail for domestic violence, I won't get into the details.  Basically it boils down to, I have been struggling with alcoholism due to PTSD (mil vet), anxiety and depression for the last 10 years, and my wife encouraged me to try her anti-depressant to try and help me.  So I started using it, but it's definitely just an element to my problem, not really the root or biggest deal.  For the entire time I was with my wife, I had a habit of going manic, depressive, but not usually suicidal.  Once in a while I would express it, but reason verbally that my kids keep me going.  


3 months into this drug, citalopram, and one of my manic episodes turned into a very serious attempt at suicide.  There was a family trigger with my father, my wife got scared and called the cops.  Then I was into full panic.  I have a few pending custody issues going on that I know a domestic violence charge would completely obfuscate my position, and I instantly ran for my gun safe to try and kill myself to make what I considered at the time the best possible outcome for my wife to keep my daughter in her custody rather than my daughter going to my ex's family (their family is on record for sexually molesting her as an infant, but CPS cares more about the very provable alcoholism that I had at the time and had no interest in protecting my daughter from her predatory, might I say evil, family...luckily the law was on my side in the end and after much fighting/legal fees)  


Anyway, I am in no way excusing my behavior, just trying to understand it.  My wife perceives me trying to take the phone away from her while she was calling the cops to stop me from being suicidal as assault, which she has every right to and I'm in no way trying to downplay.  Actually, that's the primary reason for my self-loathing.  


I absolutely love my wife.  I adore everything about her, I can't even think of 3 flaws she has off the top of my head.  In fact, the only thing I can think of is her patience and understanding.  Her compassion, her love, how hard she tried to help me get through my problems.  And now, 3 months into citalopram at her advice, I have finally put hands on another person, despite my absolute pacifistic core values.  I can neither understand how I acted that way, nor forgive myself for it.  My family and friends, with great reason, have chosen to excommunicate me to stand with her.  I would give them that same advice if they asked me what to do.  Nothing gives me more solace in knowing that her of all people is the person that will guide my children to adulthood.  


With all the circumstances that I face, if I was to try my best and power through this, I'm looking at 5-20 years in prison, and out of respect for my wife I will not fight any of it.  However, I am a very strong willed person, and I do not want to spend 20 years in a cage and watch my kids grow up through letters in the mail.  My wife finally drew a line in the sand, and I agree with her.  My kids do not need me around them growing up, even if I think I have some philosophical value to add to their rearing, and even my wife would probably agree that I'm a genius when it comes to non-physical discipline and education for them...but I will never forgive myself for forcefully trying to snatch the phone out of my wife's hand, and now that the law is involved, I'm afraid any optimism going forward is just hot air.  

I feel like if I was to remove myself from the picture now, before they get too old, would be best for them and me.  I'm an affliction to everything and everyone I've ever loved, and I've gone against my core principles and beliefs in a way that I can't understand.  


I want someone to explain to me how living the next 5-20 years in prison is better for my kids and ex wife, than just committing suicide.  I know I can financially provide for my family, I have a business etc, but my wife does as well and she does not need me for anything like that.  I think she's also decided that she doesn't want me around the kids outside of her whim.  At the same time, I need someone to do that, because my wife clearly doesn't want me to kill myself, and I'm sure my kids don't, but despite that, I will no longer get to be a part of their life until they are in college.  I've actually gone through physical torture in my military service, but I can not endure that sort of emotional torture.  I was abused my entire life, raped 3 times before I ever even had the courage to ask a girl to a middle school dance... I really just want it to end.  I want to become a distant memory in everyone's mind because I'm tired of hurting the people I love.  I don't know how to stop, I just blackout and sabotage everyone I put before myself.  I want to stop hurting.  I tried my best to be happy and now I've hurt what makes me happy.