My awful body brings me so much anguish. I've failed at every step of life.I'm 22. 10 years ago this month, I tried to kill myself for the first time.

"Just wait until you're older," someone tells me in kindergarten. They read me the ugly duckling.

Puberty starts. I'm taller than everyone I know, boys start calling me a giraffe. A few years later, my parents have too much to deal with, and they start calling me a cow when I become obese at 10. 

At 12, I attempt suicide. I try again at 13, 14 and 16. Eight months of my life have been inpatient. I try one more time at 18, and a day and a half later I wake up on my floor. I am obese, mannish, tall, stupid and anxious; a nightmare to witness.

Out of disgust, I adjust: mental illness and the successful ideal are opposites. I have to make up for the failures of my fried, adolescent mind. I go to college, I do well. Every day I pretend I'm capable, and every night I curl up and dig my nails into my own back. Two years into school, I run out of steam. My work suffers. I lose faith that I can ever be capable.

This year, I become bitter.

Lose weight? Fine. I foolishly mimick starvation and lose 100lbs in 9 months. It makes me sick. My fat body's skin hangs off of a thin frame. Nobody sees-- I'll never see my friends again, we're finishing our degrees online-- and nobody cares. 

I see myself today: a failed organism, writhing in desperation. No matter what I go through--loss, cruelty, abuse-- my simple failure to form overwhelms me. Quarantine and 8 months of complete isolation are the nails of my coffin. 

I'm way too wrecked to raise kids or succeed in my field. My line, from strong men and women who survived one of the most war-torn regions and periods in history, will end with me. It's hilarious that this is really all about wishing a guy would want me. If a man did care for me, I would be scared. I know I would fail him. You can never run from childhood mental illness. My rotten heart is contagious and I can't offer it.

Dozens of therapists, countless medications, nothing works.  I've spent the majority of my life hating myself. This is hell and I want to be free. In this life, I'll never be anything but a miserable, dumb, fat cow.