How do I help a friend who is thinking of suicide due to ongoing sexual abuse from a member of the Catholic Church and recent suicide of wifeWe are second year students at a UK university. She is German and her parents are very Catholic. Her mother has been writing a thesis for the last 10 years about the process in which bread and wine literally turns into the body and blood of Christ to give you an idea of how religious they are. They were somewhat neglectful during her childhood, not because they were terrible people but they just have a fucked up view of what’s good for a child.

She has been sexually abused by a member of the church for a long time now. She thought it would stop when she went to university, but it just continued when she went back to Germany in the initial wave of the coronavirus. Recently 2 hour long prayer phone calls for her parents birthdays have been a trigger for her.

She is financially dependent on her parents. They have talked about maybe moving her to a university in Germany. When she heard this she was and still is terrified, because this would mean having to go to church with her parents and the abuse continuing. She is seriously thinking about suicide to escape.

A few months ago she got married to her girlfriend of over 5 years (hidden from her parents obviously). I was so happy for her when I found out. But last week her wife committed suicide, and left her a letter basically saying that she wouldn’t have to feel guilty about committing suicide to escape the abuse now because the person it would hurt the most is dead.

I am very angry at her wife, this is essentially guilting her into suicide. Before she had been thinking about suicide, but the plan was always to finish her degree, get a job, and apply for UK citizenship and ditch the parents and the church.


We since the death of her wife we have been sleeping in her room and have discreetly removed any paracetamol from the house. This is just a precaution but if she wanted to die we would not be able to stop her. We have argued with the university about in-person counselling and she recently had her first session. She is very fearful of records, and has refused NHS services, and the only private counselling service that is specialised enough has a waiting list of over a year. I recently messaged the welfare team telling them that she would be alone over Christmas and I fear she will commit suicide. This is partly a lie, there will be at least one of us living with her at all times over Christmas, but I need the university to understand the seriousness of the situation.

Obviously there is not much I can do other than call 999 if I think she’s going to hurt herself. But please give me some advice on how to help her if you have any. Or just advice on how to help suicidal people in general