Oh boy here we fucking goHi everyone,

So yeah, I really appreciate how everyone posts on here as many of you have helped me as well. 

I have thought about suicide so many times it’s not funny. The first time I really considered it was when I was 13... I’ve always really thought about taking a bunch of pills and just going out. There’s just something about taking a bunch of pills that seems so easy... except I read it’s a horrible way to die. In fact, most ways are horrible ways to die which is basically one of the only things that’s stopped me from going. 

The other thing that has stopped me is my mom and grandparents. Like I know they would be destroyed if i went. Especially my mom, who suffers from her own mental health. I worry about her. My grandparents are just amazing people... I couldn’t hurt them like that. 
If they were gone, I would be fucking out of here so fast. Despite the pain. 

The reason is that the world is so unbelievably painful I cannot even think about it. I don’t even mean just the pain of my own life... hearing about people hurting, animals suffering, children being abused, rape, torture... like I really am beyond sickened to be apart of this world. We are all so fucked up it’s beyond disgusting and those of us who aren’t greedy, fucked up, terrible excuses of human beings are depressed as fuck! Like the better person you are, the worse things are for you... I swear this must be hell. (I won’t get into that, as that is a whole other discussion). 

My whole life has just been... I would say in two words... sad and pathetic. Parents are divorced. Dad abandoned me for his “other family.” Cousins have sexually abused me since I was young. I’ve been bullied since before I even knew what bullying was, (meaning being too young to understand). Went to school, didn’t fit in, got bullied some more. I can’t even count the amount of times I’ve been called fat. Every guy I’ve ever liked has been repulsed by me... literally, no exaggeration. After high school, I decided to fill the void of feeling unloved and rejected by meeting random guys to fuck and then get fucked over. This ultimately just worsened my sexual/affectionate issues. I just recently started dating... after I lost the weight. Every relationship I’m in, I just can’t bring myself to love the other person or even like them. I never want to have sex, never want to be loving...I’m just so fucked up I feel like. 

This year has been HORRIBLE. I mean it was like... beyond torturous. I know not every year can be good but I was genuinely dragged through the mud this year. I did a lot of it to myself I’ll admit. But I just can’t seem to understand why it happens to me...I did love someone but our relationship ended this year, I was so hurt over it, I thought I was gunna die lol (not to be dramatic but we all know the feeling). So what do I do? Jump right back in to another relationship. A couple months in, I realize I’m getting majorly emotionally abused. I’ve read some other threads about gaslighting and such... yeah it was like that. Eventually it turned into physical abuse... he went to jail for it, yada yada. 

I moved to a new city thinking I was going to start a new life, meet new friends, get my dream job, etc etc. did any of this happen?? LOL NO. I ended up putting myself so far into the hole of debt I’ll never see the end, I’m alone, broken, no friends or family, the shittiest and lowest paying job I’ve had since I was 19... Like wtf??

I also have been robbed twice since moving here. Had my shit broken into... laptop stolen, purse and passport and social security card stolen..it’s just so fucked up. I’m in the worst debt fucking ever... most of which I got myself into from moving to a new city and having to pay for my shitty loser ass ex boyfriend... ugh I hate even talking about my pathetic life. 

Anywho, every time I drink I just imagine dying and it’s like such relief. Drinking is the only time I ever have the courage to do it.... I’m a coward otherwise. But I always always always back out because of my goddamn mom and grandparents. I know everyone else would be fine. I’m sure a few “oh she was a beautiful soul” posts on Instagram... like who even cares. 

We are all going to die eventually, so like why does it matter? I’m going to die one day... it’s inevitable, so really I don’t know why it even matters when or how. If not now, then years into the future by cancer or a car accident or some other sad ass painful shit. As I end this year, I’m like really really really struggling to go on. The only things that bring me joy are going out and partying. How fucking sad... I mean it really is. That’s how most of us are though... we fill the void with drugs and alcohol. Interactions with strangers that are pointless. We date people who hurt us. We love people who wreck us senselessly. We give our everything and get nothing in return. I seriously hate this whole concept.... yes, I’ve had moments that I enjoyed being alive for. I’ve made lovely friends. But would dying have been better? I’m so sorry to say this but yeah I definitely feel like it would have been. Could I have spared the few good moments for all the insane sadness and despair I feel 95% of the other times? Like yeah I would rather do that. I would much rather not do life. Much rather prefer to not to do it... 
killing myself and hurting the only people who have ever cared for me is not worth dying however. I can’t do it and I won’t. But I really fucking wish I didn’t have to keep going. I really wish I could give up. I’m pretty sure this is why drug addiction happens... and I do love drugs. They are just so expensive. 
I’d totally see a therapist but I don’t have health insurance. I’d love to talk to someone about my horrifying issues and get prescribed some cheap meds. Sometimes I wish I could like donate my life... to someone in need. Someone who is a loved father who needs to be their for his kids or something... idk. 
The only thing I’ve ever wanted is to be loved and cared for and to be happy. I see other people experiencing it so I know it’s possible, but it’s not for me. Everyone I am surrounded by is complete garbage and has ruined my life. The people that make me happy leave me or don’t like me at all. Life is so fucking great isn’t it?

God I really fucking hate the holidays. 

That’s all. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk. If anyone wants to talk about their pain and suffering as well, please feel free to comment. 