What am I supposed to do?Hello first of all thank you for spending your time for this, I'd like to know what am I supposed to do. I tried to suicide once but wasn't sure so I failed at it and this happened when I was 15, 5 years ago. I, in general don't like to give up and I always try to improve myself even when I'm feeling down. 
My relationship with my family (my mother and my big brother) is not that close, as a family we would help each other no matter what but I've never felt a warm feeling from them. I have a girlfriend but lately I ve been feeling she would not feel that sad after my death.
I live in Turkey, I have learnt nothing from school, I don't have someone I could entrust my feelings, I can't earn money, I'm not smart, I'm not good-looking, I'm 20 and I could not enter the university I wished to enter, this year I'm going to try again. Everything works in here only if you know someone from the high position people.
Now these were the reasons that were effecting me from outside, I, in the inside, feel like I deserve the worst. I don't like myself, I hate myself, I always talk to myself for hours everyday, I don't know why but I insult myself everytime, I don't have any talent I only work hard so much including studying and other things 15 hours per a day.
I'm not rebelling against something because I know it means nothing. As we have became this systems people, our singularity means nothing. I can't tell you how much I hate myself. I can't express myself because I ve never done it before, I always smile and laugh to my gf and family because when I tried to talk they didn't help me at all and came with lame arguments to make me happy and failed. I think getting help is a weak thing to do and I know this is so wrong and I m so sorry If I offended someone. I feel like a trash, no value no specialty, just nothing. I know that I won't be rich or famous, I know that I have no value and want to kill myself, in the past I was afraid to die but now I'm not and If i tried to do it I would do it. Should I see a physiciatrist? I don't know how to get help I ve been alone with my mind for all these years and now I kinda feel like my mind is broken. I, for the first time in my life, said "That is enough I gave up." and now I really feel empty and see no reason to not to suicide.