Finally telling my storyFirstly, I apologize for the length of this post. Please do not read it if you don't have the time.

I made this entire reddit account for a primary purpose: to tell my story about my alleged "depression" and suicidal thoughts. For the first time in my life I'm finally able to tell my story without minimizing the situation or copping out and pretending that nothing is going on. 

I can't pinpoint exactly when my depression started, but it has been noticeable for two years now. It started at the end of middle school. While I wasn't in a particularly rough spot at the time, this spontaneous flicker of hopelessness popped up every now and then at the back of my mind. It didn't bother me much back then. I was young, and I therefore had few responsibilities. At the time, my worst wlrry was an eating disorder than caused me to be uncanningly slim. 

High school starts, and my situation becomes more apparent than before. To please my parents, I applied for an entrance exam to a selection of prestigious schools and got into one. As soon as I get in, I start revolving my life around academics and lose sight of my passions. No big deal, right? Just manage my time and everything will turn out perfect. My grades weren't as good as I wanted them to be, and I didn't like being in that school.

I make friends here and there, but one stood out the most: this one kid who has a reputation for being such an ideal person. Everyone who knows him calls him "perfect" and he gives off an impression as a very intelligent young man. He's talented, versatile, and incredibly handsome. However, he has one fatal flaw, one which he made the mistake of sharing with me: He was suicidal. We both grew up in religious families and both of us seemed to be discontent with our faith, though he appeared to be far more interested in the concept of secularism than I was. We grew close due to our predicaments as well as a few of our interests and we became like siblings that year. 

By the end of February, one night, I spot a rope and bring it to my room and try to hang myself for no reason. I can't remember anything else that happened that day, but nothing remarkably bad happened. Of course, I failed. I was too impatient to learn how to tie a proper noose and the rope I used couldn't support my weight anyway, unwinding as soon as I let go. I felt nothing immediately before nor immediately after that attempt, though the lingering thought of what it could have done to me had I succeeded is something that plagues my mind to this day.

Three days pass, and the most surreal thing happens. The entire school gathers at the auditorium for an announcement: A student at our school had passed away. How, I'm not entirely certain. I heard it was a seizure, though the teachers have implied, one outright stating, that the the student in question committed suicide. The school reacts in a way they should, but a way I didn't expect them to: with empathy and emotion. The majority mourns him all the same. Every time I get to my next class, one of the teachers is crying. I saw everyone in a state I never imagined seeing them in. On one hand, it was simultaneously devastating and also assuring that our school had such a close-knit community as to mourn this child's death with nothing short of empathy. On the other hand, I had the most selfish and narcicisstic feeling possible. I was upset that people reacted this way as it meant they'd mourn me had I ended my life. As selfish and disgusting as it sounds, I didn't want to be mourned. It was one of the reasons I forced myself to live. And that's what I do, force myself to live for another year.

I talk to the "perfect" boy about my attempt in school. Word gets to the counselor. Initially, I was absolutely furious that he'd share this information, though he tells me that a teacher overheard our conversation and told him to inform the counselor. Whether that story is true or not, I still forgave him. I told the counselor a very watered down version of the post you are reading right now. But it didn't work entirely. She looked for answers. And so I tried looking for answers, too. I won't go into to much detail, but I felt as though my alleged depression may have stemmed from abusive childhokd experiences (being physically and verbally abused by my elementary school teachers on the daily for 8 years of my childhood and being too scared to tell my parents about it as the teachers threatened to humiliate me further if I did). In retrospect, I think these events did nothing more than make me a very ambivalent and apathetic child for a period of time. 

I say "alleged" depression because I have never been clinically diagnosed, though that is entirely my fault. The counselor made it mandatory that I went to the emergency room. Her initial plan was to make me skip school for 2 months until I was rehabilitated. Me, being the goody two-shoes I was, couldn't do that. So, she got my dad called over, and required confirmation that I had been sent there for at least an appointment. My dad doesn't want me in the emergency room either, so he tells me to tell the shrink that I'm not suicidal but just a little moody. I water down my story even further to the point where it's just me feeling a bit sad every now and then. I survive, get back to school, everything is back to normal. The "perfect" kid transfers to another school and I feel almost alone. 

Second year kicks in, I have way more friends than ever before , my grades improved, I'm finally overcoming my eating disorder, and I seem happier than ever. Funny enough, my depression peaks. What looks like happiness is really me moving mountains to cover up my suicidal thoughts. It eventually affects my academic performance and I still try to go back to what I enjoy doing. It has been a little over a year since my last attempt, and despite what seems like a significant improvement, I'm one bad day away from ending it all. My passion in drawing has lowered and my dream of becoming a professional artist appears almost unattainable now, making my future seem frighteningly uncertain to the point where I'm afraid of becoming a homeless bum, or worse. Growing up in an environment where academics and other arbitrary measures are at the forefront, I feel that my life has become utterly meaningless. Everyone else is doing great. This one kid and I get really close. We start a dancing duo and perform at a lip sync battle in front of the whole school all of a sudden we become "popular"(for two days). My friend and I plan routines years in advance for our performances in our other years and beyond. I use this as a thing to look forward to living. It only does so much, though. 

Present day, sophomore year is almost over. I'm still young, *I have a full life ahead. Killing myself would be selfish, right? It all gets better eventually. I have dreams for a future, right? Why not live up to them? Nothing is stopping me! I have no reason to sulk when millions of children starve every day, innocent people's lives are demolished by those with power, and the rest of humanity collectively loses faith in itself. I'm just looking for attention. My depression is fake and I only want to romanticize it. I don't fit the narrative of a depressed person. I'm not some lovable, flawed, tragic beauty that the masses would rush to protect from harm. I have no right to be suicidal. I should be grateful with the life I'm given and keep living for myself, *not others.**

These are the things I imagine people telling me when they find out how I truly feel, which is why I'm going out on a limb and trusting that you won't say the same when you're done reading this. It may be too much to ask on a place like the internet, where no one really has time to worry about you, but this place seems relatively safe. 

This isn't what I'd like to call my life story, as there's so much more to me than what you've read. I left out a few details due to personal reasons, but you get the gist. I'm only hoping this period of my life is merely chapter of my story and doesn't make its way to the final page. Thank you, whoever you are, for your time.