Sorry my love but It's too much for meI'm 16 and I just broke up with my first true love...
Why?... Let me tell you my story
I've always been a shy and reserved boy that didn't really wanted problem or troubles but I always was trying to help people as I can and I never let someone behind... So at the beginning of school this year I noticed a new girl that didn't seems to be alright, she seems to be lonely and didn't had a lot of friends, so I decided to talk to her and I really didn't notice it but she was at the same night courses as me so we became nearest to each other, we was skipping half an our of the courses to just hang out and talk about us...
These days were magical but she still was just a friend for me... until this night... the night were everything changed. 
We were walking on some streets skipping the courses and we talked about our old relationship that had a bad impact in our lives ... Her story was so sad so I puted his head on my shoulder to try to make her feel better... after a short moment we went on our way back to study but she started crying... I stood up to see what's going on... she hold my hand brought me to the place were we were sitting and told me to close my eyes... then she hugged me in a way I can't explain... that really was so magical... I felt love for the first time...
And day by day be became a kind of boyfriend/girlfriend  I really loved her so much... but one night... a drunk guy and his friend came out to me and wanted money (I didn't have money and even if I had it I wouldn't give it) so they started bullying me in front of her and told me they would do worse when I'll be alone. 
I started being in depression but I still had hope
... I still had her... but I still wanted my revenge... so one night I got out to see them... I'll make it short, they literally kicked my ass...
I was so depressed that I didn't even wanted to talk to her anymore...
Days passed and my grades at school were being worse and worse 
I entered dark times... but it wasn't all... their parents decided to change her school... so I decided to stay with her everyday before she goes... and I hide all my depression just for her...
So it happened and she changed the school
I told her I needed time for me so we talked just one a week until the quarantine...
We started talking every night about crazy dumb stuff and she really made me happy but I couldn't sleep anymore... everytime I was trying I was doing this horrible nightmare were I was bullied but while trying to punch back with all my power nothing was happening to them... I was weak and every single night I was living this nightmare again and again...
But I didn't care cause all that matters was her and only her...
The night before the end she told me abt her past... she told me abt her old relationship but with more details...
She told me that she had a lot of boyfriends and when I saw their profiles they were like the bad guys from the teenage series... I understood that she used to be a bad girl too back in the time... she told me she already had her first kiss and when she was talking abt it ... even if she was saying she didn't like it it seemed so dirty and... I've never seen her this way... I started telling myself that I did all this for someone that could throw me like shit anytime she wants... but she told me something that confused me more... "you changed me and I regret my past" ... I was glad I helped her (that was my initial intention) but I couldn't ignore the fact that... u know now
So yesterday... I told her that I'll just make her sadder with my depression and that I'll just be a problem for her... but in reality... I just couldn't hold it more... I was living a nightmare... scared and stressed... it was too much for me...
Sorry 
Sorry for what I could have done to you
Sorry for the time I wasted you
Sorry for everything 
Just ... sorry