I'm not in danger, but a friend of mine is very suicidal and I have no idea how to deal with it. What do I say to him?I know this is probably not the right place to post, but I need advice. 

HUGE back story (sorry, I dont know what might be relevant or not): Me and this guy (we'll call him Tim) have had a on and off again friendship, where we've been best friends, then not spoken for many months. Basically it came down to him having deep romantic feelings for me, but me not reciprocating them. I'm in a long term relationship with another guy who I truly believe to be 'the one'. About every two months he would bring up his feelings and indirectly ask me to leave my boyfriend for him. I would firmly tell him no, and we'd loose contact for a while. He recently got a girlfriend, and had been completely ignoring me. Apparently it was a quite unhealthy relationship, and they broke up a week or two ago (I'm surmising this from a mutual friend, and facebook posts). 

The night before last he texted me around 1:30AM asking if I was awake. I wasn't, and I didn't get the message until the next morning. I assumed he wanted to online game or skype cartoons (thats what we used to do when we were both battling insomnia). So I ignored it and went on with my day. 

Last night around 3:00AM he texted me "I'm going to die soon". the light woke me up and I read the text but I was blasted with a terrible head ache so I didnt really process it. When I woke up in the morning and replied. He'd gone to the mental health clinic, and was awaiting his appointment. He said they gave him medication to sleep, but only given him one pill. 

Last I heard from him he was going to bed. 

I have no idea how to deal with this. He lives about a 6hr drive away, and even if I didnt have to work today I dont have a car and the train doesnt run very frequently to his town. I also planned on going away for the weekend, I've already booked a hotel room and packed my things. My boyfriend and I were supposed to leave first thing tomorrow morning. 

I've dealt with suicide before, but not like this. When I was in high school my boyfriend took his own life, but it was sudden and unexpected. He had a couple days of acting strange and sad, then one really happy day, then he was gone. I've never had to deal with premeditated suicide like this. What do I do? What do I say? 

He says I'm the only friend he has left, but we havnt even spoken in two months... I dont know what to do. 

I've called him a few times but he wont pick up, he'll only reply to texts. 


I'm at work now browsing reddit and trying to keep my mind off things. I'm manager at a shoe store, so I have to deal with people, which has never been as annoying as it is at this moment. 