I posted on r/depression already, but it didn't get much of a response. I need some help and advice. I can explain my situation further if necessary.Last Friday, my girlfriend was sexually assaulted by a very close friend of mine. The day before that happened, ny dad disowned me. He called me a sociopath, and told me he doesn't even like me. I've been incredibly suicidal. A couple nights ago, my dad called me and tried to manipulate me into coming back to his house under his terms. I am absolutely crushed about my girlfriend, so I tell him I have bigger things to deal with right now. He asked what happened. I told him she was sexually assaulted by a childhood friend. He tried to manipulate me with it. He told me the betrayal I feel about that friend, thats how he feels about me. I absolutely lost it and spiralled into suicidal thoughts and tears. I messaged my girlfriend telling her I could not be alone right now. Even if she just messaged me a sticker on facebook every half hour, I would know I have support. She messaged back just in time. 

Last night I wasn't feeling much better. She went to a friends house. I was trying to get some support from my friends while she was away. They decided I needed an intervention on depression. Essentially, what I was told is that, if I don't suddenly change to being positive, she will leave me. Everyone said they understood my feelings, but it's all in the past now, and I need to change my future. What it really came down to was that they didn't understand the extent of my feelings, and now I know that my girlfriend, the only positive in my life, wants to leave me because she can't support me. My friends basically told me that if I keep down this road, she will leave me, so I can't vent to anyone anymore. I don't want to be alone, I can't handle it anymore, but everyone in my life is telling me that I simply need to turn around.

Clinical depression doesn't work like that. It's a very long road, and it isn't something I can just beat. At this point in my life. After years of medicine adjustment and awful experiences, I can only hope to suppress the depression. But I can't do that without support... 

What do I do reddit? I can only think to fake happy feelings around her, so as not to end up alone, but thats incredibly unhealthy. I live in a very small town, so new friends aren't easy to come by. I have no idea where to go now, and I feel like my road is ending.