After giving thought, I think it's best for me to go for good.This is a long post. Apologies if it's too long but I need to get this off my chest.

I have posted here before, and hardly anyone responded to that. I posted some time ago about my high school life and how miserable I was. I also mentioned something about me being immature for my age (21). And I think I mentioned something about how difficult it is to get a job in a country when your race is everything. 

Ever since then, if you thought my life couldn't get any worse, it has. I eavesdropped on my parents I heard them say what a nuisance I was since I was 1. I was such an inconvenience to everyone and people today poked fun at me for doing that whenever they mention my early life. I was on the brink of saying fuck you to about 20 people but there was 20 of them and 1 of me so I was powerless. If that was the case when I was like that, why couldn't they give me away to another family if they saw me as an inconvenience?

School was hell too. From being harassed, to being picked on by teachers, to being irrelevant to everyone around, and when my grandfathers died, I became even more miserable, then I was on the brink of suicide. The reason I didn't is because even though I may be immature in almost everyone's eyes, but I was intelligent for being a miserable introvert, and with hardly any help from my parents since they didn't do accounting, I ended up with mostly B Grades at a school were averages are lower D's to F's.

But those grades mattered little as now, up til this day, 4 years after school, I cannot get a simple job to get myself some income because of the country I live in. And with the stuff I mentioned in my previous post, and with me only knowing that my parents talked about me childhood behind my back, my school hell and cannot get a job, I don't think it's fair if I continue in vain to live a happy life.

I have given thought about suicide a few times, but with this new information of my early days, why do I even exist?! For what reason was I brought up to live a life of hell? And if commit suicide, what consequences are there for Hindus that do commit it?

I'm going to do something I won't tell any family member. I'm going to live on the street for a little qhile, risk being mutilated (crime and murder rates is extremely high, and pretend I don't belong to anybody. I want my family to experience what life will be like if I never existed.

And if they didn't miss me, that's the final nail in my coffin. 

And therapy is too expensive, so sorry if my post is long, but all of this I needed to get out. This is how I feel and I don't want to waste any more time. What advice would you give in this situation before I say goodbye?