Please read if you canhi
This is going to kind of be all over the place but I’m going to do my best to make it clear and somewhat concise.

This world isn’t for me. There’s absolutely no way I’m meant to do anything in life. When I think about where I’ll be in 10 years I see nothing. There’s no profession or field that I see myself entering because nothing makes me happy. I waste all my days away on the internet or listening to music to the point where I basically have no passions or things that I’m good at. Everything from the tv shows I watch to the subjects that I’m interested are phases that come and go. They don’t stay around long enough for me to develop genuine, long-term interest, and I’m not naturally good at anything at all so it’s not like I have that going for me. Everyone I know has so many talents/skills as well as interests and subjects that they excel at, but I’m just mediocre in every way. I don’t have a strong subject and there’s, in all seriousness, not one thing that I truly feel that I’m good at or makes me special.

Speaking of people who I know, I feel like the worst friend in the world. I have a nice group of people, but I feel like they choose to hang out with my out of pity and not for any other reason. It’s like they spend time with me so I don’t end up killing myself because they know how high maintenance I am which I feel unbelievably guilty for. I can’t help the way I feel, but every time I hang out with 3 of them in a group I just shut down because I know they’d rather just be without me and that there’s no purpose of me being there. They all care about each other way more than they care about me, and they have their own jokes and conversations and things that they do that don’t involve me. I’m nobody’s good friend; I’m just some depressed kid that happens to be there.

I know I’m not in school right now, but the pressure weighs on me even during the summer. I feel so incredibly stupid throughout all of my classes when I’m surrounded by people who are way better than I’ll ever be. Seriously, these people are ridiculously smart in every area possible, and I don’t even have a single class that I feel good about. I get mediocre grades in classes with easy teachers that any other student could get all A’s in. I’m absolutely awful at math and everybody including myself knows it. I work hard but it’s been too late for me to move up for a number of years so I’m stuck in a lower level class that everyone judges me for being in. What’s worse is that fucks me up so much when it comes to the SAT which is why my score is absolute shit. With how horribly I do in school I have absolutely no shot at attending any of the colleges on my list. I set my aspirations so high and all my friends and family believe in me which I think is sad because I know I’m going to let them down. I’m probably just going to go to some mediocre school as an undecided major and not do anything whatsoever to stand out.

I’m a senior in high school and I barely have 1 leadership position. It’s for the newspaper and I’m one of the worst writers there for sure. Every issue my articles get ripped to shreds, my creativity gets criticized, and my confidence goes to shit. Aside from that, I have an internship that I’m not even enjoying as much anymore and that isn’t even anything special. All my friends have way more impressive things going on, and it’s impossible for me not to compare myself to those around me because of how inadequate I feel. 

Yesterday someone asked me to name something I liked about myself, and nothing came to mind. I truly was actively trying to think of something, but I couldn’t. I’m one of the dumbest people I know; I have no talents or skills that, if nothing else, I can do to make myself happy; I’m not good enough in any area of life for me to make a career out of; I’m easily one of the ugliest people I know of as well and no matter what I do I still end up looking like absolute shit. 

My self confidence is non existent, and it’s clear from the rest of this rant why I have no faith in myself. There’s absolutely nothing going for me in life whatsoever. Not one thing that I feel good about myself for doing or one attribute that I admire. No matter how hard I try or what steps I take, there’s nothing that I can do to change or better myself enough to the point where I see a future for myself. There’s just no way I’m cut out for this world.