Constant failings are wearing me down. I can't keep it up anymore.I'm 23 years old and I've been trying to get my bachelor's degree for the last 5 years. I still live at my dad's house and  still haven't graduated. He resents me for failing to have my shit together. He went to Harvard and was top of his class for everything, always. My family is all successful, my best friends are either studying medicine or busy with great jobs. 

I feel like such a fucking waste of space. I've had so much opportunity and I've been blessed in so many ways; I'm attractive, I've had meaningful interpersonal relationships, etc. and yet every single good thing in my life is something that I've abused or wasted. 

My friends don't even know I didn't graduate, I was too embarrassed to tell them. I told them I was leaving to work when I went back to school. That was a year ago. I got As in the classes I took, but due to an idiotic oversight, I still didn't finish, and I have so many classes left to take. 
(If anyone wants to know, when I got to school my mom had cancer and died. I failed a lot of classes bc I was in a dark place and later retook some so I wouldn't flunk out, but my advisors never told me I'd need to retake all of them, so now I have so many intro general requirement classes between me and my degree. I don't even know if I can retake them anymore, I sent an email to my advisor asking for help but it's a holiday weekend and she's incompetence incarnate so) 

Most of my friends thought I graduated with them in may 2014. At this point I've lied too long to fess up and tell them the truth and I'm a piece of shit for lying like this. But if I died this would all be over and my family might be relieved in a small way because at least then they'd know that there couldn't be anything left for me to fuck up.

I don't know why I'm posting here really. There are so many people who need help and I'm honestly going to be surprised if anyone listens to a stupid privileged girl talk about how she keeps fucking up her life and feel sympathetic to her.

I don't see a future for myself, I just want to take all the percocets I have from when I got my wisdom teeth out and end it.