I have no will to live anymoreAs the title says, I have no will to live anymore. For a myriad of reasons. I've been feeling so distanced from everyone I thought loved me. My family and my girlfriend in particular. Well, I call her my girlfriend, but I'm not so sure.

I don't feel like I'm wanted/desired by anyone. I have depression. Was diagnosed when I tried killing myself when I was 7 or 8 years old, and committed. None of the treatment worked. I'll even have times where I'll feel absolutely nothing at all, completely empty and emotionless for weeks on end. Now my family just tells me that depression isn't a mental illness, and that I just need to "feel better" because apparently it's all in my head. It'd be one thing if it were a stranger, but the fact that it's my own blood makes it hurt even worse.

I feel like I have no one. My "girlfriend" probably lost interest in me. Or at least that's according to all the advice I've been given. We used to talk a lot. Now she never even texts me, and could probably care less about texting back or even a simple good morning/check in text. She never ever gives me eye contact. Always avoids my gaze. Won't let me help her when she needs it. Refers to herself as single and me as her "best friend," and won't tell me when I ask her about it, despite everyone I know thinking we're together.

But I honestly blame myself. If only I were born less of a freak, was more interesting, and wasn't so stupid, this wouldn't've happened. Our date was cancelled several times to the point people were saying I should move on. We still hung out before then, and she used to be really into me. Now all of a sudden she isn't. She's been becoming colder and more distant by the day. We used to flirt a lot, and stay up all night texting. Now my messages just get read, and that's it. Got into a heated argument, which was less of an argument and more of a heated outpouring about how I feel. Something I never do.

I can't stop thinking about her. And how I fucked it all up. I can't push her out of my mind. I can't not think about her. I can't distract myself because every time I try, I think about her. Hell, I don't watch porn much anymore as an adult, but on the occasion I do, yep, still thinking about her. And then I lose all interest in whatever it was. With her I actually started to feel like I had something to live for (I even told her this, because we used to share a lot of personal stuff). But not anymore it seems.

I truly feel like she hates me. And I know it's common to feel jealous, but I feel like she's completely lost interest in me in favor of some other guy (considering she knows a lot of guys who are interested in her, and something to do with my sorta friend who was her ex (when she was seeing me, he basically said "so that's why she's acting weird" (around him, not texting him, etc))).