May kill myself because of an inability to "think", not necessarily depression.This is a throwaway for obvious reasons but here's the situation (sorry for the length and the excessive use of parenthesis):

This inability to think, which I believe to be some sort of cognitive disorder, started during the very first few days of my sophomore to junior year summer.  One day, like a brick wall erected instantly in front of me, my thoughts just couldn't come through.  At first I was only confused and thought it would shake off in a good nights sleep.  After a few days and no progress, I started to get worried.  I only told my brother (home from college) about this phenomenon casually as if I were having a simple brain block (which was what I thought it was at the time).  He suggested I read Isaac Asimov which I did but it didn't help.  After a few weeks of not being able to think I started going into a sort of claustrophobic hysteria.  I felt as if (and still do) I was stuck in a crevasse of thought.  I frantically tried to do anything that I thought may have caused me to start thinking again that summer, but nothing did the slightest.  I stopped doing my usual activities (music, art, reading) and started to lounge about hopelessly only "thinking" of why I couldn't think.  I could not figure out the problem (by this point I had stubbornly become determined to solve it by myself).

Soon the summer wasted away and Junior year came along.  My strategy now was to feign happiness in order to get a foothold on some sort of stability of my mind which to this point had been in turmoil.  I was more wrong than ever and could barely contain crying in the middle of my classes. Though, most of the time I was unbearably sullen and unresponsive.  At this point, I had slipped into a deep depression coupled with the inability to think.  (To clarify, I meant in the title that I may kill myself *on the grounds* of my inability to think.  I still have constant bouts of depression only I can manage them much better now.  The cause is the cognitive problem, the effects are both depression *and* suicide.  But the cause of the suicide is not the depression).  During this time my grades went downhill and people started to ignore me simply because I wasn't the same "person" anymore but none of that necessarily mattered all that much.  The only thing that I really wanted was my thought back.

In this part I think its significant to mention that the primary reason of why I didn't do anything (positive or negative) with my problem for the rest of the year was because of a girl in my gym class (who I actually had classes with in previous years only I had admittedly forgotten who she was because of how shy she was) who would talk to me when no one else would for no apparent reason.  She was incredibly cheerful and always took the dominance of the conversation as I was always in a sulky mood (and when I say sulky, I mean I was thinking of the best way to kill myself).  Naturally, as the cliche goes, I started to think about her *all the time* to the point of infatuation.  This whole situation gave me naive hope which was a double edged sword because it kept me from coming to decision on what to do about my cognitive problem but it also made me temporarily rule out killing myself.  Also, to clarify, I would never kill myself over a girl.  That's just completely illogical. 

Soon the year ended and there was still no progress.  That summer, I began to take a scientific approach and plotted on a happiness scale (as funny as that may sound) of how I felt each day during the summer and a second graph of how close I felt to breaking through the barrier and thinking on each day of the summer.  I was trying to see any correlation between the two because of a theory that I had developed while researching cognitive disorders in the brain.  Through determination I had gotten as happy as I could get with all the feelings of self-worth and lack of anxiety that you normally get when your happy, except, I still couldn't think. I had not broken through the barrier.  Obviously this "happiness" only lasted for about two days and I soon went back down to being depressed.

Then it was time for my Senior year (the one I'm currently in) and I had been defeated in my search to independently retrieve my thought.  So I decided to tell the school's psychologist all about my problem and my theories that went along with it.  He listened and his conclusion was that the problem doesn't have to be addressed because it doesn't interfere with my ability to function within society.  Not only do I disagree with that principle philosophically, but it even isn't entirely true.  I could be functioning much better.  This is like saying that the soldier who gets a bullet in his thigh but can still walk on it (but in great pain) shouldn't get medical attention because he's able to cope with the wound.  His response surprised me because this guy isn't a quack.  He has a PhD and has worked in prisons and hospitals before.

So my next step was to look for help on the internet and I got a hold of Columbia's Cognitive Disorder hotline.  I've called multiple times and each time, they aren't there.  Now I'm running out of options.  The only reason why I don't tell anyone else (i.e. a family member) is because if I do and there is no solution to this cognitive problem, then I'm trapped and no longer have a right over my own life.  I won't want to live a life without thought.  I want the choice to die.  So I'm trying to weigh my options and decide what to do next.

Here's the actual description of what my inability to think is:

*  Decreased ability in the orchestration of thoughts
*  Decreased ability in problem solving and puzzles
*  Decreased ability in short-term and mid-term memory

These three things effect everything I do to a large degree.  Everything that I *can* do has to be learned to the point where it becomes instinctive and not actually thought of.  Obviously, I'm having a hard time explaining what it feels like not being able to think.  I'll give examples:

*  I can't play music nearly as well I used to because I can't consciously think about the structure of the music and instead just play what my finger "remember".
*  I'm much worse at chess.
*  I'm much worse at math
*  I can't do art as nearly as well as I used to because, once again, I can't consciously think about what I'm drawing or painting, I just do it.
*  It's incredibly hard to debate with people.  Whenever I'm confronted with contradictory evidence or claim I just get dumbfounded and can't think it over until a day later.
*  Puzzles of almost everykind are beyond my comprehension even though I used to know how to do them.
*  Writing essays is incredibley difficult.

The list goes on but this is all I can think of at the moment.  Also, the seat of cognition in the the brain is the pre frontal cortex which uses the chemical Dopamine to carry out the cognitive functions.

And lastly, it's important to mention that my grandfather had schitzophenia which they think is partly caused by abnormal levels of Dopamine.

EDIT: I'm not suggesting I'm schitzophrenic

EDIT 2:  Thanks to everyone who responded.  With depression being the cause of the cognitive problem, I thought I had ruled out when I made myself "happy" in the second summer, but I'm not ruling it out completely.  Following Occam's Razor, its actually the most likely explanation.  As painful as it will be, I have to tell someone (who I know won't brush it off).