ConflictedI'm 16. I have a two year old brother that I don't want to leave behind. That's the only thing that's making me hesitate. I don't have the pills yet, but Im going to take methotrexate (chemo pill). I don't know where I'm going to do it yet. I don't want my family to be the ones to find me. I just know I want to be out in nature by myself where things are quiet. I've got a couple letters written out, one to my only true best friend and the other for my mom. My moms will be the longest because I need her to understand. I have no friends, I sit at home all week talking to no one all day. I would make plans with people but I'm truly friendless. My only friend I mentioned above is graduating next month, and due to being in foster care, she has to move out of her foster home soon as she's 18 which is around the same time she's graduating. She's leaving town so I know I won't get to see her because im barely able to now. My mom's too busy for me. I stopped taking my zoloft because it made me sick and dizzy, my mood only improved for a month when I took them. By the end of that month, my emotions leveled out then eventually started going down hill and i started feeling worse and worse everyday. I'm at my lowest point, usually anger or stressful situations trigger suicidal thoughts, but now it's on my mind everyday. Even on my good days, it's like a shadow lurking around. I don't want help or to be talked out of it, I've made many cries for help and many people are aware of how I feel. They just don't care. The same people just tell me I need to stop being negative. Yesterday someone commented on one of my posts that I need to "stop being a pessimist" and "if I want my life to change I need to get off my ass and change it". This came from someone I've known since elementary but I don't talk to them and they're not a friend of mine, and of course like 5 other people who I'm friends with on facebook liked it as well. I'm angry at people. I'm angry for being treated like shit, I'm angry because I reach out and get ignored even when I just want to hangout for some company. I'm fucking despise the people who tell me to stop being negative when they have what I lack. It's easy to be positive and happy when youre life is going good, but I wish people would understand that just because you love your life and you're happy, doesn't mean every one else has to be happy and love life. Especially if you have something another person wants. I want to make people feel guilty and bad for me killing myself. I hate life and I hate them and I want them to know it. I want them to regret treating me like shit, I want them to know that how you treat other people has consequences, like suicide. I'm angry all the time. I'm angry myself at myself for being born looking the way I do, I'm angry at the world, society, and other people. I can't hear others have a conversation without my head throbbing and wanting to punch them in the throat. I got diagnosed years ago with major depression, unspecified anxiety, BDD, and I've recently began showing signs of bipolar or borderling personality. I live in a little shitty agriculture town in washington. There's no good counselors who can actually help you improve unless you want to drive all the way to seattle (or farther) and cough up $300+ for one session. I have no choice but to go to some shitty place on the 22nd of this month where the workers honestly don't really know what to do (I've gone to this place before) with people who have severe depression and disorders such as bipolar and borderline. I don't have a car, I can't get a job, I have no friends, I dropped out of school and now I do these work packets and only go to school 2 hours a week. If I don't kill myself, I've made the decision that I'll just start finding other drugs to do. I smoke weed all the time, I'm getting bored of it. I need something strong  but cheap. I don't want to be talked out of this, I just need to learn how to go through with it and accept it and to not be scared.