I’m gonna do it soon, I feel my time running out..(long post for some background)I’ve been struggling with mental illness since I was about 7 years old.. I had a good life but it was also tough. My dad walked out on me when I was 3 my mom worked 3 jobs and my oldest sister raised us but you could tell she hated doing it. I had to grow up fast, at the age of 10 I was battling depression, taking care of a baby (my little sister), my step dad got shipped out and my oldest sister left for college while my 2 older sisters started acting out. That left me to step up to the plate.. my friends started excluding me, I was being bullied &amp; my teachers kept expecting more from me putting tremendous pressure.. i started seeing a therapist at 11. Medication started at 12 .. I started self harming at 13I wanted to feel something other than angry &amp; sad.. at 14 I was in an abusive relationship..at 15 I had my first suicide attempt &amp; I was hospitalized. The hospital only made it worse I felt so isolated &amp; alone.. the pain never stopped. At 16 I was finally in a good place at 17 I had scholarships, I was steady on meds &amp; seeing a therapist once a week. I had hobbies I did I had a routine I loved I had a boyfriend who understood everything I had been through and was my steady rock... then it got harder.. at 19 &amp; 20 I wanted a baby.. I felt empty , I started self harming again. My meds stopped working &amp; I had an impulse to run away.. I lost all my scholarships I dropped out of school &amp; I lost all my friends.. I’m 21 now.. I barley graduated highschool. &amp; I lost my job.. My boyfriend left me because things got too hard for him. I had two suicide attempts in December. He stopped me both times but I was there at the bridge ready to jump off and end it all. He told me he’d be pissed with me and he’d never forgive me &amp; he’d even kill him self if I did because I took away all his happiness. I feel it in my heart hes my soulmate I asked God to bring me someone who would take care of me &amp; grow old with me because I didn’t want the kid shit &amp; the pain anymore and he came into my life.. I gave him a hard time before he ever got with me but my mistake was I never told him I was mentally sick.. said it would’ve prepared him more.. but still there’s not a day that goes by where I don’t regret him saving me from that jump.. I wish he never did.. all I feel is pain. My meds aren’t working if anything they make me feel more suicidal.. he said he still wants to be with me , he just wants me to get better. To where everything is more manageable &amp; I understand that &amp; it gives me hope but then I have these moments when everything hurts again &amp; I just want to die...&amp; I’m scared that the better is never going to come. I’m scared there is no better for me. I have BPD the suicide rate for that is high. It’s known to get worse with age and there’s no REAL medication for it I’m only on meds for OCD, Depression &amp; anxiety. I never feel relief unless I’m with him.. I knew this was coming but us breaking up just kind of sped things up. I’m not blaming him at all.. I just know because he was my rock &amp; losing that support system in the way you need just makes you fall flat on your face. I wanna be better for myself, for him. For our future.... I told him I still wanted a baby that I know part of my empty feeling is because I don’t have the baby I’ve been craving for 3 years.. I get my period &amp; I cry because I got it when it’s late I get excited (we have unprotected sex) because I’m hoping I’m pregnant. I know I can raise a baby on my own I did it twice with my baby sister and my niece. I know I’d get my shit together quicker if I was because I had a pregnancy “scare” for 2 months and I was going to school and already doing interview for jobs.. he tells me he’ll leave me alone because he keeps hurting me so I ask him if he can give me a baby since he’s  not ready to be a dad but I’m ready to be a mom we can still go our separate ways... I just want to be happy I don’t want that emptiness anymore.. but then he tells me he can’t leave me alone because he still wants to grow old together.. he wants to get married and have kids with me but not now.. he wants me better.. but again... what if there is no better. I constantly feel like I’m running out of time I’m trying to spend time with my family as much as I can in case.. anything happens.. I only feel relief &amp; the lift of my heavy chest when I’m looking up ways to end it all, when I’m planning my suicide... when I’m driving and just want to pull the steering wheel.. I feel the only reason I havnt commuted suicide or attempted again is because I don’t want my family to find me.. I don’t want them to blame themselves I want it to look like an accident I want them to be able to say goodbye.. I wish euthanization was a thing for mentally ill people.. there’s a reason people “feel” like they can’t do it anymore.. it’s because they can’t. People can tell them they’re strong and they matter and it’s easy for them to say it because they’re not the ones fighting this daily battle.. it’s like running for hours and your legs feel like they’re bleeding your about to pass out but everyone’s telling you “no, you need to endure you’re stronger than this” but you just collapse.. cause you’re tired.. I’m there. I’m done.. there’s not a day that goes by where I’m not thinking about ending it all where I’m not looking at different ways to just call it quits, Where I don’t regret throwing up those pills at 15, where I don’t regret not jumping off that bridge, where I dread waking up in the morning &amp; have anxiety because I have to endure another day. I have a plan if I’m gonna live but I also have a plan if I’m going to die.... I just want peace I don’t want to have to fight myself everyday and battle my disorder for the rest of my life.. i dont want to fear losing the life I built because I have an episode anymore.. I hate this and I am not strong enough to endure.. I don’t know what I’m looking for here I just needed a place to tell my story without being judged.. without people knowing who I am because in my life no one cares.. except my ex and he’s pissed this is happening and tbh so am I but he believes I can do it and I don’t ... so we clash heads and he gets tired and hurt.. I don’t want to do that to him anymore so I always feel like me dying is better.. I ruin everything because my mind likes to pop in and ruin a good thing.. I can never be optimistic about ANYTHING because it comes crashing down HARD... people say they’re born in the wrong era but I know I was.. I hate all this technology and social media it’s probably why depression and suicide rates are so high (along with cheating and back stabbing but that’s a while other thread) I feel 90 just ready to say my goodbyes and be at peace.. life had kicked my ass way too much...