A little preventative support? I fucked up bad the other night, I'm bipolar going into depression, and in a few days I'm liable to make a serious attempt.**tl;dr** I'm probably going to convince myself to kill myself in a few days because I did something really, really fucked up regarding two of my closest friends Halloween night  -- while drunk, I kissed one of my best friends... who's married to my other best friend...in front of him. I'm bipolar and almost to the deepest part of my depression. Just a week to go, give or take.  I don't have to kill myself though. I'm still clear enough in the head to know that right now. I just need to go back to the road, to travelling, like I've been doing for most of a decade now. I need to stay away from attachment. I'm not civilized enough for decent people. Not for more than a few months, maximum.  I'm trying to improve myself, and have been for a long time, but it's not enough. I'm too rotten at the core. I don't even understand my own motivations. I need to stay away. And I'm just hoping that people might write some encouraging things here so that, in a few days when I'm ready to do myself, I can revisit this thread and take the other path.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I'm bipolar, descending into depression for the better part of three weeks now. The bottom of the depressive trough is about a week out, give or take. I'm not suicidal at this moment, but I know it's coming.

How do I know? I always think about suicide when I get to the worst part of my depressive cycle. I have excellent coping mechanisms these days, though, so it's never an issue. Then again, i usually don't have extra pressures encouraging me towards that permanent solution.

That said, over the weekend, on Halloween night, I really fucked up. I fucked up *bad*, and I'm not sure that my coping mechanisms are going to be enough.

Here's the thing: I'm rotten at my core. Or maybe around the core. The point is that there's something very evil about me at a fundamental level. Very, "I just want to watch the world burn."  There's also a good part. A diametrically opposed part that only wants the best for everyone in the world.  

About five years ago the fucked up part of me came to a head. I decided i wanted to work on being a better person. For five years (I'm 28 now), I've sincerely worked hard at becoming a good person. But I'm failing.

I've thought that maybe if the evil intrusive thoughts were only that -- thoughts -- it would be okay. But maybe i don't have the control i need.

I recently moved in with my two of my best friends (and the grandmother who owns the house), who're also married. They're fucking awesome. I've always said that i don't deserve their friendship. I've known them almost a decade, and they've stuck with me through everything. Except now I think I've finally self-fulfilled the self-fulfilling prophecy.

On Halloween night, I had one drink too many and... well, I laid one on my best friend's wife (also one of my best friends).  Apparently, at the very end of the evening, we were being a little, er, overly chummy, so to speak. The last thing I remember thinking was, *We are way too close. This is inappropriate. And that last shot i shouldn't have taken is making me lose perspective. I need to step away because I'm going to do something stupid.*  I fucking *knew* i was going to do something stupid.  We were cheek to cheek and i couldn't even see her face. I was so drunk I would have kissed a fish (or maybe not. Who knows. the intrusive thoughts suggest all sorts of things. horrible things that make me hate myself for thinking them. thigns i cant even admit to anonymously. maybe i did want to do it, and i've just hidden the feeling from myself. or maybe it was just stupid lasciviousness). I had no idea what I was doing. But that doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't excuse anything. I still did it.

And now, apparently, their marriage is in jeopardy. All because of me. 

Of course, I don't even remember this (and i was doing so well pacing my drinking the whole night until the very end. fuck). I was informed of my actions by the kissee the next morning. Bless her soul, she's not mad at me. The hubby on the other hand...he's hurt. Bad. I almost packed up my stuff and left as soon as he went out for groceries the next morning, but I didn't on advice from friends. I apologized and offered to move out. But he just said, "I don't know."  I still haven't left, but really only because someone needs to be here to take care of the grandmother (and feed the cats).

At some point they'll be able to sort out a proper caretaker if they want to. And then i can leave. Or he'll tell me to leave. Whichever.

I'm pretty sure that in a few days I'm going to start building a very convincing case that I should protect the people I care about from my innate doucheyness and just off myself.

There's another option, and I'm hoping maybe some people here might say some encouraging things to convince me to go that way, so in a few days when I'm ready to kill myself, i can revisit this thread and chill the fuck out.

I can go back to travelling. I don't have a normal job. I work form my computer. Most of the time I'm travelling. With a two year exception, since I turned 18 over ten years ago I've never been in one place for more than 4 months. I'm always moving. And I'm a great friend when I'm on the move.  I can't really hurt anyone. I need to get back on the road and stay there. That's the only way to be a good person and still live.  I don't deserve my friends, and they don't deserve the shit i put them through.

Or maybe I should just kill myself? Should people like me continue to live?