I've tried and given up so many times alreadyI'm 29, still living at home. Failed high school. Tried college three times, and quit each time, so now I have about 12,000 in debt. 
I've always been weird and awkward, but it didn't used to bother me. Now I'm left with zero social skills, and wish I could simply talk to others like a normal person. I can talk with someone one on one, but if there's another person, I just shut off. Like I can't think of a response to anything even though I've followed the conversation fine.
It always feels like people give me weird looks, and just want to prove what an idiot I am. If I try to share my interests, people act condescending and laugh at me. When I try showing interest in them, it becomes obvious I can't relate at all.

My town is small, about 20,000, so mostly people all know each other. There's not really anything to do around here. I've learned how to keep myself busy with music, art, programming, and games, but without anyone to share it with, it feels pointless. It's getting harder to be motivated to care about anything.

Right now, I don't have a job. I've tried to find work in the past, but have only gotten two interviews ever. At one (a gas station), I was hired, but on my first day, my manager made up some b.s. about some paperwork and fired me. Found out later it was because I'm not white. (A friend heard her talking with another manager about it)
I have worked with family before, doing home improvement type stuff.

I've talked to family and friends about how these things make me feel, and their responses vary from, "Me too", to see a psychiatrist, to general self help ("exercise, get out there") stuff. It's a little irritating to just be told things I'm already aware of. Like, I know sleeping/eating well is good for you. 

I get that a lot of people have it worse than me, but realizing that only makes me feel guilty. I'm a lousy piece of shit, and I want to kill myself. 

I've had plans before, about saving money and improving my hygiene, and all this, but I always break down and give up at some point. Thinking about trying to change and going through the failure again makes me never want to do anything. 

There's stuff I could add, but this has gotten too long.

Tldr I'm a failure with no motivation. Killing myself seems like my only option.

To those who've felt this complete lack of give-a-shit, what motivates you to improve yourself?