i'm just tired of everything.hi, so i don’t know if this is the spot for this? 

i’ve struggled with suicide ideation for most of my life- 11, was the earliest i can remember. i’ve tried to kill myself twice, and while i’m not in any immediate danger of killing myself despite a rough morning, i.

it sounds kind of silly, i guess. i always told myself that things would get better if i was older. i told myself that if i could just stick it out until 13, 16, 18- my life would be better. i told myself that i wouldn’t live beyond those benchmarks that i picked arbitrarily- (13, when you’re a “real teenager,” 16, for a “sweet sixteen” or when your parents celebrate the fact they have a daughter, at least in the movies anyways, 18 for being a “real adult”) and. i’ve managed to look back at them and go ‘well, suck it, i *did* it, and now i’ve only got X amount of years left to go’ but.

i’m 17 now, and i’m a bit petrified by the fact that so much of my future hinges on the next few months. university acceptance- i always saw going to school as my way out, a ticket to a better life: because the world had to be more than what i’ve experienced so far, and i could study biomedical science and make new friends and grow into my own sort of person. i keep telling myself it’s only one more year, and then i’ll be out of here: but i’m scared that it won’t be, if i don’t get accepted, or i do get accepted and my parents refuse to sign off on OSAP for me and i can’t get student loans.  

it’s scary i guess. i know realistically i can always take another semester or two in highschool if i need to and i can apply again- a lot of kids do. i could work to save up money. but it’s a deeply horrifying prospect to me- ive always said its one more year and i can be myself, i can start living an actual life: of being stuck here, and its. a sinking hopeless feeling, i keep thinking that if it doesn’t pan out, well, i might as well die because i never saw myself living past 21 at the very most: and i’m 17 and the next ‘benchmark’ i self imposed- (which makes me feel stupider, it should be easier to let go of it if im the one who broke my life up into segments like that, but its hard when they’ve been the only thing that ive been able to use to motivate myself through life) is coming up and i dont think im ready for it.

that sounds stupid, i know. i’m not actively suicidal, but i’ve been passively so for a long time and senior year has been eating me alive. i’m scared i won’t be able to make it through the rest of this year. sometimes it seems so tempting to just kill myself. i’ve staved it off by researching- (like i usually do, i throw myself into my special interests, it keeps me semi coherent) into the statistics behind suicide attempts: i know the ins and outs and failure rates, and i look at them, and go, okay, well- i can’t do *that.* it’d be unacceptable to fall into that margin of people who don’t “”get it right.””  because the only thing more crushing than dying would be fucking even that up, and being treated like a freak of nature and outcast for it because my “”family”” considers it a sin and an act against god, of selfishness for not respecting your parents face in the community and for throwing away all of their sunken cost fallacy resources in you. they don’t believe in mental health issues- they barely believe me about my physical health, my *diagnosed* genetic blood disorder to the point of giving me NSAIDs without my realization when the blood thinning effects cause subdermal bleeding in my joints, or when i had the mumps for a week and i couldnt close my jaw without excruciating pain because i had picked up a mutated strain from a non vaxxer student, or when i was coughing blood up for a week from bronchitis that the doctor took all of an alarmed two minutes to diagnose me with and they *blamed* me for being ill and begrudgingly gave me my medication while harassing me about how it better not happen again in the future- and just. knowing that i couldn’t even kill myself right, that fucks me up even more than the idea of being dead. because if i can’t even that do that right, what good am i, yknow?

i’ve been crying while writing this so i’m sorry for any typos, and it’s just. overwhelming a lot. sometimes i wonder why i aren’t already dead- because everything hurts so much and i dont know if i can take another year of this: but i’ve already been through 17, so what’s one more year, right? but what if i can’t get through this year? what if it doesnt turn out to be just one more year, but i’m stuck here with them and their overwhelming anger and disappointment that i’m too “stupid” to make the cut, and it feels like i’m just proving them right because my parents think its a damn shame i wasnt born an oldest son instead of a daughter because smart girls don’t account for anything much, and i want so badly to be out of here- to do something with my life, to go on and find people who actually love me and dont treat me like a car depreciating at the speed of light, i want to be involved in science. i want to make this… worth something, i guess. i want my eulogy to be more than a teenage suicide statistic. i want to have meant something more than this. 

i’m just so afraid that i can’t live up to all of that. i don’t know if i can keep living sometimes. i’m just exhausted, y’know? i'm so tired of crying.
