i want to kill myself. i'm not sure whether to keep going or not. i'm starting to think suicide is the best option i have right now.i'm 17 and starting my senior year in high school in a couple months, but i don't think i'll even make it that far by this point. i've been suicidal since around my freshman year and that hasn't changed really. 
i'm trans ftm and i'm bi. i'm out to a lot of people and somewhat out at school, but i can't come out to my parents until i'm 18 because it wouldn't be safe or good for me to do it now. 
i turn 18 in about 6 months, but i'm just so tired of pretending and i don't think i can keep acting like i don't hate myself or my situation anymore. 
i called a hotline yesterday and this morning. the guy i talked to yesterday helped me calm down and he was really nice and cool, but i'm still in the same boat...still so tired of all of it. 
my life is supposed to beginning when i come out, but it feels like it's just going to be an ending to so much of my life. i don't want to lose everything, but i also know that there is no way for me to keep going along with this "normal" act for my parents. 
everything is only going to get harder, and i feel so alone in so many ways that i don't even want to think about. 
my best friend is amazing and she makes me smile and she tries really hard but i'm just becoming another burden.
my girlfriend is really good to me and i like her a lot, but i know i'm probably not going to stay with her for very long because i feel like she'll get sick of me feeling dysphoric or not wanting to do certain things with her because of my dysphoria. and even if i did all those things, i don't know if i'd be able to not feel disgusting during or after. 
the thing is...all these things: relationships, family, friends...everything...it won't get better because it's just a part of living life, and it's a normal struggle for a lot of trans people and that isn't an aspect of reality that i can feel myself getting through. i already feel so unwanted, and that won't change...if anything, it'll get worse as i meet more people who hate me just because of who i am.
and even if i could get past all that...i still have plenty of other things that make me even less appealing to the word. i'm not the poster boy trans guy... i'm not white, or tall, or the "cute" trans boy... i'm mixed, barely average height, and not attractive enough to "make up for" all my other flaws.
i'm just so tired of having so many things people can say are wrong with me and i'm so tired of not being able to stop myself from believing them.
i hate myself so much, and i hate my life, and i hate the fact that i can't find it in me to keep this facade up. 
all i can think about is how tired i am of all of it. and lately i'm starting to think it's not because i have too much time to think about it, but that it's because i'm finally letting myself think realistically again about the reality of what my life is going to be if i stay alive.