Suicide Seems Inevitable.I've been having thoughts of suicide since the second grade. Of course, they weren't as developed as they are now, but they were there, and were quite constant/persistent. I remember staying up at night, thinking about how if I'm going to die eventually, I might as well kill myself now, since it would be easier to go when I was young and unconnected, and less people would care. 

These thoughts never left me. They've become far more developed with age. I never had many friends, nor was I ever a very good student; my parents always felt I was a disappointment, and had very little trouble in making that apparent to me. I thought I might be retarded, as I was constantly treated as such by my peers. People got the idea that I was, based on my autistic social/behavioral patterns, as well as my shitty work ethic. As I continually found myself quite academically inept, and year after shitty year, the feelings of worthlessness got worse, and the suicidal thoughts increased correspondingly. 

The only thing that keeps me going now, in my second to last year of high school, is knowing that after all this shit, I can finally put myself to rest. I don't want to live in a world I wasn't made strong enough for. Life will be nothing but disappointment after disappointment for me. I see myself as unfit to exist as a member of society; I will prove to be nothing but another leach. I am unmotivated, unintelligent, and ultimately unnecessary. That is why I see my own suicide as something inevitable. I want nothing more than a release from my unnecessary, meaningless existence. Death gives me comfort; I really can't see any other future for myself, though I know life has the potential to be pleasant, I don't see that being the case for me. I plan on killing myself by the time I'm no longer a burden to my parents, nor anyone, and can truly be at peace. 


I don't know whether my mind can be changed; I've thought about solutions, careers and occupations that I might be skilled at or that might bring me some form of happiness, but ultimately nothing seems to help. Death seems like the ultimate and only cure for a creature as utterly pointless as myself. 