Does therapy help with suicidal thoughts?My mother has been having suicidal thoughts for at least the past 11 years. I'm hoping the thoughts are on and off, but I guess I would not really know because she doesn't talk about the thoughts everyday. There are 4 of us children; I am the oldest. My sister (second oldest one) and I were very shaken by her first three suicide threats when we were kids, but after the three times we got desensitized and stopped taking her threats as seriously after  that, except once or twice after that when it felt more serious. I never knew that she was actually close to taking her own life until a few days ago. In the aftermath of a small fight when she got really angry, she said that she can't take it and just wants to jump. Then for the first time, she told me that she had actually opened window grills or a rooftop door, and contemplated jumping before stopping herself. I started crying sometime in this conversation and she kept talking with a nonchalant and amused expression. She said that life and death was natural and asked why I was crying with an amused expression. I replied that taking her life is not natural, and that talking about her own suicide to someone that loved her and expecting them to not cry is not natural. She said that she plans to do it when all her kids are older and independent. My youngest sibling is 11, so I'm guessing that's at least another 5-7 years. She also said that she's already told my father. They love each other very much and have a good relationship. In her religion, there is a heavy punishment for suicide, and she says that one day when she is courageous enough to face that punishment, she will go. How do I go about preventing a suicide that far ahead in the future? Would therapy actually help? I live in a country with good access to mental health specialists, and I trust that we would be able to find a good therapist eventually and might even be able to get subsidized rates. But my biggest worry is that my mother will pay lip service to the therapist for these 5-7 years and tell us that she is getting better, and one day when we aren't paying attention she would just take her own life. Is there anything that can actually help? 