Not well again actually very concerned about myselfI feel like SW is the next step up from the depression subreddit. I want to make it clear that yes I am feeling a certain way right now so I'm not making light or mocking anyone who uses either subreddit. I'm not doing very well right now, in fact I'm pretty scared for myself. I always come on here when I'm at the slope point and it helps me feel better momentarily but it doesn't take away the rest of the pain. I went to talk to someone on the hotline but the chat was cute up literally 57 deep in my area. It broke my heart to think about all those people sitting and waiting just to be heard, and how I feel just like they do. It can often feel like an echo chamber sometimes too.
 
 I saw a post that made me really mad. A guy took a picture of the bullet his father took his own life with and said please talk to someone anyone. But I have done that, I've reached out. I've tried to talk. I don't think people get it though unless they have been through it or empathize deeply because some people just make it worse when you talk. And you always feel afraid that if you talk you're going to be locked up, guess what I've been locked up several times because of this. On the psych unit they put you on an emergency hold for a few days and you can pretty much bullshit your way out of there if you wanted to. Either way it's meant to be a temporary stay unless you exhibit signs of harm towards yourself or others, at that point they decide if your insurance will pay for long-term treatment. I can say that I've had some pretty crappy experiences on the psych unit myself, and there are people who work there who should not be working in mental health ever. I do not want to discourage anyone from seeking out out because although I'm snarky about it right now I probably would not be alive if they didn't put me in cuffs and throw me in the psych unit.

What I wish some people knew is that just talking isn't always going to fix the problem, and sometimes talking feels more dangerous than not saying anything. I'm not trying to discourage anyone from speaking up and I do think it's a good idea, but I have seen it Go badly. It seems like people just want to say go get help and that's all they say. That's all they do is give the same advice that people before them have said and they just regurgitate it without really thinking. When I feel this way I want someone to tell me that they care. I want a hug and to feel acknowledged some way. I want to go for a walk and get out of the house or go do something other than sitting around. I want a friend who will listen and not judge, and understand that this can happen to anyone really. We all have different needs but these are mine. The s word scares so many people that they almost shut down immediately. How can you speak to a brick wall?

So anyway I'm really not doing good and I only ate once today. It took a lot for me to even do that. Yes I am feeling suicidal and yes I have been having pretty vivid thoughts of it, mood swings and chaotic mind. When I am less slow I research Buddhism and self-help stuff. It's thought of that suicide is a state of perception that can change. It's temporary right? It's fleeting how could we let one thought dominate us to the point of ending it all? Right? I'm not so convinced it's always that simple. I'm tired of feeling weak though or thinking of myself as weak for not being able to just push these thoughts out like apparently other people can? 

I feel empty and dead right now inside. I Feel Complete hopelessness and I have no sense of my future or anything like that. The only reason I can articulate this is because I have been in therapy in the past. When I moved to the state that I am currently living in I lost health care and have been unable to afford another therapist. I've been without therapy for months now and I know it's making this all worse. I need some support