My stupidity is unbearable.If you want to feel better about yourself, read this!

I had always been the stupid and slow child who made constant mistakes, needed help with the easiest things, couldn't solve anything slightly complex and who was sent to a school for the intellectually inferior ones.

I graduated from that school with straight As, which doesn't mean shit in a special ed school, but at that time i thought that it was unjust that i was there. The teachers there weren't ready to send me to a better school, i couldn't understand why, but now i can.

However with my grades i got a permission for a normal high school, where i graduated as the best out of 100 people, how you ask?

Well i'm really good at memorizing, like really good, i could identify almost every country on the world map including capitals and flags. But on the other side i have little to no intelligence.

I've always felt mindless and airheaded, i never participated at class, since i could never follow or think of something to say during a discussion, my mind is just blank in those moments and it's blank at other times too. I'm having a really rough time writing this. Creativity? What's that?, as well as problem solving skills, memory recall is, when it comes to problem solving, so bad that i can only work with the information i can sense at the moment, as if my brain isn't wired at all.

Driving feels horrendous and overwhelming, can't focus and concentrate for more than 1 minute, got my drivers license after failing one time because the examiner was having a good day (i made some major mistakes, my instructor said i was lucky).

Only mindless "hobbies" watching comedy shows without intricate plot, even video games are too hard for me (i struggle with the easy mode) let's not talk about online games. Everything that requires a little bit of cognition goes out the window, my brain is so inactive it hurts.

Dropped out of my computer science program after two weeks, since i couldn't solve the homework problems (it was the second week, the problems were comparably easy, i couldn't solve them for the love of god). 

And now i'm sitting at home being a burden to my family. My only skill of memorization is useless and inconsistent because recall problems, we need thinkers not hard disks. The few jobs i had were horrible as well, too many mistakes and not being able to adapt to new situations, bascially dysfunctional.

I got an appointment for a brain scan and a neurological chekup, if there is nothing found, i will be hopeless........There is a saying in Germany "there is no antidote for stupidty"