I live in a circle.
Ive been depressed for 3 years now, and after recent events I am feeling free and at peace with the option of suicide; and it is an option if I am free, a brave and stupid and selfish and tragic option due to the uncertainty of death; a grand frontier.

Ive struggled with insecurity and then narcissism for most of this time, Im 18 now, and only recently (past 4 months) have I begun to consider my existence, and considering suicide absolutely, is very fresh. Its been a circle Ive been living in, and recently especially vicious and unrelenting. Ive tried to improve myself and my life and Ive been successful over the years, but it was temporary for each time, and I figure if what Im striving for is that, Im not a well enough person to persevere. Ive thought before that I am a bad man, and my mother telling me to be a good man, or that Im hostile, or that Im ‘not a man of leisure’ when I sleep 14 hours a day and wake to eat and sit on my phone. I cant bring myself to do anything else and I dont care to; it isnt leisurely, I hate myself for it. Though thats been subsiding as I accept my fate. 

My parents are a root of my issues, though I am no victim. For all their labels, I am truthful to one or more; with my indifference or my verbal lashing I admit I have done damage, and thus a vicious cycle. I was to blame.
My father had been depressed for some time, and I know my own depression is part of that. I abandoned my father as a role model a while ago, because I thought he was weak, and a coward, an angry man. I didnt at all agree with how he behaved, how he dealt with his issues. Essentially I believed he was a spiteful man, and a pussy. Old as a man but I saw my own angst in him, that of a teenager. I thought it was pathetic and I over time distanced myself from him. This only made it easier for either of us to be cruel and impatient with one another; I dont talk about my feelings so it was inevitable this wouldnt be resolved.

My mother had suffered greatly from anxiety in the past, and still is a very delicate woman. My depression affects her very much, she lashes out at me, constantly passive aggressive, demeaning or patronizing when I am in a low point not doing anything. Any feud she and I have my father will likely hear about, and he then comes to talk to me like Im a child whos done something wrong. I cant stand it and I cant communicate that I feel that way, else I will be called a child and that will start something. If I am short with him, hell become upset and so something hurtful to me.
My father does not hit my siblings and I, but with his constant power plays and policing he causes much stress and further issues for us. My brothers are too young to pick up on them, and since the feud is between my parents and I they are for the most part spectators, but not unaffected.
I wish my father would have beaten me instead of this, maybe it wouldve been productive, even.

With this climate and accusations of me being the sole cause of the turmoil of the house, I became even more angry and depressed.
I was supposed to be in basic training in september, but I was delayed because of previous visits to a therapist. I was devastated, though I did pick myself up and begin work as I waited. 

A month ago I left my job, fell deeper and struggled even harder than I had before. Kicking and screaming for life, figuratively. I relapsed into pornography, which had a large effect on my mental and physical health previously. I tried again and again in that time to fix myself, but I realized Ive experienced this before and I dont want to live in a circle. These past weeks the circle has become smaller and smaller; now I know what to expect in each 5 day cycle of my life. Again, and again. 

What has changed is Ive gone from a  day in the circle to every day contemplating suicide, and Im arriving at this. Ive isolated myself since the end of the summer, not leaving home much except for when I was working and occasionally out or to the gym, though no longer. Ive thought about how the people who know me would react to this, how would they consider me killing myself? 
I wouldnt kill myself in my parents home because I couldnt bear my mother walking in to find me spent. Id fear it may kill her, and I think of my father and I wonder if my suicide would ruin him; I know all he wants is a relationship with his second eldest son ( I ), but I cant give him that, and because hes invested so much in this would he recover? 
I understand no one would be the same.
My younger brothers would be devastated, but I think they would come to terms, theyve seen how I am. It may already be considered that I will by the eldest of them.
I know my parents love me, despite everything but its all been lost for me.

Ive tried for so long to find myself and find who I am, Id been told I hardly had a personality and Id tried to remake myself so I did. I know I do, but I dont know how to be that man. I cant be. I wont be. I hardly exist, I dont understand why many people love me and Im constantly suspicious of everyone. 
I wont live.
I wonder who will weep.
Of everyone I know, I feel I fit the role of the person in their life to commit suicide, especially in my family; why would I live in a circle?
This is better.
I feel like I have faked my entire life, Im an actor and Ive put on a character for each part of my life and now Ive arrived at my finale. Suicide is the only thing which feels still and light in my mind. I used to love pumping iron but I fell out of it, Id become too burdened elsewhere. Now all Id like is to leave.

Life is uncertain and so is death; I never thought 3 months ago that I would arrive here.  But death is absolute and this will be over, with living I remain in a circle, and if so why do I have any value? Because I am alive, or human? 
I wont live.
I want to let go.
                                                
                                             •••

How can you tell by looking at an animal that it is not aware of itself, without conscience, but not even  glance at a person and decide that they are? Only because you are, and you are the same as them? Then what is a triumph, a failure, to one who is without conscience; it isnt, but to the individual what is a triumph and a failure? They would have to demonstrate each, and decide where they failed and where they have triumphed, and then it is not in the action because the action is unimportant, but in the decision of the individual. It is the individuals responsibility to decide whether they are to triumph or they are to fail.

It is the human beings responsibility to consider absolutely everything with intention; we are not animals and we must be, ourselves, larger than a human being. Consider with intention.
