I think I'm out of optionsI haven't been feeling well recently. I started thinking and realized that nothing is the way I want it to be. I hoped that moving to a bigger city and attending university would make things better but it hasn't. It made it worse in many ways.  _x000D_
At least back home I could tell myself I didn't fit in and that that is the reason for all my problems. And it's because of that I didn't have any friends. But now here, I feel as or even more isolated than I ever been.  _x000D_
I began watching some people in the adjacent building. Their windows is always lit and there's no curtains. And I see a bunch of people around my age living together. They always have friends over. They're always doing something. And I realized that no matter how much I want it, I'll never be like them. The very fact that I'm outside watching confirms that. They didn't have to go through being so alone that they were feeling sort of happy when it was time to go outside to the store to buy milk. They don't know what's it like to be somewhere and feel like shit because you're there alone.  _x000D_
It's not like I didn't try to socialize here. I have, but to no avail. At the most, I'd go out a few times with someone and that would be it. I'd always stay just an acquaintace. There's nothing I can offer those people anyway, they already have their social circles and cliques. Or maybe I am just such a bland person. There's nothing that really interests me, but I try my best to keep up. I try to fake being just like them. Guess it's not working.  _x000D_
This is getting too long now. Since the semester is over, I could just go back home and accept a life of loneliness and isolation. I'd maybe work in my dad's shop, and the rest of the time I'd spend online. It's probably for the best, I am not so good at uni anyway. And I'm lonely here too.  _x000D_
But I don't really want to go back. I don't really want to do anything. I just really want to die. I am a complete failure. Both socially and academically, I fail at everything I try to do. It's time to just end everything and admit defeat.  _x000D_
I tried to change many times. I tried everything there is to try. I failed every time. And now it's too late.