I can't stand this, I'm so close to my breaking point.I've been struggling with suicidal feelings for so long. I was bullied ever since I even started school. I am a woman, but all through my life, I was severely bullied by boys. Beat up, like a boy would be. Been called ugly, fat, retarded, even been bullied because my brother has autism. I tried to defend him, maybe that's why. Big sisters should stick out for their siblings. I was sexually abused when I was 6, and raped when I was 18. I am now in my 3rd year of university, and I thought I was safe here. I thought no one would be immature enough to hurt me, but I was wrong. I try very hard to talk to people, and sometimes I come across as weird, because the only social interactions I've had growing up that were positive were with my very few friends and my family. I go to university in English, but I am a francophone. I am Acadian, which is a minority group in Canada. I've gotten a little bit of teasing for my accent, but nothing serious. But there's this guy on a facebook group and others in real life that keep expressing their hate of French-speaking people, because they can't gossip about what we're saying no doubt, but it's starting to include some people I considered to be friends. I am beginning to not leave my room, and I just want to leave. A community that seemed so accepting at first is just now condemning me, just because I learned to say oui before yes. With all the stresses of studying, tuition and residence living, I find the most beautiful thing I could do is kill myself and leave a message explaining why this happened. I have a loving family, some great friends and a wonderful boyfriend, but I feel I need to do this for myself. I am shaking and dreading class tomorrow right now, with the added anxiety of someone with my history of abuse and bullying it's just too much. I fear everyone and everything, I just want to fade away and die, I can't stand this prejudice anymore. Any good in my life is ruined by these people that keep calling me out for mispronouncing a word or using incorrect grammar, I don't care about my own future anymore, I just want to drop out of this university, or kill myself. I like the campus asides from this, but this hate is driving me off the edge. Too many people dislike me as soon as I say where I'm from, I've started lying and saying I'm from France instead so people can be more lenient. 

**TL; DR: I want to kill myself because there is too much prejudice against french-speaking people, like me and it's too much for me to handle**