I’ve fucked myself.I’ve made very poor decisions in life that led me to where I am right now. Depressed and suicidal. 

For starters, I dropped out of high school and haven’t taken my GED yet. I doubt I’ll pass it because I’m retarded when it comes to everything other than the writing/english portion. I feel like a failure. 

I moved from NYC to FL to be with some asshole guy who manipulates me and makes me feel broken. I want to leave but it’s not that easy for multiple reasons. If I had a car, (don’t even have a license) I’d pack all my shit and just go. I can’t possibly bring all my things and my cat on a plane with me and I really want to take my shit because at this point, I have nothing back at my mom’s place in NY. I gave away/took everything. 

I don’t have a job for a couple reasons I won’t get into. Bottom line is I can’t start working until a couple months from now. And even when I do, I’ll be pissed off because minimum wage here is nearly half of what it was in NYC. And I made way more there because I worked at a high end salon. every product I sold was $50 in cash that day. I had a great job and I fucking quit it for something stupid. 

My mom’s made some stupid mistake that resulted in me losing my insurance that used to cover therapy. I can’t get fucking therapy anymore or anything I need because she did something really really stupid but it’s too much to get into right now. 

I quit my antidepressants cold turkey 5-6 months ago. I don’t know if this is a good thing or a bad thing. 

I used to have an eating disorder. Still fucks with me to this day even though I’m “recovered” and I lost my entire support system. my boyfriend thinks I’m being ridiculous whenever I talk about it. real comforting. 

I’m a girl, I feel like since I’ve been down in the dumps, I haven’t taken care of my appearance at all. I feel ugly. 

My only solace is writing. I’m almost done with a novel that I’ve been relentlessly working on for years. That’s all I have. After that, I don’t know what to do. And since I’ve been so fucking depressed, I can’t make out any good work anymore. 

I just want to die and the only thing holding me back is the fact that I don’t own a gun. 