It takes a minute to destroy your lifeToday, I am a 28 year old woman.

It took 4 years before my mother left my dad, both angry to be in a marriage with each other. It took two weeks for him to die in some freak fishing accident. God knows how long it took for him to drown but it took one death for the county to remove a fallen tree people complained about for years.

It took 7 years of abuse before my mother was arrested for almost killing me. One night for her to wrap her hands around my neck all because I took her bracelet. It then took her two years to work on herself before she could regain custody of me while then starting a lovely cycle of emotional abuse for the next 14 years because that’s how you build your daughter up, right?

It took seven years for my first suicide attempt, climbing to the top of a bookshelf in my first grade class because I thought falling from a great height would do it. First grade and I wanted to die. Fucking first grade. But no one noticed any fucking issue with me other than I was dramatic and had horrible rage. They ignore the black eyes, they ignored my hunger from being denied food. It took another 7 years for my second suicide attempt. Nothing happened, I moved on. It took another 7 years, because I just love the number 7, and that got me into a treatment facility. It took 20 years for a bipolar diagnosis, one week to ignore it, and one month to accept it.

It took 19 years to build some sort of confidence in myself. It took 12 years to gain a true friend and another 6 to gain more friends. It took one night to be taken advantage of by a man I didn’t know, 2 hours for him to be found outside my dorm room rundown, and ten minutes to be told by a woman that my case wasn’t believable.

It took 23 years to get over all of that. It took 23 years to find a man who loved me despite all my issues. It took 23 years to realize that everything horrible in my life lead me to him. Everything bad in my life was building me up to something great. It took 4 years to feel accepted and loved, to realize that I am more than what my mother, my aunt, my cousin, my other aunt, I was more than what they thought of me, what they called me, what the screamed at me when I didn’t want to do what they wanted, when they kicked me out, when they said I’d make a horrible girlfriend, horrible wife, horrible mother because of who I am. It took 4 years for someone to make me feel loved and accepted because it was what I thought I deserved.

It took one fucking afternoon to do the ONE FUCKING THING I DO BEST: Destroy it.

I was wrong. I deserve to feel these things. I deserve to be shot down and sent to hell. I deserve to die. Because no one will care when I’m not here. No one will bat any fucking eyelashes when I don’t show up to any future reunions, when I don’t answer any texts, when I don’t respond on Facebook.

It took one day to destroy my life. It took 5 months to realize my mistake. It took 7 months to realize my worth. It will take &lt;10 minutes to kill myself.

The only fucking thing 2019 has taught me is that I’ve been on this planet to suffer. All my life, I’ve been put through some sort of fucked up test, and I’m not a strong woman. And yes, I did this to myself. I always do these things to myself. I get a good thing I destroy it, I hurt people. So I’m going to just do it. I have to do it this time. Because I can’t do this anymore. I can’t feel like this anymore. I can’t watch him love her.

If you read this far, cool. I’m checking out. I can’t do this anymore. If it works, awesome. If it doesn’t, well, I did learn I can still get a gun so maybe I’ll look into that. I’m not sure if I care about pain at this point anymore.

And if it isn’t today, it’ll be before the end of the month. But it’s going to be soon. Because I’m done. I’m just fucking done.