My disorders love to toy with me.I'm on mobile, pardon the formatting and such. 






I'm seeing a therapist regularly but I still feel upset. No matter how many coping skills they give me, nothing helps. I try, I really do, but its like trying to mix oil and water. 

I have so many problems. From more common things like social anxiety to things like PTSD and OCD manifesting as hoarding. Autism, ADHD (inattentive), Pyromania, severe general and social anxiety, gender dysphoria, moderate to severe depression, ODC, PTSD and maybe more. 

I'm always told its just in my head. "Its easy to manage! I have depression and I'm doing fine!" I just want people to understand me and how I work.

I always feel horrible venting. To the point where I'd rather type things than talk to either of my partners about them. I hate making people upset. I want to talk to people about my problems but I always feel manipulative and draining when I even think of doing so.

My last boyfriend really screwed me over. He was emotionally abusive and acted childish and self aggrandizing. He was always right, I was always wrong. 

He broke me and remade me into who I am today. A paranoid r****d who's wired to hate everything about himself. 


Everyone always acts like teenagers are overdramatic but I cant even get near a few popular things without having to stop myself from having a full out panic attack. 

I know this is messy. I know I jump from topic to topic. I know this all sounds like I'm begging for attention.

I wish I was. I wish I was faking all this, I wish people understood me, I wish I could look at myself in the mirror without wanting to tear myself apart. 

I wish I wasn't so oversensitive snd easily overwhelmed. I wish my ex wasn't so shitty. I just wish I could do decent in school. I wish i wasn't paranoid or slow or melodramatic or whatever.

I want to be normal but I've been like this for so long my brain is hardwired to keep this horrible cycle going. I just want it to end. I just want to be happy.