I never thought up I'd grow up into such a loserI'm 19, ive had private schooling my whole education. When I started getting into my teens I suddenly got "secretly sad". I was really cheerful and funny, kind of like the class clown, but when I got home I used to cut my thighs and cry all night. That faded away when I was in grade 11. Cause I simpler didn't even have time to be sad. My immigrant father was expecting good grades and I had to deliver.  I studied really hard in my last yr to get into uni. Problem is I picked the wrong thing. I picked architecture, I don't even know why I picked it. the only reason is reputation. I wanted my parents to be able to brag. My brother and sister are going to study medicine when they graduate. And me.. I had no idea and when I told my parents that they told me to shutup and get a grip. For fear of disappointment, I picked something that sounded great, and something that I thought would appeal to me,being the creative type. Boy was I wrong. I hated it. The first week I knew this is not what I wanted to do with my life. But I had another class I liked that made me realise I would enjoy a different course. I thought oh hey no biggie, I can just transfer right? ... wrong. I told my parents that I was thinking of transfrrring and they almost fucking killed me. They said I was quitting. That I was lazy. That I was giving up. I said okay fair enough it's only been half a year I'll give it another go. I ended up failing every single one of my classes in my first year. I was so sad I couldn't sleep. I was always afraid to tell my parents about my depression, so I never got help. It was so bad I would get jitters and I would uncontrollably cry. I wanted to cut again but I didn't even have the energy for that. I could t tell them I'd failed because I'd probably be thrown out of the house.  My dad legit said either study architecture or get out of uni. My parents are middle eastern and so they're very strict. Especially my dad. I get that they want the best for me but yeah. It's tough. So at the end of first year I asked if I could transfer again, they said no. I was put on restriction at uni for failing so much. And I could only do it part time. I pretended I was going to uni on days I didn't have it so my parents wouldn't notice.  I failed one class and passed 3, which weren't architecture subjects but were things related to the course I wanted to be in. Now, I'm at the end of my second year in this stupid course. Wasting money each day with something I don't have the talent for. It eats me up inside knowing I have taken someone who is passionate about this fields place. It kills me. I'm so sad I can't even smile anymore. I get yelled at by everyone all the time. My whole family puts me down everyday not only because I don't smile and I'm pretty mean to people now, but also because I'm overweight. Just last week my mother told me I was everything she hates in a person. Sometimes I cry so much my tears don't even come out anymore. I just want to be loved and supported. I have so much pressure on my shoulders and no one understands how bad I want to end it all. I'm a coward. I'm scared of death yet I pray every day for it to come. I feel like I'm dying slowly. I don't know what to do anymore. Can anyone tell me if it's worth it....