I need helpI'm going to proceed to explain my story so,
Tl;dr: I've lost my focus,my drive,my energy. Everyday I just want to sleep because dreams and nightmares are way more thrilling to experience than real life. I trust no one and feel like a completely shallow and empty person. I want to get out of it but everytime I try coincidentally incidents have happened proving me I'm not in the right environment.I just want to be erased as if I never existed.  I've never asked help from the internet because how will the internet understand from just text and stories. But now I have no choice.


My story: I come from a middle class family. Money is not a big issue but it is to be valued a lot. My parents are very strict and overprotective. Since birth,I can remember my parents telling me about their childhood and how poor they were and how hard they had to work to come out of it. Naturally,a lot of pressure was put on me to be perfect and become richer than them.But I had a huge problem. I got angry quickly and when I saw my friends do something that was not considered perfect by my parents I would get angry and lash out at them.My parents would scold me and slowly I started resenting them just as my friends would start resenting me. I was 8 years old at that time. When I found out that my friends secretly hate me I felt ashamed and regretful and the only solution that I could think was to  supress my anger. Soon I saw my parents stop loving each other and become completly cold to each other. The only reason they stay together is for me and my sister's sake. I cant help but feel absolutely guilty about this.On the other hand in the name of concern and love they have done acts that I now find unforgivable. Then as I grew up I stopped talking to my friends who I grew up with. Word on the street is that they find me odd and refuse to talk to me because they are afraid of me.In school I was a completely different person. I was reserved and only spoke when needed. I was popular in school as I had won various trophies for them but I never had friends just acquaintances. I thought I am a freak. I was never invited to birthday parties or any occasion and I cant be bothered to know why.All I know is for unknown reasons I was isolated by everybody I know and to distract myself I started playing video games and fell in love with it. But my father wasn't pleased with it and instead of offering a solution he would just berate me for my faults. I started feeling used by the world. I've even have had people telling me "why I try too hard,its not as if I have friends or anything".I know I shouldn't be affected by such cliche comment but honestly my whole life I've never had a coping mechanism. 
            After school I made sure to take a college far away from my home and school.Far away from all the negativity. A new me. Boy did college kick my ass.To join clubs and all we had to give interviews about ourselves. That's where everything broke. Questions like tell us about yourself and what do I value etc. And they wanted personal responses and I couldn't honestly answer. College became a place where I put up a persona for everybody and I didnt enjoy it. I still didn't have any friends because that works on popularity on Instagram and snapchat and facebook and I didn't have one because I never got a reason to get one. Not only that people formed groups of similar liking and I guess I am different. The only thing I did for fun is browsing youtube and watching from veritasium to ksi to james charles. I watched youtube to kill time. Soon I wanted to kill myself. Obviously now my parents enter the scene but to my shock they took it as me rebelling because im in that phase.....WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?
       Anyhow,we did go see multiple psychologist but failed. In the end my education is more important than my health. Now I've applied to go abroad for my higher education but I've given up. I see no point to anything. All my actions are worthless. No one has time or patience to listen to me. While I was  in therapy I  got into drugs. Had to take a drop from college. I'm no more the perfect person I was and no one cares if I succeed or fail. I hate myself for what I was and what I've become. My whole life feels like a waste of opportunities. I don't understand.
 Why is hating easier than love. Why do we have to try everyday to love but disgust just comes to us naturally. Why is it hard to trust. How do you trust. I dont feel like doing anything. I just want to close my eyes and imagine the world is empty with nothing present. My own father called me a monster. What did I do? I dont know. Where was I doing wrong.Ive hit rock bottom. My self esteem has become very fragile and screaming help doesnt work. The internet is my final option. I'm very fearful of what I've written and I apologize if I offended you