made a friend, worst possible decision everi met this girl in september. she was super nice and we had a lot in common. we met on our college campus while playing pokémon go. we instantly clicked and became really good friends. i even thought she might’ve liked me - despite her currently dating someone in another country (lmao). 

at the time, i hated my current job. she knew that. everyone knew that. she told me to apply and work with her and her friends as a host at her place of work. i immediately took that offer and applied and was hired. it was tons of fun working with her. 

i ended up finding out that she was leading me on and did not like me the way i had started to - she leaned on my shoulder, held my arm a few times, let me put my arm(s) around her. that hurt. i wasn’t too happy with her, but we went on. 

fast forward a few weeks into working with her, and she starts giving me an attitude whenever i work with her. starts to be really bossy. “just do as i say” was a key thing i remember her saying to me. i brought that up to her later that shift, i don’t remember the outcome. 

continuing, she’d start treating me like shit and constantly giving me an attitude. now outside of work. she had told me the reason was was because she couldn’t determine the difference an outside relationship with a work relationship. her being 18, you’d think she’d be able to. i’m 20. 

it started to get really sour between us, so i one point i did alert our managers of what’s going on bc i quite frankly didn’t know where it started. 

AMONGST ALL THIS, i was talking to one of my coworkers, and whatever we were talking about, SHE said the word “sex” loud, even made me feel awkward. another worker overheard it and reported me for sexual harassment. within the report, the worker said i had “asked [the worker who said “sex”] to have sex with me” and the words “rough sex” were included. that did not happen, but i got reported for it. i even spoke to that one worker who i was talking to, and she didn’t even know it was a report. this was about a month ago. idk who reported me but i had my suspicions. 

a week or two ago, another report files in. i made “religious jokes” and a worker got insulted. i’m jewish. i’d poke fun at myself for being jewish. NOBODY else is jewish there. how do i know? no one else besides me knew how to light the piece of shit Menorah they had. AND it was a piece of shit. if i’d been there prior, i’d have asked for a nicer menorah since their tree was so much nicer than it. the menorah was missing a candle. if anyone else there was jewish, they’d say something about the equality. they’re all catholic or whatever. idk how a jewish joke ON MYSELF could trigger someone else who ISNT jewish. AND the same report mentioned i “invaded her personal space”. idk who “her” is, but it’s a girl that reported me. what’s really well known with anyone that knows me is that I DONT TOUCH PEOPLE and I DONT LIKE TO BE TOUCHED. i do not care who, i just hate being touched. there’s no need to touch me. and i do the same with others. there’s no need to touch - excluding a romantic thing. at the job, i had NEVER touched anyone. if anything, maybe i ACCIDENTALLY side swiped “her” as i’m carrying stuff. and that’s not worth reporting unless you’re out to get me. 

third report, that would end up getting my fired, was literally the night before this post was made. my cohost has to use the bathroom but my shift had ended. so i said to my chill manager that she’s just gonna take a shit and then i’ll head out. she found it funny. HE, the manager, didn’t. it’s a harmless statement. he would alert my general manager (GM) about it. 

i got to my shift today, i should say i live 15-20m away. i clock in, and my GM needed to speak to me. i immediately had a feeling he was gonna fire me, still wasn’t happy. he told me about what i said last night and that it “wasn’t appropriate”. 

BUT, in the kitchen, even last night, a MALE server spilled ranch on a FEMALE server’s pants. SHE said to HIM “are you jerking off or something?”. why can THEY say shit like THAT without getting reported?

i told him that. he said he knows everything that happens and brings it to attention. i didn’t respond, but i surely don’t believe that. i just asked him “am i fired?”. he said yes and he’s letting me go right now. 15-20m drive just to stay for 5m to fire me. asshole. 

my immediate thought process is that the girl that wanted me to work with, along with her best friend that works there, are behind this whole thing and were working to get me fired. excluding that third report, cuz i know i did that, the first 2 reports (false reports) were likely due to them. 

i’ve had some bad anxiety lately due this whole shit, and i’ve been cutting myself and even managed to gain a stutter due to my anxiety. now that i’m fired, i’m not sure what else to do. i know it’s a part time job, and i can get another, but i really enjoyed it there - excluding the unnecessary drama. i’ve expressed to some coworkers how unhappy i was and what’s been going through my mind, and now that this happened, i’m really not sure what i’m gonna do next. i don’t want to return to being a cashier, it was miserable. 

TLDR: met a nice girl. became really close friends. she invited me to work with her and her friends. she didn’t like working with me and couldn’t determine the difference between work and a non-work relationship. highly likely that she, along with her friends, made false reports against me to get me fired and now idk what to do.