I don't really know what to do.I feel completely lost and helpless and I don't even know how to explain it. I fell in love with the most incredible girl I've ever met in high school, and eventually, like most young loves, the relationship crashed and burned in college. Unlike most situations, though, three years later, as a 22 year old adult, I'm still so fucked up over it that I can barely function on a day to day basis. I rely on drugs and alcohol to keep my mind off of her and the moment I have any time to myself, I just... I get sucked into thinking about her, and I can't help wanting to just... Stop living.

She was my soulmate. I felt it from the moment I met her. But she betrayed me in the worst way, cheating on me and lying to me. But even though she did that, I'm still just... Biding my time. Hoping some day she'll take me back. But she never will. Because I was too hurt and too broken to see how important she was to my happiness. 

I just want out. I want to stop feeling this way. I want to stop dreaming every single night about a girl I can't ever have again and a life that I'll never get to live. I want to stop hearing songs on the radio and thinking "I wonder if she likes this song" or doing something new at my job and wondering if she'd be proud of me. I want to stop seeing couples in public and being reminded of her and the guy she's with now. The guy she'll probably marry. 

I am so tired of feeling like this. I've talked to therapists and councillors and all I feel like I've gained from any of them is a general "Yeah, dude, that blows. But it'll get better." It's been THREE YEARS. It's not getting better. I'm getting worse. I feel sick whenever I think about her and everything makes me think about her. I would give up anything to be with her. I would do whatever it took to make her happy. But... She's already happy with someone else. So what am I supposed to do? 

Without her, I don't feel like I have any reason to live. There's no purpose in my life if it isn't to be with her and make her happy. I failed out of my college courses in nursing because I was so depressed after we broke up, and now I'm majoring in a degree I barely want, trying to date people I'm not really attracted to, desperately hiding the depths of my depression from my roommates and friends.

It's fucking silly. I mean... I have a loving family. I have friends. I have dated multiple people since her. So why? Why am I so fucked up? Why do I want so badly just to let go of my life because I lost one part of it? Why do I feel so empty without the one person in my life who hurt me the most?

I don't know the answers to these questions. I'm not sure I even want to. But I do want to know what the fuck I'm supposed to do. How do I let go? Or move on? And stop feeling such horrible feelings every time I imagine the happy future she gets to live, while I have to suffer through this hell? How am I supposed to repair my life and find a will and reason to life?