People talk about backsliding, I didn't just backslide, I fell of the mountain and broke both my legs.PSA: This is lengthy, so there's a TL;DR at the bottom

I grew up in a dysfunctional home. I have always had a narcissistic, passive aggressive, mother who insisted on dominating my life. Sometimes I feel like Norman Bates. My bio-dad didn't give a shit and wasn't around much, if at all, the first step-dad started beating the shit out of me when he thought I was big enough to take it. I have one brother by blood, who legit tried to kill me on two separate occasions, and sold me to a prison gang when we were doing time together. I was always considered "bright" "intelligent" and etc. by counselors and caseworkers, but I grew up in a backward ass redneck school where that sort of thing was frowned upon. I dropped out/got expelled (forget which) at 15. Never had much as far as friends or even acquaintances, I didn't consent to sex with a partner until I was 26. The longest I've ever been in a romantic relationship is maybe 2-3 weeks. I'm 32 years old. I've been homeless off and on since I was 19. From 22-26 I was in prison. When I got out, I struggled for a long time. I went to community college and dropped out because I couldn't handle the radical difference from prison life, to school and work life. I got a job washing dishes and did okay-ish for a little while. I was homeless, but I was working full time, I managed to find a place but lost it about a month later due to my roommates, then I started staying with my friend from work and her husband, which was a big mistake, because I found myself involved in their drama, and next thing I know I lost a place to live AND my job, AND got in trouble with the law again and had to do six weeks in jail. (He was abusing her, I came to her defense, she sided with him when the law showed up) Luckily my parole was long over, so it didn't screw with that. I got it behind me, and had a caseworker at a homeless shelter try and make friends with me, but I was so broken inside that I wound up driving her away. Then my moment came. I was living in the woods outside of town in a tent. I hadn't had a job in almost a year, everyday was a struggle,  *just get through today*  and my mother was always needing something from me, even though she wouldn't help me, and I just couldn't do it anymore. I gave up. I quit. Enough was enough. I tied a noose and hung it from a branch at my campsite, and tried to hang myself, but I guess I intentionally fucked up because the branch broke when I dropped, and I just busted my ass. I broke down sobbing for awhile, before I got on my bike and just started riding. Didn't know where, just had to *go* had to get away. I flew through a blind intersection without stopping or looking, and if there had been another vehicle coming down the other lane, then the truck wouldn't have been able to swerve and barely miss me. After that moment, I realized I was glad to be alive. I responded to a job ad the next day, a few days after that I was working full time again. I was becoming hopeful. I stopped talking to my family, which relieved a lot of pressure too. Then a couple months went by, and I got mugged, they took everything I had on me, my smartphone, my backpack with my laptop from school years ago, my money I had saved for a place. It was all gone. But I had my job. So I decided to soldier through. I thought I had friends too. There were a lot of people there who seemed to like me, and praised me for working so hard, and being so nice. I was never sure how to process that after so many years of shit people. I found a place to live, got all my stuff replaced, and even got new stuff, like video games, (holy god have they gotten advanced! My cut off was around the N64 era) it seemed like I had finally did it. I had kept a job for over a year, I hadn't been homeless in 8 months, I was *normal* for the first time in my life, I was a normal, regular, human person with a job, and place to live, and a smartphone, and video games, and people at work liked me and respected me, and there were girls interested in me, and I didn't know what the fuck was going on. When the fuck did this happen? Don't I normally eat at soup kitchens and from dumpsters? I sleep in the dirt, and wander around all day, getting dirty looks, and being challenged to fistfights with other stinking hobos. I have a bed now? I'm showered and shaved all the time instead of sporadically? The closest analogy I can think of is The Walking Dead. I was "out there" for so long, that when I got to a legit safe zone, I forgot what it was like to be normal. I don't think I ever knew to begin with, I was just faking it hoping that eventually it would stick, and I wouldn't be faking it anymore, but it never happened. And it cost me my job. I just couldn't process it, I couldn't accept it, all the years of fighting and struggling, now that I was stable, I was in a *good* place, I was just waiting for it all to be taken away from me, and my own fear of losing it all became a self fulfilling prophecy. 13 months there, and I got nothing to show for it. I'm two months behind on my rent, so I'm losing my place, my phone hasn't had service in over a month. I owe money left and right. My mother and brother and a guy who calls himself my friend are all tearing me in different directions. I can't get away from all the voices that are telling me what to do, and I can *see* some of things I *need* to do, but then I become crippled with anxiety and end up inert, doing nothing. When I had my job, I felt invincible, like I could do anything. Now that I've lost it, I've lost all my confidence, I've lost all my superpowers. I see nothing in my future. I've spent so much time surviving, that I have no idea what I actually *want* in life. I'm losing everything all over again, and I'm in permanent "panic mode" and can't fix anything. I've recently come to accept that there is, more likely than not, no afterlife. That when we die, that's it, lights out, no memories, no hopes, no fears, no sense of self, no nothing, and frankly, of all the options before me, that one is the most welcoming because I've spent 32 years on my own trying to get a handle on this thing called "life" and it's pretty fucking obvious that I'm completely retarded in this regard, and I sincerely believe that I would be doing myself a HUGE favor by just skipping ahead to the end, because this in-between sucks and I'm tired of trying. I used to believe in love, and common human decency, in spite of everything I experienced and witnessed growing up. But now I realize the cynics were right all along. There's no purpose in anything that anyone does, all we can do is milk life for all it's worth, and I can't for some reason. I'm broken on some fundamental level that forever keeps me from experiencing joy. There is nothing that I want anymore, I don't see the point in anything, and I just want it all to be over, but for some stupid reason I'm here instead.

TL;DR Grew up beaten and abused, homeless since a teen, finally stabilized at 32 and couldn't handle being happy and "normal", I lost my job, I'm losing my home, and don't see the point in continuing this bullshit cycle of misery because I can't think of anything I want anymore, IF I ever did or could in the first place.