This is how I got happy, and it is not likely that you will get happy the same way as I didRecently I have been scrolling r/suicidewatch just in case I would have something important to say. Well, in the light of all the suicidal, depressed and miserable posts I have read, I fell obliged to write this post concerning about the fact how I got happy.

Listen. 
I am happy. I didn't use to be. I know that to some the ages 14-18 might feel like child's play in depression in case of "experienced misery", but to those who actually have experienced teenage depression it is a whole other matter.

I used to think inside my head all the chances how could I get happier, how could I be normal. How could I restore my faith in humanity as a happy, united wonderworld. I was an anorectic, depressed human being. I had all that it takes to be happy and successful in life; a nice family and brains that didn't lack smartness.

But there was something lacking. I couldn't feel happy. I couldn't see what made the other people around me so confident about themselves, what made them flourish above me.

And then one day, I stopped drinking coffee. I'm not kidding. I live in Finland, which is basically the coffee-consuming capital of the world, we are intoxicated on it 24/7. I stopped drinking it. And it changed everything. For one per cent of people drinking coffee it causes anxiety and depression (source; wikipedia and myself).

I no more felt suicidal, depressed, or anxious around other people. I could talk to them as an equal, as a normal human being who is enjoying his life. That's how I got better. Chemically.

I used to scroll random summaries about how you could get your life quality improved, about happiness and flourishing, and nothing about them helped shit. 

Sometimes, you just need luck. You need something extraordinary to change your life upside down. For me, it was a chemical change. If you have already tried everything in your reach to change your life better, maybe there isn't a solution available at the moment. You just have to hope for a better tomorrow. That's what I did, for many years. And one day, it just changed. I know that this maybe isn't the most inspiring story anyone has ever written, but my point is;

The only thing lasting in this world is change; and the only thing that is rational to do when depressed is to hope for better tomorrow. 

You don't know what's going to cure you and when. You just have to believe. I know it's hard, believe me, but I also know that it is possible to become happy all of a sudden, from my own experience.

Hope this helped. If it didn't, well fuck it, it took just 2 minutes to read it, so I guess it didn't screw anyone's life completely to waste that kind of time reading something unhelpful.

