I can't do anything rightI have been jobless for the past 6 months, sold my pc to pay rent(ended up using most of the money buying drugs and other useless shit), the rest of the months my mom have been giving money for the rent. 

I finally got hired at a company that is outsourcing support(voice and chat). Suddenly I had a purpose, life didn't seem so black anymore, I got up in the morning waiting to finally start working(the training was scheduled one month after the job interview). When they hired me, they told me that I would be on the chat side, not taking calls which sounded perfect to me, I just had sit at my desk typing and getting my paycheck. Of course I was quite anxious to start going to work again, but I knew it was normal anxiety. 

It all changed the first day of my training, it turned put that I was not on the chat side, I was on the voice side which is very anxious for me because my spoken English is shit. But hey, I didn't let it hold me down at first, I took it as a challenge. But I didn't realize on the first day that the trainer would make us talk in front of everybody. I have avoided public speaking all my life. I went 3 days to the training and missed the forth and fifth. Tomorrow I have to go again and I'm horrified about public speaking and not getting along with other trainees. I need this job because I need to pay the rent and I am in debt with some of my friends.

This is the event that made me plumit back into wanting suicide. I have struggled before with these thoughts, but now after finally feeling better for getting hired right upon starting the training, I am feeling the "no escape" feeling worse than it ever was. I can't kill myself because of my mom whom I love very much, she would be destroyed. 

To give you some context: I am 21, fat, college dropout, never had a girlfriend, probably have some kind of anxiety disorder and depression (I never went to get diagnosed), facial scars and a missing tooth right in the upper center due to a car accident, currently broke and I don't know what I am going to eat tommorow. Also, I'm probably a drug addict, I have never been addicted to a specific drug, I just like them all(I've tried weed, mdma, lsd, shrooms, amphetamines, heroin, mephedrone, ketamine, and others), but I stopped a month prior to starting the training because I felt good about myself and I wanted to have a clear head to not fuck up my job. Also also, I have been playing pc games since I was 3 years old and not having a PC is really fucking hard.

Like I said in the title, I can't do anything right, not even suicide. I don't even know why am I posting this. Probably to let of some steam.