Ramble until a plan forms...I need to make a plan, for how I'm going to die. I just don't see the point of living anymore. I'm a cancer to the human race. I really don't have any redeeming qualities about myself. I'm 28 years old, no job, no prospects. I can't even go back to school cause I was stupid when I went the first time, quit, and now have defaulted loans. So, no way I could afford it. I have horrible work experience, so I am rather unhirable. Every guy I've dated has left me for someone else, and a couple were even rather demeaning. I've already come to the conclusion that I am unloveable. 

I would be less a burden to those around me if I did go. They wouldn't have to help support me, they wouldn't care really. Hell, other than my roomie who is hardly ever here anymore, I haven't really spoken to anyone in a week. No vehicle to go anywhere, and nothing that doesn't involve money within walking distance. So, it has just been me, music, and my thoughts for a week. 

It isn't fun. And I've lost the will of things. I hardly eat, I just don't want to. Hell, I hardly drink anything either. I got so thirsty earlier that I gulped down half a gatorade and ended up just throwing it back up. I don't want to do anything now. Just lay and think on how I would do it if I built up the courage. 

A gun would be too messy, and I have a fear of guns since my drug-riddled father tried to shoot me when I was eleven. Can't go near then without a complete shutdown panic. I couldn't slit my wrists, cause I used to be a cutter and I know that it would be above my pain tolerance and I would fuck it up.

I don't have access or can afford pills and whatnot. I guess I could just sell whatever I could at a pawn shop not too far. Then at least whoever is there to clear out my junk doesn't have too much to get rid of. Small bonus for them. 

Hm. So maybe that should be the plan. Sell everything worth anything. Then find something to OD on. Monday night should prove to be interesting.

Goodbye.