I don't remember a time where I was happy, other than the time I lived a lie.I'm 25 now and have been mostly depressed since my early teens, I've been to a psychologist, a psychiatrist and a couple of counsellors but I've always found them completely unhelpful.

I think the depression comes from feelings of loneliness; I've only ever had one "girlfriend" (I use the term loosely due to her treatment of me) and I only have a few friends (my housemates, who take any opportunity to make a joke out of me.  In fact, I am alone now in the new student house for four weeks... it seems like this is a taster of what the rest of my life will be like)

I ended up being part of a church for a few years.  I feel I was suckered into it because they do a good job of making you welcome.  However, when I stopped going there I found my "friends" no longer wanted to talk to me.  It was obvious they were my "friends" simply because they had to be.

After years of suffering I finally managed to get myself to university to do a nuclear astrophysics degree, with the hope of one day saving enough money to tour the world.  This simple dream is the only motivation I have that's keeping me alive right now, but it's slowly becoming worthless.

I struggle at making and keeping friends.  So many people advise you to join societies and clubs etc where people are but it's a lot easier to get to these places than it is to make friends.  I try so hard to make conversation but I'm certain that people find me a little weird (I am a physicist after all).  So, of course, it makes it impossible to pick up women (coupled with my "below average" looks, proved by the amiugly subreddit)

I think I'm also in love with a girl, who also claims to be in love with me.  However, we live 200 miles apart (aye, we met on the internet) so she's not willing to try anything.... surely then she doesn't love me and is just using me as an emotional pillow?  It hurts so much to hear about her relationships, I try to stop talking to her hoping it would stop the pain but I can only last a week without her.

It feels a bit better to write this, knowing that some other human may read it but I still constantly think about suicide.

I just want to know what it's like to be loved, do I really ask so much of the world?