If "suicide is selfish" is one's only reason to stay alive, how to deal with it?Hi /r/SuicideWatch .

Even you have it in the rules, one of the first things people read on the sidebar of this subreddit is that guilt-tripping is strictly forbidden (1a). However, this is probably the only reason, or one of a few, why I'm staying alive. Because your loved ones are the ones that will yelp "but what about me and my feelings?!?!" the moment you talk about potentially killing yourself. Many of us are conditioned into being needed, and now have trouble getting over it. I'm one of those people. 

As much as I don't want to hurt anyone with my death, I understand that it doesn't justify me continuing my presence on this planet. On a global scale, I'll hurt less than a couple billionths of a percent of the entire Earth population - that's a drop in the ocean and humanity will easily get over it. 

Come to think of it, we all care about our own lives before anybody else's... I mean, if my mom or dad died, I'd grieve, I'd be lost and devastated, but dying is a part of life. And if my mom or dad committed suicide due to the emotional or physical pain they cannot overcome, I'd be no less lost and devastated, but I'd be happy for them that they don't have to suffer anymore. Mom does not share that logic though. She wouldn't be happy that I don't suffer here anymore. She would only think about her feelings - that's normal, that's human. However, I'm just a part of the crowd of people surrounding her, even if one of the closest. She conditioned me into the idea that I'm to be responsible for her grief if I commit suicide. And I cannot get over it. 

So, I need another reason to live. Long story short, I want to commit suicide because I hate how selfish, gross, inconsiderate, harmful, parasitic, sex-driven, emotional humans are. And since I'm one of the humans... hey, I can spare the world from one of these awful creatures, wouldn't that be awesome?

Therefore, I need help getting over this reason to stay alive and f'k off this existence with a clear conscience. Alternatively, I need help with finding another reason to stay alive, although I don't hold my hopes up in this department. 

Thank you for your time!