Chronic Disease SuffererHello,

I'm a 40 year old male who at the age of 25 was struck down with an undiagnosed disease that has left me dizzy and with a headache (along with several other symptoms) every minute of every day since.  

In other words, for the last 15 years, I've had a headache, dizziness, imbalance, cognitive issues 24x7x365.  I've been to numerous doctors and have had countless tests and nobody knows whats wrong with me.  

In the past 15 years, I've done the best that I've could to maintain an upbeat perspective, hoping that one day somebody will find out what's wrong with me and be able to provide some form of treatment but here I am 15 years later and my condition has just gotten worse.  I've probably tried close to 100 different meds and none have worked.

I worry incessantly about my job.  I worry that I may not even be able to get out of bed tomorrow.  

I've tried several anti-depressants, both pharmaceutical-grade and natural and have they do little to improve my outlook.  I cannot escape the headache and numerous other symptoms that plague me 24x7.    

Honestly, I just can't see myself being an old man and feeling like this.  My energy level is just wiped out fighting to get through the day (because of the illness).  If it wasn't for this physical illness, I would probably be ok.  I have a pretty good tolerance for pain (both physical and emotional) but my body and mind is giving out and I'm not sure what to do.  

I think of suicide, on average, about every 5 minutes or so.  I can't get it out of my head.  I just don't know how much longer I can take this physical illness.  It bears down on me so.  I'm also an atheist-I gave up on praying at about year 10 or so into this.  It doesn't work.

I will say this.  To all of those who post on here who are going through problems, take a step back and see that most of the time, your problem is temporary.  Being 40, I've been through quite a bit and have seen my share of good times and bad times.  The emotional bad times come and go.  If you find yourself clinging on to these emotional bad times, get medicated.  If you have your health, be thankful.  

The absolute worst thing in the world is be have health problems.  My particular issues have plagued me since I was 25 and has robbed me of so much life, yet I persevered.  

I just feel so tired of the fight.  I don't have much more to give to it.  So tired.  