First time really feeling like this.I'm sitting at work now, and it's the first time i have ever gotten the thought of ending it. it definitely scares me, however it definitely feels like the easy way out. i guess it all started abut a year ago. i met this nice girl who i thought was the proper one for me. she was planning on going into school in a city 2 hours away from where we lived. i felt our relationship had grown enough that absolutely i would be more than happy to support. I moved there with her and things were going great. i got a decent job as a service adviser at a car dealership as i was working on the cars before i moved. finally didnt have to pull any more wrenches. i met some super cool friends there, made absolutely no enemies. however about 6 months later, me and my SO at the time started getting jealous of eachother going out with our individual friends we made. she made friends through school whom i have never met, but i only made my friends at work, who she met almost immediately. we knew we would not cheat on one another, but we both had this uneasy feeling in her gut. i do race automobiles as a hobby and i met some cool people at the racetrack there. my SO was very jealous when we all hung out because we would talk about racing a lot. She wanted to learn about it and get better, but never really made the effort. One night we got into a huge argument about what i can talk to my friends about (racing), we were drunk that night, and she swallowed a whole bottle of pills. i did not watch this happen as i was told to sleep on the couch. the next day she told me to take her to the hospital, i asked why, and she didnt tell me. the doctors told me after they did some blood work and she had to stay at the hospital for the following 2 days. i was by her side from 9am till 11pm when i was told to leave. after she got out, things were different. we kept arguing until one night she went out and stayed at another guy's place. I dont know if she cheated on me, and i wont say she did. Thats not fair to her. HOWEVER. everything tumbled out of control. we split up. i moved back to my home city. had to find a new job. got into car sales. I enjoy it alot, however my money situation is very tight, they arent paying me correctly. I havent been eating properly. ive been drinking a lot. cant sleep at night. all my friends here are saying she beat me into another relationship. turns out shes with her ex that cheated on her and thats a drug dealer. really makes me think if i am actually worse than that. im trying to see other girls but that destroys my self esteem. im slowly pushing myself away from my family by drinking too much and spending all my money on things i dont need, or even want. the girl i like ives 5 hours away and i see her maybe twice a month. but i cannot do a move or long distance that far away. The best of friends i have now live in the city i moved to with my ex. but i feel like they are all taken away from me. sure i visit them as much as possible, but not nearly enough. Ex, money, job, and family is all building up on m and i hit a serious brick wall. it wasnt till today where i really wanted to do it. and i still do...

(sorry for the bad grammar)