DisappointedSo I'm writing this on mobile from a hospital bed. Please forgive formatting and length.

I made an attempt a little over a week ago. It almost worked. My mother in law walked into my bedroom (which she never does) and found me unconscious.  From what they tell me, has it been even 20 minutes later, it would have been too late.

I was diagnosed as type 2 bipolar when I was 12. About a year ago, it was clarified as PTSD induced bipolar. About that same time, I started taking meds again. Then in January, I admitted to my psychologist and my psychiatrist that I was suicidal. They instantly changed my meds, and I gave them the impression that it was working. It wasn't. 

A little over a week ago, I waited until the kids were asleep in their beds, then went to my bathroom, and took all of my recently filled meds. Considering that I take 4 mood stabilizers, plus meds for migraines, and something else for sleep, it was a lot. My stomach started to feel heavy, but other than that, I felt great. I felt free. I knew it was just a matter of time, so I put out the letters I had written for my kids, my husband, my parents, and put them where I was sure they'd be found.  Then I laid down and waited. I remember falling asleep, feeling like I was finally free.

Fast forward 5 days, and I'm waking up in ICU with my mother asleep in a chair next to the bed, and one of my sisters and her boyfriend asleep on the couch in the room. For the life of me, I can't understand why I'm still alive. Why it didn't work. My whole body hurts, I have tubes coming out of both of my arms, and I'm pissed. It should have worked.

Once I got explanations and realized my mother in law called an ambulance, the only thing I feel is hatred. I hate that she picked then to walk in. Why she couldn't just leave me alone and let me die. I know I shouldn't, but I can't help it. I don't want to be here. It was the perfect plan, and she ruined it. 

Now I'm stuck in a hospital, in a life I don't want to be in, because people can't understand how much it hurts just to breathe every day. This completely sucks.