I Don't Have Any Will to LiveI am going to kill myself, I don't know when.
Soon, but I don't feel urge strong enough yet and I don't know how I'd do it.


I had to drop out of school and come home. My parents have assumed their role as Pez dispensers for my five medications. 


They are locked up because they know I'd OD. I've tried it once before.


I have been trying to kill myself since I was 16. I'm 20 now. You'd think at this point they'd just let me.


I don't have any self-worth. As kid my birth mother was extremely abusive. I had to mother her a lot of the time, no one ever supported me or tried to help me have a self-esteem. 


I was never encouraged to do sports or helped with homework. No one ever held me when I cried. 


My parents now always rub it in my face how all I'm worth is money to them. How they're still paying attorney bills from getting custody of me.


How they're paying for college and they don't love me, but I am an investment and so they care if I kill myself.


It would mean they'd lost about twenty grand or more on me. 


They've said that. I'm not assuming. 


I have two friends. They listen to me but for some reason their words just don't soothe the pain, they don't make me feel any better.


I had a boyfriend. We broke up. He said it was my fault. We were talking about fixing things but last night he told me pretty much that I was worthless. He said he'd rather spend time alone and write music because at least his piano respects him and doesn't make him feel bad.


He told me life is much better without me in it.


He has depression. I have been trying my best to be calm with him. I have not said anything hateful to him. I've reassured him of his worth, I've been his friend. I've been his biggest fan.


Multiple times he has intentionally hurt me and admitted that he did it on purpose. He says that I'm too stupid and self centered to understand anything else but abuse.


He wasn't always like this. I would never subject myself to abuse if I didn't know he used to be different. 


I have such a hole in my chest where I want to be loved.


It's festering with emptiness now.


I tried loving myself. I see that in blogs, my therapist said to do it.


They say "date yourself" or be your own best friend.


I guess I don't really know how that works.


I guess I've been alone and self soothing for so much of my life that I wanted a real best friend, I wanted someone external to love me unconditionally too like I loved them.


But, now I see that I am not worth that.


I have been alone and self-soothing all of my life for a reason.


It isn't God just shitting on my life. I haven't had an extraordinary amount of bad things happen in my life because something even better is in store.


That isn't true and I will just face pain the rest of my life.


Why not just end it now. For me and for everyone else because I'm such an inconvenience. Because it's so hard to love me.


To take time out of your day to just love me too.