Stuck Abroad, Probably Now Is The TimeI'm thousands of miles away from my family, my gf is leaving me because I'm a cunt. I'm 23, no job. An alcoholic mother, a father who couldn't give a shit about me 95% of the time. I just think I'm at that point now. I will be stuck here thousands of miles away from family as I'm in rural Canada and I relied on my gf driving me to the airport when I had to leave. Now she wants me to sort an earlier flight and just find a way to leave. Well I can't. I'm probably autistic or some shit because I struggle to do what normal people could do. My life's a mess, and I ruined the one thing that kept me going and that was my relationship. If I knew some painless way to end it I would do it now, without hesitation. The only thing keeping me alive is being a pussy and too scared to do it. So I can't even kill myself properly. My fear makes me both want to kill myself and is also stopping me from doing it. Ironic, eh? Well I don't know what to do anymore, I can't be trapped here with no help. I honestly would call an ambulance but in Canada that means money that I don't have. So nahh, calling someone to save my life and then give me a $500 bill ain't worth it. All I can think of is that I managed to get to Canada and face one of my biggest fears (flying) so why can't I commit suicide? I'm excited by the thought! But too scared. I wish I had a dad that cared, one that had shown me how to be a good man. All he did was teach me to be an asshole then stopped caring when he perfected the art of making me a cunt. Well, if I do ever do anything then I just hope my mum knows how much I appreciated her. She's been there for me through everything, I just wish I could make her proud. But I'm a loser and I'm just done. The second I figure out a way to kill myself I will. Or if in the incredibly unlikely chance I can somehow get home in one piece then I at least can see my family one more time before deciding my fate.

Thank you if anyone bothered to listen, I don't want pity. If anything feel free to pm me insults, that's what I deserve