I am....so tired of money ruling the world and just want to give upAs the title says, I am so tired of money being the heart of everything in this world. You want to eat? That costs money. You want to have a roof over your head? That costs even more money. This is why homelessness is so rampant. It's not all about drug use. Most people think it is, but do you think people want to be homeless? I certainly don't. I am 25, male, and have NEVER done drugs. I live a clean lifestyle, only one with no job, no car, not even a family to turn to. I was adopted out of the foster care system and into a pair of abusive psychopaths who literally tried ruining my life whom I managed to escape from 3 years back. I want to work. I want to make something of myself. Yet, why should I have to worry about money at all just to eat and have shelter? I have disability but apparently i'm not disabled enough by the frickin government to "qualify" which is bull. I have been living off small meals the past two days because my food stamps decided not to renew cuz of some bull excuse. Maybe because I'm not a junkie that I just don't have help. Seems society only cares if you are a junkie or have kids, and I have neither. Just me and my boyfriend, who is pretty much the only one that cares about me. He's the reason I am still here.

I just want to give up. Let me be free from the crushing student debt. I have an apartment but im three months overdue because of covid and the political parties having a hissy fit for the past two months. People are in dire need, such as myself, but our elected officials are being spoiled brats instead of actually helping us. I want help, but I just have a sinking feeling I won't get the help I need. Because money. Money is fking ruling everything. and I am sick of it. I just want to give up. I haven't barely ate anything these last two days and the small meals i have had are from charity. I feel I have nowhere to turn to, and that I am just attention seeking when I really do need help. (I have also been on life chat or whatever its called for an hour now...on hold. Chances are they won't want to help me.) Maybe I'm better off dead. Least then I won't have to worry about the bullsht that is capitalism.