I want advice, I'm having suicidal thoughts again.Dear r/SW,

Today, my life got turned upside down, once more.
The last few weeks I've been talking to a certain girl, I'll call her N for reference, she broke up with her boyfriend a month ago, which is also a friend of mine, after 2 years. I didn't even knew her too well before the trouble of her splitting up with, lets call him M, M.

First of all I'm 16, still very young, but I was depressed for severals years, since I was 11 or 12 untill last year, when I was 15. I've never been popular, never had more than 3 friends.

I finally started to pick my life up, gaining more contacts, doing more for school. Then I fell in love with this girl, but I never showed it or told anyone. Because all I felt was utter numbness. It broke my heart but opened my mind for temporary happiness. I had daily thoughts of suicide, the only thing that kept me from going was saying goodbye.

I've lived without these thoughts for almost a year now, and I really enjoyed the freedom without it.

Fast-forwarding to today, N and I build up a bond between us that consists of great trust, she shared some things with me that she never shared with anyone else. And vice-versa. Apparently her sister read some minor things of our conversations, and she hinted that I might really like her, N. She then asked me if I did. I couldn't answer it directly, so I bluntly answered No. I am very bad at distinguishing emotions. Especially the happier emotions. I then began questioning my own feelings, which led to my own conclusion that I do like here, but also am very held-back because of her recent breakup. I wouldn't want to break every little friendship and trust that I built up, not just with her, with everyone I know.

I later sent her an email containing a letter from me adressing every major feeling. She admitted that she had no interest (at the moment) in dating anyone, whatsoever. I already knew this so I was prepared for that exact answer.

I felt shitty after talking to her, but right now she's the only one I really care about.

I talked to her a bit more after that, but it felt really awkward. During which, I discovered that she has/d 4 boys who fancy/like her. Including me. This, struck me even harder than her answering No when I asked her if she liked me.

But now, lying in bed, the thing I had overcome returned. Suicidal thoughts.
And I don't want to go through this all again. Nor do I want to burden her with my thoughts.

r/SW, help me. I need some words of advice, encouragement and above all, comfort.

P.s. Everything we talked about was through MSN or e-mail.
I typed this post on my phone, sorry for the long lines!
Right now, it's 4 Am, i'll check back in 6 hours