Loneliness is eating me awayWhile I'm only 16, I feel like I've been living forever. Over the summer for no apparent reason my group of friends started to exclude me little by little until today was the day when it got to the point where I'm not even "friends" with them. I cant even tell you how this started, because I dont know. Now going from going out all weekend for the whole day to staying at home thinking about what I'm missing out on and how this happened, and I just cant keep going on. This is just the first day too. I found out today that they all have a separate group chat without me and they have all been hanging out without me and giving me excuses to why they couldnt. Why they would never straight out say stop talking to us, we both know its there, and the only reason I'm going to keep by they or talking to them in school is so I dont look like a loner / loser and feel even more excluded. I just dont know how to deal with this loneliness and I know people will want to talk online and chat, and I play online games where I have friends, but none of that is a substitute for physical friends that you laugh with. I also came to realize that I have never, in my entire life had a friend. There was 8 of us in this group and each of them had that one person where you always had those deep conversations with. I had one for about a month during the beginning of the summer but nope, turns out he is one the ones that hates me most. I dont even know why I never talked about what we said besides to eachother. 

And I just think, if I were to off myself, how many of them would show up. I think they all would if only to keep the image of them as my friends. But tbh I would in my letter specifically call them out and let people know that they arent. Im a junior in a small highschool so there are cliques and you cant just find a new group of friends. And when I think about my future I used to have such a passion and drive for biology yet today, I find myself not even wanting to do anything with it. Just all of it dead. Just want to join the army, force myself to grow up, and if I died in combat at least I would have done something. 

I dont know what to expect from this but just want it off my chest figured here is more appropriate the /r/offmychest 