RamblingsIt’s not necessarily that I don’t feel anything. It’s that I feel everything all at once and then I shut down. I become an emotionless zombie who just sits and stares and silently cries. And it’s not that I want to kill myself. I don’t have any urges to actively do that. But I don’t want to be alive. I’m not living right now. I’m just slowly dying. I’m unemployed, living at home, getting an allowance from my mom. At 31 years old. I’m single, childless, unkempt, overweight female. I just gave up cigarettes. Which was one of my favorite ways of stress relief. Because it made my mom cry that I smoked. So of course the guilt got to me. I’ve got to be whatever I’m expected to be. Happy. Healthy. Attentive. Carefree. People want to say that suicide is selfish. To me, what’s selfish is knowing your friend or loved one is so mentally and emotionally broken and thinking that your feelings about them being around are more important than their feelings about themselves. We put injured animals out of their misery. But I’m the selfish one for wanting to be let go. I’m just so tired. I’m so tired of living with guilt. I’m so tired of being whoever this person is. It’s exhausting. Other people can figure it out. I’m apparently so fucked up that I can’t get the basics under control. I don’t get wanting your friend or loved one to continue to live in constant pain. Especially when there have been so many steps taken to try to “fix it”. Clearly none of this works. I’m always going to be broken and useless. And who can I tell any of this to? My friends all have their own stresses in their lives right now. My family doesn’t deserve me laying this on them. My therapist will just get me put into a center for assessment and observation. I can’t tell anyone how I truly feel. I live in constant pain. I am broken. I don’t provide anything to my friends, family or society. I’m a burden and a leech. I have no hope of getting married or having kids. So I’m not expanding anyone’s family tree. I’m not working, so I’m not helping society or myself at all. I just sit in my room and wait for the day to be over. Because for me that’s all there is. There’s no hope for another day. There’s no planning for the future. It’s just getting through this one day. So what’s the point? I’m literally just living day to day. Wouldn’t it be better to share whatever made up memories you have together than to actually deal with me and my broken brain and emotions? Because all I’m doing now is hurting others by not being able to function. People have to tiptoe around me and that’s pathetic. No one should have to cater to my brokenness. All I’m doing is making my family paranoid about what I’ll do. 