Lost and confusedIn advance I’m sorry this is so long 

So idk how bad my shit is compared to others 
but everything has just been pulling me down lately.  My mother and father always fought. Mom was very on the edge with my dad as she always said she still loved him every time we saw him get mad and in the worst case scenario hit her. She would say he is just ill and needs love(parents pointed guns at his head and molested him so not too friendly of an upbringing)  my dad refused to get any physical help and always drank.  He snapped at me only some of the time but I remember those moments well.  After years of back and forth my mom decided it was time he moved out after he and my brother got into a fight that ended in my dad getting a broken rib.  Less than a year later she started disappearing from the house and soon she moved in with my dad leaving me, my brother and my grandmother alone(she still pays for everything and has a stable income). I started cutting and having suicidal thoughts 3 years ago before any of this moving away stuff happened.  It always was small but in 8th grade I found my moms pain killer stash.  At this time I stole most of them and started showing up to school high off my mind. I didn’t care anymore and just wanted to die. I’m still very young and my irrational choices will now forever haunt me.  In this time I destroyed my thighs.  I don’t remember the exact reasons I did it I think it was just pain that I couldn’t handle.  I told my friends I stopped doing pills but lied for two months until I really stopped.  Summer after 8th grade I started smoking weed but when my mom moved out she left some bottles of pills and I snatched them all.  In the summer I became a complete drug addict blocking out everyone in my life.  In this time my mother told me my father wanted to kill himself and said it was my fault.  This skyrocketed my self harm and now my right leg is an awful sight to witness on a daily basis.  I’m a drug addict at 15(I don’t do pills anymore simply because I ran out) and my mother is watching my fall and doesn’t do anything.  I’ve been caught with drugs and my grades are plummeting but the house is still empty.  The most recent cuts I did was two weeks ago and idk how I plan to stop.  No one knows about the self harm but I feel like if I keep it in any longer I’m going to explode.  Honestly idk what advice I’m asking for but I just needed to tell someone the entire truth. I’m honestly just scared.  