I am at war with myself.Honestly, I never thought I'd be putting this on the internet, but I just feel like I have nowhere else to go. Here's what's up:

First, I want to apologize if any of this seems like a garbled mess. The situation itself is a garbled mess, sure, but I've never been good at writing it out. I'm sorry if it's hard to follow...

I am a 20 year old female. Grew up in a broken home with a lot of alcoholism, so just putting this out there that my parents are *not* the type of people to go to for any sort of comfort.

Last year I developed an Anxiety/Panic Disorder which focused around my friends more than myself. In my life, my friends are most important as they helped me get over my problems at home, and naturally I fuss over their well-being and such... But one night at dinner I realized that those friends of mine who were far away I couldn't do anything for if they got hurt, and if anything happened to them (die, car accident, etc) it may take days or months for me to know... I may never know about a couple of them as they're just so far away. I knew it was a silly thought, because surely people have the same thoughts and don't let it affect them any, right? Well I don't know... But what I do know, is that immediately after that thought passed I was consumed by a powerful anxiety attack- I started shaking, I couldn't eat, I felt like crying and my temperature rose and made me feel like I was having one hell of a fever.

Since then, I started to worry about basically everything to do with my friends, but I learned the hard way that such things just shouldn't be said. Some friends I told about my problem started distancing myself from me- some didn't want to deal with it, and some thought they were doing me a favor by giving me less to worry about, but it never took any worry away and I still worry about them to this day.

Eventually someone came along shortly after it started and we just... We connected so well. Nobody could replace them in the whole wide world- I fell in love with them fast. However, they were one of the furthest away out of all my friends... But because they were so special to me [and I to them] I was *terrified* of pushing them away, so I never told them about my problems. They still didn't know, and since we met we've gotten a lot closer- even visited each other once earlier this year which was amazing, but I digress. This person went through a lot since we met... Eventually, as the months of last year rolled on, I started to become very paranoid about just about everything... I'd get these terrible thoughts about everything; especially driving as I had been in a car accident before and it left me with a bad back and tinnitus [loud ringing in the ears]. Everything frightened me, but it frightened me more to think that my friends would get hurt. At this point, it's October when things started in May, and I'm beginning to feel very tired of all of these stupid thoughts.

This year, I started getting the strangest thoughts. They were both terrifying and in their own way relieving. They were like:

"If you don't &lt;put something to do here&gt;, then &lt;insert name of friend I'm worrying about&gt; will die/have something terrible happen/crash their car/etc."

"If you listen to &lt;insert song&gt; 5 times, things will get better!"
"If you cut yourself 3 times things will get better! You have to bleed or it doesn't count."
"You must have everything organized or terrible things will happen to your loved ones."

It's like my brain's trying to make up its own therapy, because sometimes when things are done right I *do* feel a little better. For like, five minutes. Then more thoughts pop up and should I do anything wrong, I start to think "Well, you messed up. &lt;Friend's name&gt; is going to die."

And yes, since it started self-harm has indeed been present almost daily. If my parents knew, they'd probably try to get me locked away in some mental hospital, and the thought terrifies me. I just want to get better, not be locked up and away from home...

Now, it's all a big vicious circle. I get an anxiety attack from...Whatever... Panic rises fueled by paranoia, and these stupid little OCD thoughts rise up, and repeat. And I'm... So tired of it.

Yes, I have thoughts of suicide. Yes, I know people will feel terrible. Yes, I know I'll be leaving people who care about me behind but this. Is. Not. Going. Away. I've tried so much... I feel trapped; I feel at war with myself, and that nothing can help me. I feel like I'm the only one who suffers in this exact way- if someone is going through this very problem, *please* tell me. I feel like I'll be like this for the rest of my life, and even if things don't get any further between me and that one friend, I know I'll be like this if I meet someone else even as a friend. This has lead to a bad depression.

I tried looking for places to get help, but I live in a small city and the places here want money I just don't have, and focusing on getting a job and dealing with all of this nonsense is just not something that can happen at once. I've tried hotlines, and I've tried help from friends, but nothing's worked and I'm scared. In my heart, I don't want to die, but when I'm overcome by anxiety it feels like the best choice I could ever make.

**TL;DR: Have Anxiety, Panic, Paranoia, OCD, Depression. Yeah. Shit.**