I want to die...againIf you have read my previous posts here, you would have come to know I have a tough time with friends. However, they're not the reason why I wanna kill myself. The reason I wanna kill myself is me. You see, I was never the son my parents could be proud of or always the friend that my friends (who are awesome, by the way) deserved. I've realized that I'm a disappointment all in all. That was one of a series of realizations I will have come to know in the span of a short period of time when I was (I still am) struggling with an alcohol problem (one of the bad apples in the batch got me hooked on to it. I honestly cannot seem to stop with it either). Getting back to the point, I also realized that having suicidal thoughts is like having AIDS. You cannot really go back to the way things were. All you can do is ease the pain. A really good friend that I met pretty recently also left me because we'll, I essentially exploded at her. I told her a few things that her boyfriend shouldn't know. I was pretty bummed out about him kinda maintaining a distance from me (he was my best friend) and she found out something was wrong and wouldn't leave me until I told her what was up. I then asked her to promise me not to tell him n she did exactly that. Now I got pissed. I essentially exploded at her. The problem is, she was taking anti depression meds at the time (idk about now) she was that kind of person who's check up on you even if you exhibit slight hints of killing yourself. She'd literally call my phone if I don't answer her texts. I used to do the same too. All this combined with the other aforementioned factors makes me feel like a monster. The only way I know to get rid of it is kill myself . I was actually optimistic after last time I had posted here and we all know how that went. I have also realized that I cannot make everyone happy. By trying to do that, I disappoint everyone. So, I have thought of disappointing everyone for the last time and ending it all. The only way for me to kill myself right now is jumping off my window but then I get a panic attack every time I try jumping out of my window (I'm scared of heights) I honestly don't know what to do anymore. I'm lost and I don't think I'll be the person I once was. I'm sorry for wasting your time.