need somewhere to put thisnot even making a throwaway as i probably should b doing cause irl people know this reddit but who cares at this point.


some backstory: im trans, 17 and have been struggling with (professionally diagnosed) major depressive and general anxiety disorder for just under 6 years (major depressive is more recent like 2 and a half i think but GAD was diagnosed 6 years ago). Over the last couple years I've been dealing with suicidal thoughts but it usually comes and goes and doesnt last more than a month or two but the last 9-10 months for me have been constant. Every moment of every day its there. Its not always in the front of my mind, but its always there. I've been seeing 2 therapists for ~2 years and was seeing one before that but was discharged before relapsing with self harm a couple months later. 


i feel like this cause i barely have friends, and most of the ones i do have are online (id say i have 2 or maybe 3 friends in real life and id say onlty one of those considers me a close friend) and yeah the loneliness of listening to 3-4 hours worth of podcasts cause you have nobody to talk to or actually interact with never gets any less horrible. plus on the friend thing, my best friend of 2 years recently told me he basically doesnt want me in his life, i knew something was up cause we were talking less frequently but he still means a ton to me and honestly its crushing me trying to figure out what i did wrong.


 on top of that, being trans is shitty. anybody who's trans will attest to this. cause im under 18 and live in the uk the government expects me to present and live "as a girl" (i hate the wording they use but whatever) without actually giving me medication or the support needed for this so i basically look like a fucking joke and i get harassed a lot for it (my looks arent the worst tbh, i just look like a feminine boy but my voice is just an instant give away no matter how hard i try). oh yeah also pretty much my entire family barring my mum hates me for this which is also cool.


ive been trying to make friends at college since i just started but i just cant seem to converse with people almost at all anymore. i used to be a funny, highly talkative person but the depression n stuff have just completely changed me as a person and now i struggle to speak with anybody that isnt a close friend. 


theres also some opiate related stuff but its not that big an issue yet idk its just the only way to feel relaxed and almost happy atm for me.


idk sorry about this i took an early bus home from college with the intent of overdosing and killing myself but now im posting a sob story on the internet. nice. thanks for reading if you did, it really means a lot to me atm.