I don’t deserve to be alive.I take up so many resources. I feel like a leech. There are probably countless others who would be more deserving of the life I live. But I don’t. 

I need to be better, but I’m a shit human being. I disappoint and I let down and I flake. I just feel like the world would be better off without me, you know? 

Anyway. I wrote an rant about autobiographies earlier which isn’t even close to having cohesive ideas. But I just want to say it. I know it’s repetitive and meandering and too abstract to be understood by anyone with any sense, but I want to shout these feelings into the void. I’m sorry you had to end up in the same one as I. 

on autobiographies— fuck you for thinking you matter
it is incomprehensibly arrogant to think that anyone would care about your life:
a stranger, just another of billions of billions of lives that exist ephemerally on this earth every day

— !
How dare you think that anyone cares about you and what you’ve done?
Nothing you have ever done has had any meaning to anyone other than those whom you’ve directly affected. Nor will it ever. 

The measure of an impactful life begins and ends with the connections one has made. Nothing more, and nothing less. No one cares about your life. Your thoughts, your words, your experiences. They are meaningless, and for you to think for a SECOND that they matter is mind-bogglingly self-centered. 

I hate biographies, but my most fervent vitriol I reserve for autobiographies. Anyone can write a book and pretend that those people who read about their brief, insignificant stints admire them, or value them, or even consider them as anything but a distorted mirror through which they see themselves. And to pretend that your life matters is the worst arrogance of them all. When people read about you, they don’t care about you. They don’t care about how you’ve felt, or what you’ve thought, or what you’ve done. They only see you as a vessel through which they might encounter some spark that will give meaning to their worthless lives. I do not mean for worthless to be an offensive accusation. Rather, I state it as a fact. Every life is just as worthless as every other. 

I read about your life story, and all I see are the ways in which you are similar to me. and I wonder if you have some value that I do not. For look at you— look at all you’ve done. And look at what I’ve done. It’s folly, I know. Neither of us matters. but there is a dark, aching sting in knowing that I matter even less. IS every life just as worthless as any other? The truth sits like a cold stone on the floor of my chest. I know that’s not true. I am more worthless. I don’t deserve to be here. 

And then I see the ways in which we are different. I see in you a mirror, and you reflect back at me everything I hate about myself. You highlight every shortcoming, every flaw. Every idea you articulate is a reminder that I have never had an original thought. 

I hate that anyone can ever feel as though their lives are worth something. Because I can’t. 



I know. I know that all we can ever do is write about ourselves. I am incapable of knowing anything else, and I don’t even have a firm grasp on that— who I am, I mean. I wish I were gone from this earth so I wouldn’t have to bear the burden of knowing how many resources I waste in my existence. I don’t deserve to be here. None of us do. 
I wish I could disappear into a black hole. I want to know what’s in there. 