Am I suicidal and just don't know it? The past couple months, I have been experiencing very constant thoughts about dying. Not active suicidal thoughts - It’s not a ‘wanting’ feeling, but more of a strong curiosity/mind-wandering collection of thoughts.  
 

These thoughts feel like intrusive thoughts, except instead of them coming every so often, I find myself thinking them at least a couple times a day.   
 

Things like:   
 

\- picturing myself getting hit by cars/buses while I walk down the street  
 \- the process to the hospital if i were to get hurt  
 \- how I think my friends/family/work colleagues would feel, and how they would move forward  
 \- the food that would go bad in my fridge  
 \- future events that I would miss if something were to happen  
 \- how many pairs of shoes would be left in my closet  
 \- what it would feel like to pass away while I’m sleeping, and if it would really just feel like I’m sleeping  
 \- food I would miss most if I couldn’t eat anymore, music I would miss, movies, things I haven’t done yet etc.  
 

The list goes on - but they seem to be little mundane thoughts like these.  
 The thoughts don’t make me feel sad or depressed. (I have gone through depression before a couple years ago, and was on medication for a little while, so I feel like I know fairly well what depression feels like, and these thoughts don’t seem to be like that)   
 

The past couple months of my life have been very up and down emotionally, so that could definitely be a contributing factor. 

I know that I already have personal issues with low self esteem and having a lack of confidence. I have many aspirations and passions that I want to pursue, but often times feel overwhelmed by them, and feel unproductive in working towards them.   
 

These thoughts do not feel particularly negative or upsetting, I’ve just never had such a long period of time go by with such constant thoughts like these.  
 

I’m reaching out here to see if anybody else may have felt this way before too, or if anybody has any insight into this type of thinking.  
 

Thanks!