Posting on a throwaway because I don’t want people to think I’m a freak: I spent all day doing a comprehensive study (accounting for biases) of whether I have had a positive or negative impact on my peers. I suspected that it would be overwhelmingly negative, but I was surprised by the results.I’m obsessed with data and recently unemployed, so I have lots of time on my hands. I’ve just spent all day completing a comprehensive study of everybody I know and for each person, I asked myself one question: have my actions positively or negatively impacted their lives? Has my existence validated theirs?

I know 848 individuals. I define “knowing” as a mutual ability to look at a photograph of the other person and identify him or her by first and last name. Of these 848, most were immediately disqualified as “neutral,” meaning my actions have had neither a positive nor a negative impact on their lives, OR that my actions have had an equally positive and negative impact.

28.5% of individuals (242) were identified as “non-neutral” actors. Of these, it was determined that I had a net positive impact on at least 117 and a net negative impact on at least 103. 22 were classified as “non-neutral without category,” meaning that I impacted their life, but a positive or negative skew remains ambivalent.

Furthermore, this study was deeply flawed:

1) there was a confirmation bias as a result of my mentality going into it and the judgement of my own mind, and

2) family members were never classified as “negative,” and rarely classified as “neutral,” so my 29 family members skew the data. 

Here is why the results surprised me: I expected an overwhelming number of “negative” impacts and few, if any positives. Instead, there were more positive than negative. As I made the list and checked it twice I looked at all those positive names and knew that I couldn’t commit suicide for their sake, at least not yet. Some of these people are quite old and as they pass, the negative scales will draw closer to equilibrium.

**TL;DR: thought I was hated, turns out it’s pretty neutral**