Tonight I'm going to die.I'm tired. I'm supposed to leave for work in 2 hours or so. But, I'm not going. And because of it, I'll be fired. My depression has gotten the best of me and has won. I'm going to die. No matter how long it takes, or what I have to do to make it happen. It's going to happen. So, guess I'll write goodbye letters to people who matter to me even though I'm sure they wont see it. 

Family: To my family.. my mother, my father, my sister, my brother.. and others whom are related to me. Thank you for raising me to know what love was. Unfortunately, that was taken away from me as well as my dignity and I'm miserable. I'll miss all of you. My main family especially. I love you all and hope you know that you guys were honestly my best friends. My everything. But I just wasn't strong enough for you and I'm sorry. 

To my friend: (Al, is what we will call her.) I've known you for 15 or more years and you've done so much for me over those years. We were so close we were practically sisters. I hope that you will not miss me too much. But, know that I love you and hope that you and your boyfriend make it to where you want in life. Because I know I havent. So, good luck with your life, and thank you for everything. 

To my Ex-Boyfriend (C) : C, I've never loved anyone as much as I have loved you. You showed me a love I'd never gotten before. Until you stopped. And gave it to others. More than one person got your love, and over time... I became dust. Regardless of the pain you put me through, the loyalty I still had for you even to this day, I don't regret. Which, yeah, it's going to make no sense because i do, however... regret speaking to you. I never would have had to endure so much pain on top of all my depression and anxiety if I'd never spoken to you. I loved you, yeah. I still do. I dont regret dating you, i dont regret loving you, nor do I regret knowing you. But, I really do regret speaking to you. I would've been so pain free if I'd never have spoken to you. Lying and cheating on someone is very harsh and painful to ones heart. But, even after all that you've done and said to me. I still love you. And I hope you know now, that you can, and will be free after tonight.. so, good luck with your life. I hope you get to where you wish to be. 

Anyone else I've not mentioned, just know those whom are close to me I love dearly. I'm 22, almost 23 years old. And I'm tired. Im drained and I am going to say that I'm deeply sorry for doing what I've done. Or am going to accomplish tonight. I wont make it to 23, because my birthday is May 29th. 

Im sorry. To everyone who has had to know me. Im deeply sorry. I'll be a solved problem very soon. 

-Goodbye,
                    KMK