Trying to stay positiveThis is just a summary of how I'm feeling, sharing with a bunch of random people.

I feel much better after learning i was accepted into a college a few days ago. I still want to die and to give up, but the thoughts are definitely less heavy and consistent than they were for a while until i got the news. I am conflicted because it's possible that i would save a lot of harrowing time and money by exiting life before i pay tuition. Would be better to die now rather than while in college. College could make me feel worse, after all. College includes people and work. I struggle to interact with people and i struggle to complete work. Even so, i do have faith it can work out. Just gotta force myself to do stuff a bit and implement that opposite action.

Through the past few months, in an ill attempt to cope with stress, I've developed disordered eating habits. Horrible relationship with food. My stomach's a ravenously gluttonous void. Binging and purging and restricting and feeling horrible about how food makes me feel and how it makes me look. I vow to change my ways after today especially. But i vow that every time. I eat food to make me feel better but it always ends up making me feel worse. I think being in college with an environment with more structure, it will be harder to sporadically eat. 

I do have a SO who makes me feel better every time i see him. It also helps to just go see anyone. My desire for food is astoundingly tamed and i feel better overall. I tend to avoid talking about how bad i feel sometimes. I dont tell him about wanting to die, or my eating habits. I feel like a burden to him because of my depression, even though he is nothing but kind and says I'm not burdensome at all. I feel like i shouldn't even be telling him i feel burdensome. That feels burdensome in itself. I might break up with him. I feel like we're quieter than we used to be. We love and care about each other but a lot of our passion comes out of our individual struggles. Probably because our personalities are both too serious sometimes. Anyway he might just feel relief if i do tell him we should break up. Or maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he would feel sad. Most likely, a mix of both? I wish i knew how he felt. He's told me he does hide things from his friends and parents to avoid hurting their feelings. 

All the above things i wrote are just some concerns i have as of now. Are college, disordered eating, and feelings about my partner all things i would kill myself over? No. I'm just explaining how my depression and shitty feelings play into those situations.

Nothing traumatic has ever happened to me. My brain just hates me and decided to be difficult. i need to kick myself in the ass in the most caring way possible and stop dreading everything. If i wanna live, which i do, i gotta accept that life is fast paced and demanding as hell. There are so many things that functional living requires and i dont have a lot of hope that i can do fundamental tasks correctly. Even the simplest things, like feeding myself. 

If you fail to do stuff you gotta do, it will pile up and then crush you. I feel like i wasn't built to keep up with it all. I'm too depressed and too deficient. That sounds like an excuse. I've felt suicidal enough for too long too many times. I've lied in bed and refused to get up and dreaded and evaded too many responsibilities for enough time. I have a dilemma and for the betterment of everything, I have to cut it out and make a choice, end life or do it right. I can't waste time anymore.