Not sure why I am posting here... but maybe it'll help, I don't know.Hi, everyone, I hope you are all doing well. I've decided to post here instead of calling a hotline, because last time I called a hotline the police showed up at my door and arrested me, and I was committed to a hospital against my will... I don't want that to happen again.

A little bit about my situation. I'm 31 years old, diagnosed Schizo-effective, but I'm not sure that is 100% right. I do have hallucinations and paranoia and delusions when I'm off my meds (and even some when on them, but much less), I also go through what I can only describe as "manic phases" and "severe depressive episodes"... I'm currently on disability, and with my wife temporarily out of work, my 500 bucks a month simply isn't cutting it, so things are fucking rough. 

I have missed my last three therapy appointments (twice because I couldn't afford transportation to the office, and once because my therapist had an emergency [not his fault]). I've been out of medication for close to a month now, because I don't have the lousy 10 bucks to pay for it (I have medicare prescription insurance and the low income extra help, so they can't charge a lot, even though it's a very expensive med), the script expired, and now I have to wait until the doctor can see me to get another one (low cost clinic, 1 doctor for hundreds of patients, also not their fault).

I am in constant physical pain (RA diagnosed) and also can't afford the treatment medication and because of a bad reaction to 1 shot of god damn diluaded one time in the hospital for an injury (I even told them not to fucking give it to me) I'm now on a list and can't be given any painkillers and tylanol does sweet fuck all, and I can't take iBuprofin... so yeah, constant pain, can barely walk a lot of the time. 

Because of all of this I am a burden on my wife and my mother (who is technically my payee and legal guardian, I was ruled incompetent at one point, even though I've been getting much better and with meds (for both mental and physical problems) can take care of my damn self just fine, or at least not need as much help. Even when my wife is working she can only work part time, because I can't get the medication I need to be able to take care of myself... that makes her unhappy, she likes to work, it makes her feel good... and I've taken that away from her, because I'm a piece of garbage who can't get off the fucking couch half the time. 

I can't even play with my son when he visits... and I just don't know what to do. I don't really WANT to die... maybe... but I just don't see another way. If I die, my wife can be happy, my son can stop coming here, and his step dad is a much better father than I ever was... usually to deal with all this shit I used to use drugs (clean for a miserable 9 years, 355 days, 3 hours and 7 minutes) or drink (don't have the fucking money for food, let alone booze).. but I can't do that... so I don't know what to do. The only thing that provides an actual distraction is video games, but I've put so much time into the ones I have, that it doesn't work anymore... and really it's probably unhealthy to lose myself that much. It just seems like the best solution to all of this (and an end to all sorts of bullshit for me and other people in my life) is to just kill myself... 

Like I said, not sure why I'm posting this... but maybe someone can offer some words that actually help? I don't know... 