Friend (21) on student abroad across country - wont respond after long chat of me trying to convince her out of suicideI am currently numb. I am 15, and 3 years ago i was suicidal and i hated myself. A mentor about 6 years older at the orchestra i was in noticed how shy and stuff i was and well after a while got to know me. He didnt get fired but reported the habit i had to my mom but i ended up getting better, i am close to his girlfriend and him. 

They broke up last night, she apparently got jealous and he apparently got mad. They have been dating for roughly 5-6 year. Basically he said he hates her and never wants to talk to her again and she is tired of messing up. They've helped me through rough times and ive helped them through bumpy times in their relationship, but this is not something that is fixable.

She was going on about how she is a mess up and how she hates herself, but i actually look up to her. They look to me as their little sister and they are like my older brother and sister because they are almost family to me. I am so worried about her right now. She told me she has set on killing herself and not to tell anyone, and i saw the text from her ex (my friend) and he doesnt look like he wants anything to do with her right now. 

I dont have any power as a 15 year old, ive been showering her in love and ive been begging her not to go. ive been telling her there is bad in life but there is good, and thats whats worth living for. I told her i cant have her leave. She told me she knows its hard. She logs off chat for a long time and i get anxious but then she responds 15-20 minutes later. 

I dont know anyone to tell other then her ex boyfriend (who might know someone else to tell) and when i mentioned the breakup he got mad at her for making it public but not at me (since i havent done anything, he is pretty fed up with her, she has made a lot of mistakes) and told me not to worry too much (he doesnt know about her wanting to kill herself.)

I dont know what to do, but i know very much that when she says something like this that she will follow through. she is on study abroad in New Zealand and I dont know any contacts for that, but i want my friend to be safe. she told me not to tell anyone but i dont know if to tell or to not. i dont know what to do and i need help. please. someone please help me. I am freaking out. 