I’m not even sure what I’m trying to accomplish by postingMy parents hate me. My mom only hugged me 2 times and my dad only once in my whole life. Even then it was forced. The only time they touched me was to hit me. I did things to try to make them love me (good grades, clean room, tried to look nice so they would be proud of me) but that only made it worse. They would act like I was a show off or too proud of myself.  They loved my siblings though. Every night they would tuck them in and say good night. But they would pass my room up. I’d hold my breath every night waiting to see if they would come to me too. But they never did. They were never once proud of anything I did, and went out of their way to make sure I knew they thought I was extremely stupid and ugly. One year they forgot my birthday completely.  When I try to tell them about something I like, they shame me and call it stupid, or flat out ignore me. 

My husband does everything wrong on purpose to spite me, and in the hopes that I will just do it all myself.  He teases me all the time even though I’ve repeatedly asked him to stop. I work very hard to make our home comfortable and nice but he says he dislikes it all. If I clean a room he wrecks it soon after because he thinks nothing of my hard work.  I work very very hard to make nice meals and he just says they’re “meh”. If I try to make something nice for the house he says the same. If I give him a gift he looks disgusted, doesn’t say anything and I never see the gift again. Today he mocked my physical disability in front of my son and he made him laugh at me too. It was the most humiliating thing that’s ever happened to me. I have permanent complete loss of feeling in my face because of a brain tumor and he humiliated me because I had a crumb of food stuck to my face and didn’t know it. My son laughed at me like I was some kind of moron. 

I just want to die. I have nobody. I have nothing to live for. I just want the pain to stop. I don’t mean anything to anyone. I can’t think of a single reason to live. But for some reason I can’t end it yet because strangely I feel like I would regret it. Clearly that’s insane. How can I regret something if I’m dead. Maybe I’m just scared of dying. 
