The one person keeping me alive pushed me away at the worst time so that's coolannoying gay idiot writes a text wall! sorry folks!!!!!!

he's had a crush on me for several years. i've had a crush on him for longer, but it's faded in and out. we sort of tried dating. today he told me he feels smothered and overwhelmed despite his best efforts. i told him we'll take it slow. not dating anymore. now i don't know what we are. i don't think he even fucking likes me anymore. i know im overthinking it but the way he's not responding to anything makes me think ah, i've been clingy and annoying and he actually really doesn't like me the way i like him anymore. which is a shame because i fell in really really deep! i don't think i've loved someone like this in a really long time! or that could be the codependency talking, i don't know. 

better yet! i'm supposed to go fly to san diego to see him tomorrow. it's going to be fucking miserable and awkward. it was supposed to be for my 20th birthday. i miss him more than fucking anything. i visited him earlier this year and finally figured out what calm and happiness and HOME is supposed to feel like and now the rug got pulled out from under me. 

i shouldn't have put all my eggs in this fucking basket. i shouldn't have depended on him so much. he's not stable enough for that and neither am i. i feel like i'm getting very quickly replaced by whoever he can fill the void with. i miss him so fucking much. i litearlly just want to be his friend again but we need a cooldown period and we're not going to be able to get it.

i really wanted to be with him. he's home to me. the one thing that's keeping me working and talking and moving and motivated is the thought that someday i'll be able to move in with him and now i just. i don't know. i feel really lost. 

i don't want to go. i don't want to be twenty. or even if i do go i want to slit my wrists and walk into the ocean. at least it'll be prettier to die in san diego. but i can't even fucking do that. i cut myself earlier and couldn't even bring myself to bleed. i'm too pussy. 

there's hope in the fact that maybe while i'm there face to face we'll sort of make up or have fun as friends or something, i don't know. there's a chance we just need to take it slow. i'm not the sort of person who does slow very well but for him i would try a million times over. it hurts so fucking bad to not be able to talk like we used to. i have to do this alone like i always fucking do. and i can't do this alone anymore. i fucking can't do anymore. i'm a kid. i've gotten through so much of this shit without a clue in the world. i want to fucking die. or at least stop living. i don't want to do this anymore. i'm so fuckng tired. like, mind you i'm not just suicidal because a guy broke up with me or whatever, this is like the culminating event on top of 20 years of depression and codependency and undiagnosed illnesses and absolute horseshit and i'm not sure i can keep fighting it anymore. i really don't think i can.

on the bright side, i know that i have no other choice. i can't kill myself. i'm too afraid. but i don't know if i can keep fighting.