Where do i actually go from here?So this might require some explanation...

About a month and a half ago, i went through a very emotionally devastating breakup. Wont go into details but it hit me so badly one of my friends had to call the police. In short; I really wanted to kill myself, only a day after it. It was, so to say the final nail in the coffin for me, at the time i've already gone through more or less a year of recurring episodes of intense depression, lasting anywhere from a few hours to a week. It also doesn't help that my mental issues were actually the reason for the breakup.

Now, the good parts about it all is that 1. They did all the talking to my parents. 2. I ended up talking to a psychiatrist.

After a few weeks of evaluation he concluded that i dont show signs of any major mental disorders, in effect it means that its literally all in my head, and i have no real excuse for my poor mental state.

We do go through consultations once a week, but we wont for long since again... Nothing is really wrong with me. let alone the fact that its not free and my parents pay for it and... well it makes me feel bad.

It does actually seem to help a bit i guess.

&amp;#x200B;

Now the actual thing i want to ask here; Even though my life in general since then has gotten only better, last week i again experienced another episode. Lasted the entirety of the weekend. It made me realise how unstable my mental state actually is, i went from smiling and having a good day on friday, to being full on suicidal in saturday.

I know for a fact, that when im in that state i do stupid stuff, stuff i even justify at the time. 

Life might not be terrible, but something inside me still truly wants to end it.

Just what do i do... My next (and one of the last) consultations is in a few days.

&amp;#x200B;

I knew for a long time that if im going to die, it'll probably be suicide, but i really really dont want to do that to my family. I saw how terrified and shocked they were when the cops explained the deal to them and... You know.