Want to die, but don't have the guts to kill myself...I'm even weak in that regard.Not a throwaway. I don't care who sees this, because maybe they need to see the truth.

I am a worthless piece of shit, and I don't deserve to live. I'm lazy, I'm weak, I'm stupid, and I treat the people around me like shit. I treat my mother like shit, and I don't even know why. She told me this evening that I'm being emotionally abusive...and she's probably right. She's pushes my buttons, and she's the only one I treat that way, but that doesn't excuse it. I'm always angry, always snapping, I honestly just want to be left alone but I live with her and my father (I'm over eighteen). I am moving out soon, but that doesn't make a difference. The damage is done. I have proven to my parents what a horrible, worthless human being I am.

I don't know what to do anymore. I've tried pushing through things, just "being happy" but at the end of the day I don't feel. I have a hollowness inside of me that won't go away no matter what I do. I had an internship essentially doing my dream, and I still wasn't happy. There was a job offer there, and I might have gotten it had I applied, but I chose not to apply for it. My mother says that nothing is good enough for me, but honestly I've just given up that anything will make me happy. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.

I honestly don't think I have the guts to kill myself, so I'm probably just wasting all of your time as well. I'm a weak-willed individual who will probably just continue living my miserable life because I'm too cowardly to do anything else. But I keep thinking of "accidental" ways to do it...things that I can't go back on once I follow through. I've lost almost everything that meant anything to me, and I'm so sick of living without it. I'm sick of being so weak that everything in my life has to be near perfect before I'm even slightly happy. I'm sick of being so weak that I have to rely on other people. I can't for the life of me think of any redeeming qualities about myself.

I don't see why I should live. I don't see why I have the right to live. If someone were to strike me down right now, it would not be murder - it would be a service. Right now I am a leech on the world, and I'm not sure anything I do can ever redeem myself.