I Keep trying, but I always end up stuck againI guess I should preface this with the fact that I am not planning on  committing suicide.  I couldn't, I know that I would pretty much destroy my parents and sister and I cannot be responsible for ruining that many lives.  That being said, I think about it every day, how I just wish I could, allow myself this one bit of selfishness and get away from it all.  I have suffered from chronic depression since I was about 16 or 17. I get over it, I always do.  And when I am feeling better I am so excited, so glad I pushed through and so proud of myself and so grateful to be able to enjoy anything at all.  But I used to get better for months at a time, now if I am lucky its a few weeks. I have permanently screwed up my life.  When I was 18 I went to one of the top universities in the world due to my years of hard work.  I had to drop out because of depression which caused awful grades, just getting out of bed was more than I could handle most days.  Then I tried a local college. I had to drop out because of depression and bad grades.  I then worked at various jobs, finally finding one that made me happy and eventually deciding to go back to school.   I am worse than ever.  If I cant get through school because of this overwhelming attack on myself then I will never get  a good job.  And for someone like me finding a job that interests me (by good I really mean challenges me not pays well) is the only small highlight I can imagine.  I don't want to be like this for the rest of my life, but its the only result I can imagine I would so much rather end this now than be like this for another fifty years.  Yes I am young, 24, but that is what makes it SOO much worse, if I am like this now, what am I going to be like in another ten years?  My mother suffers from depression and is an alcoholic.  She isn't mean or abusive, just withdrawn, usually too drunk to do anything with.  But she has a husband who loves her more than the universe and two daughters who try extremely hard to help her.  From what I can tell her depression didn't really become a problem until her mid to late thirties.  Mine started so much younger and I don't want to end up like her, and of course I won't because I am depressed all of the time and eat all of the time which means that I won't even have  a family of my own one day to help out.  I am just so very tired.  I want nothing to with this life, I wasn't meant for it.  I am so tired of fighting through when there isn't a real point. Why can't it all just stop? I'm done, I wish I wasn't but I am.