Apparently being high functioning means you can't have mental health problemsMy therapist and my mom constantly downplay my mental health problems. I'm diagnosed with PTSD and I struggle with anxiety, depression, derealization, and drug dependency. I'm gay. I'm also lowkey gender dysphoric, but I'm not nearly brave enough to express that. Despite all that, I manage to get straight A's (I'm a high schooler) and I've built a good college resume so far.

They're convinced that since I'm on a 'good path' that my life will be great. "You're tall! You're handsome! You're gonna get into a great college! Why are you so worried?" I just want to note: this is not a humble brag. I don't feel handsome. I don't feel like I'm capable of being successful as a professional. I don't feel like I'm going to ever make meaningful friendships or relationships.

What I DO feel is that, in accordance with the last few years, my mental health is going to get worse as times goes on and I'll reach a point of not being able to take it. Why on Earth do they think that just because I'm high functioning in actuality that my mental health is in check? Do they know how many talented athletes and students kill themselves every year? I constantly feel myself closer to joining their ranks.

Yes, I do well in school. That's because my anxiety is so strong that if I am not achieving perfection in my grades, my body, and my relationships that I am a nervous wreck and I feel like shit. I'm constantly chasing perfection, hopelessly.

Yes, I have accomplished things. That's because I feel intense pressure to get into a good school so that I can hopefully have some stability, since I can SENSE how unstable my fucking head is.

Yes, I'm tall. Do I want to be 6'3"? Hell no. I want to be a woman. I want to feel feminine. I HATE my height. I hate having the body type of a football player, despite hating sports.

I just want to say to everyone here who may have experienced dissonance between the life they have created for themselves and how they feel inside. Please know that mental health is NOT the life you have created. It IS how you feel inside. 

Some could have a mansion, a superhero body, and a sexy husband and still be fucking miserable. Some could have a modest life and be very content. It's not a simple issue :(