I am an idiotI think I am such an idiot that I could very well be Darwin Awards nominee. 
Couple of years ago I arrived in Canada with the intention to study in university and get a degree,  but the new environment, homesickness, depression, cultural differences, “long desired freedom” and countless other reasons, that in hindsight are just smart sounding excuses, created changes in those plans. 

During the first year in uni I got into drugs, alcohol and parties. Nothing serious drugs and alcohol wise but by the end of the year it was certain that I am not gonna make it to a second year and would have to leave Canada and go back home. I didn’t want that. Like a complete idiot I simply said to my parents that everything is fine and I am still studying. 

For more than 2 years I kept saying this lie but in reality I lived in Canada without visa, without degree, without any desire to change things. I lived alone in rented apartment reading novels, watching films basically being unproductive, antisocial waste. I simply didn’t think of consequences and didn’t care how it all would end up. Even right now I  do not care much about what will happen to me but imagining my mom makes me feel immense guilt for the things I’ve done.

Less than a year ago I started translating novels from my native language into English just for fun and ended up earning a bit from it, so at last something started going on in my life. I started cleaning up my habits, until recently I was reminded that my passport will soon expire. 
So here I am not knowing what to do. To be honest my options are quite limited. Come clean and get deported. Create another convoluted and disgusting lie about how I got my passport renewed and live without a passport as an illegal immigrant. Go full Hollywood style and get a fake passport. I even seriously contemplated suicide as a solution. 

On one hand I truly don’t want face the consequences of my own actions. On the other hand something finally started to make sense in my life. I am sure that if I had a chance to go back in time all this wouldn’t have happened. I wouldn’t have to lie to my parents living life of a disgusting parasite and hurting them, living without direction and any desire. I regret last 5 years of my life.
If I go back to my hometown, I would probably face jail time. Draft dodging and all that.

To be honest writing everything down right now made me realize that I don’t want to go back home and face my parents. Any option right now seems whole lot more appealing than logical and right thing to do, even eating a bullet. I know its a cowards way out but...