This is an alt that no one knows about, so whatever. After writing this, I felt relieved. It was hard to save and close it, then go back to... well, this. I just want help.I have come to the realization that I am delusional to think that I am progressing my life in any positive way. I am blindly dedicated to working a shit dead-end job where I go unappreciated by practically everyone and am belittled by my district manager for what appears to be no reason aside from him thinking I am a smart ass; which I am, so good on him for noticing. 
I have papers that say I am educated, yet they mean nothing, as I have not made an effort to move to a relevant career thanks to my loyalty to the aforementioned shit job. 
I continue to actively pursue and fumble over myself for a woman who has made it clear she is not interested, and at this point I am frankly surprised she still talks to me at all, let alone acknowledges I exist. 

My free time consists entirely of jacking off, getting shitfaced, listening to the same songs over and over again while telling myself I’m happy, wrenching on my Jeep (which I constantly convince myself is not falling apart), binge watching Netflix, and fucking Reddit. 

The little money I do make goes primarily to “fixing” my Jeep, and my medication to sustain my life (which is looking like a waste of money to be honest).

I have all but completely socially isolated myself from my family members, which is the only impressive thing I have done, considering I still live with them all rent-free at the age of 23. If I ever manage to move out, that will complete my isolation from my family, but that seems like cheating. All in all, as annoying as his lectures may be, my dad is doing the right thing for me, as he is the only person who encourages me to leave his house and make a life for myself. My mom keeps telling me “you can stay as long as you want, blah blah blah” and I always take it to heart, but honestly, if I don’t leave, I may kill myself; which brings me to my next point.

If you are reading this, you are either snooping around in files you should not be, or you’ve found my corpse and saw that I left this file open on one of my screens. If it is the former, shame on you. If it is the latter… well… this is awkward.

First off, let’s get this out of the way: yes, that is me, and yes it is over. I have not been happy for some time. Sure, I smiled and laughed, but really, happiness is not smiling and laughing. Happiness is getting up in the morning and not asking “how long until it’s over?” Every day I asked myself this, and it looks like today I decided to answer it myself.

Next, let’s clear up the terms of my death. Don’t say any of that “he’s in a better place now” or “it’s what he would have wanted” bullshit. I am not in a better place, I am dead. And how would you know what I would have wanted? I didn’t even know what I wanted and I was me. Do not bury me, burn my body. And don’t keep my ashes in a jar like some creep. Let go. Just burn my body and dispose of my remains.

As for my belongings, give everything I own to Johnathan and let him do as he sees fit with all of it. This means letting him decide on ALL OF IT. No telling him what any of you think is best and trying to sway him into doing what you want him to do. This includes MY Jeep, Mom. I know it’s in your name, but that was my Jeep. It’s Johnathan’s now, and I’d like him to decide on what to do with it (though I suggest giving it to dad, partially to spite him and how much he always hated my Jeep, and partially because I know he’ll be able to take care of it). My reasoning behind this is because Johnathan is the most modest, selfless, and sentimental person I know. I know he will do right by me (still no “what he would have wanted” bullshit though). Also, Johnathan… You’re a faggot.

So let’s see, reason I ended it, last wishes, and what to do with my stuff. It sure seems like I covered all the bases. Oh, and please inform my work of my demise. I don’t want a no-call-no-show on my record now do I?

Anyways, life sucked, glad it’s over, hope you all have more fun than I did.
