I feel lost and like there's no way out.A little bit of background, I'm a 23 year old male. Up until a month or so ago, I never had any thoughts of suicide or even showed signs of depression. I was happy. 

My girlfriend of four years and I broke up. She spent the past few months lying to me about various things and spent the past two weeks telling me how much of a worthless piece of shit I am. She told me that I'll never be good enough for anyone. On top of this, I am/was a law student in my first year. Well, all of this happened during finals. For those that don't know, law school courses are based on one final exam. That is your only grade. I bombed. If you had below a 1.8 gpa, you got kicked out. I had a 1.83. I don't know if I'm going to return for the next semester. I was going through a rough time also because my dad had a major heart attack a few weeks ago. Everything piled up. I had a breakdown and the only person that was there for me was my girlfriend's mom. She's been the blessing in all of this because she's talked me through so much. My girlfriend on the other hand told me that she felt like the guy in the relationship because she was having to comfort me. I didn't mention this earlier, but she's also a law student in the same year and at the same school. After four years, she broke up with me over an email. We live together, but she left to send the email. She told me not to talk to her when I see her or to respond to the email. That single thing I think has pushed me to the edge. I want to end the lease at our place but the only way to do it is to have both tenants sign. She refuses. I'm trapped in a place that I can't get out of. I have no friends, my family isn't supportive, and nobody to turn to in general. I'm not sure if I would do anything to hurt myself, but I've definitely been having plenty of thoughts about it. I told my girlfriend a couple weeks ago that I was having these thoughts and her response was "why would you be so selfish to me? That just proves you don't care about me and don't love me like you say you do". She didn't try to comfort me or tell me everything was going to be alright. I'm beat.