Hello this subI'm a fourteen year old girl, forced to be home schooled through agoraphobia, and my family are more annoying roommates than parents. I am working on my own online classes, taking care of myself and exercising, and trying to do more chores (not like they even expect me to). I hope Habitica will be good for this. I also am working on the Panic Center's program (probably a "scam" - but it's free and I'm not allowed to go to therapy). Seems too hopeful for this sub? Can I have a young accountability partner, someone who's patient enough to understand that I can go from planning my entire life purpose and dreams for the next 5 years then suddenly want to die right then and there? No...? I always ignore or delete people too. I'm too shy and my mom letting me quit school only made that worse really. I hope I can be a "good" home schooler though so normal kids don't get bullied because of me. My step dad should go to school soon and hopefully get a good job (pay for more books, classes, groups, field trips...public school is still hell but home needs work and it isn't going to fix everything I've learned). My ldr is 13, almost 14, and I get in fights with him almost daily on my own insecurity and I hate myself for taking that out on him. It doesn't help he reminds me of my cocsa  (not his fault, just long dark haired shy but funny teens ya know? They don't all want to rape me, huh?)... I really don't think he will come back this time and my temper has gotten so bad and I'm so used to it its bordering on apathy. I hate myself for that. Anyway... I want a support system. Fucking bad. I know saying you'll kill yourself without someone is manipulative but honestly? I've been alone for too long and my sarcastic apathetic mother and step dad ARE NOT a decent, trustworthy support system. And far from helping me gain one via therapy and whatever else. I need friends. I need good friends. I...can't be alone anymore. I'm shy and an introvert, it's who I am. But literally... no one?... no one can do this. Where do I start? How do I not push people away? Is it too late to have hope anymore on any meaningful lasting friendship? I never got that..."leave anyone who wants to kill themselves without you, they're a sociopath"...maybe I am...and maybe he's all I had... any hope at all. . . 

This is going to look beautiful in my Internet records haha, I know incognito but I don't give a shit