We can land a far ways off from where we started.There was a time when I wasn't really okay with things. Nothing. There were no things that could make me smile or bring an emotional response from me.

"No one is ever going to love you, your own parents didn't even want you."

"You're an anti-social bitch."

"Everything you do is shit."

I had faced probably a thousand remarks from my own flesh and blood. Felt empty as I slid into the driver's seat of my car, slamming the door shut and punching the steering wheel.  107 lbs and losing. Being told to stop eating the food if I wasn't contributing when my cousins and sister could eat freely all because I reminded my Aunt of my mother. I was too strong willed. I didn't stop fighting back against the very family that had gouged out the possibility of custody of myself and my siblings for my mother. I was angry on the outside, raging on the inside. Incredibly gorgeous and only valued for my face, I was to keep my mouth shut at social events; I was to be perfect, makeup done, hair in place.

My bedroom was the only sanctuary I had. The doorknob had to be jiggled a little and held in a specific way to make the lock stick; only then could I lower myself to the expensive carpet and try to will my heart to stop. You see, since I was a child I had endured so much heartache caused by family feuding, the violence and abuse. There were times the pain in my chest hurt so much it took my breath away, it was trying to quit for me.

The carpet was soft on the side of my face as I completely broke down that day, I don't even remember exactly what happened. But my Aunt had said something that tore down the shred of stonewall I had built inside myself that week. I wished for my mother. I had never felt such *anguish*, I had *always* guarded myself so well but it had filled my cup over finally. Days spent at home I would lie in bed and stare at the wall. My cat would check on me. I tried to not exist so no one would come to my bedroom door, but they never came anyway. If I showed my face in the kitchen while everyone sat at the breakfast counter watching television, more comments would be voiced. So I wouldn't leave my room, I couldn't be bothered. They didn't invite me to go out on the lake or join them in the Jacuzzi during BBQs, it was made well known I wasn't welcome to mingle with their friends. 

It wasn't until I had pulled the bottle of sleeping pills out of my bag, trying to hurry so I could get to work, that I realized I had a little problem. They didn't make me sleepy anymore, they just took the edge off. I shook the bottle and a single pill fell out. *That's strange*, I thought, *I just bought this*. It was a 100 capsule bottle. Then it dawned on me, I had become addicted. I put the pill back in the bottle and put the bottle away, I wasn't going to play into my family's history of addictions. I had withdrawals and got past them.

The day I left, everyone else had gone to church (very fake, seemingly together Mormon family) and I stayed behind. I watched them pull out of the driveway, my heart was pounding as I then rushed, packing my things. Shoving my clothes into trash bags, grabbing my pillows and racing down the stairs and outside. I crammed them into my little '92 Mazda. I grabbed my cat, my old stripey cat with her smoker's meow. It took multiple trips and I went as fast as I could to get everything of mine out of that woman's house. I drove back and forth, wishing I had the money and help to do it all at once. But I only had me and that would have to do.

The last trip. The very last trip and the last things to put into my car, the dark green Suburban pulled into the driveway. I kept my eyes down, adjusting the things in my car. 

  "What are you doing?" My Aunt asked, she was in a good mood for some reason.

  "I'm leaving," I said, not able to bring my eyes to hers, "I'm getting out of your way."

  "You don't have to leave," She said, it was her feathery tone. Her fake one. I looked up at her and I knew she was elated with my departure, "you're welcome to come back any time." But that wasn't true. She pulled me against her for a hug as the rest of the family watched. I gave little effort in return.

I got into my car and left. I left to go live in a house with two guys, I would have my own room. The house wasn't fancy and there were stains on the carpet. There was one futon used for a sofa in the living room. I had a job. I had my car. I had my computer. I had my cat. That is what mattered to me. Pulling myself up, staying above the surface. Though my mentality was jaded at the time and I suffered from a superiority complex I no longer wanted to kill myself.

I think it was my mother that had saved me when I was just a small child. She'd lost custody of me because my father had paid out the ass for a crooked lawyer that knew how to make things disappear. Standing in the lobby of the courthouse with defeat in her shoulders, we looked at each other. She knelt down in front of me, a small 5 year old girl and she knew the battle I was about to go into. She knew what was going to happen to me and she said, "Listen here, you are your own person. Don't you ever forget that. Say it back to me."

  "I am my own person," I said and she nodded. And I didn't forget. Somehow that instilled in me the will to fight through the abuse. The sexual abuse, the verbal abuse, the physical, mental and emotional abuse. I got angry and I became my mother's daughter.

Eight years later and I have worked hard for my life. I found someone again I knew from a long time ago and we got married. I reconnected with my mom shortly after finding out I was pregnant with our first child. Three incredibly crazy, messy children later and I have a home. It's not massive or fancy, but it's mine. And I am my own person.