Think I'm gonna do it this weekend.This may be a lot to post but whatever. 

I'm sick of this tired/sad feeling I have all the time. I've been through so much and I'm only 19. I really wish I could jump out of my skin most of the time. Last time I was happy was with my ex. She had BPD and fucked me up good. She faked everything. Her personality wasn't even real.She left three months ago the day of our anniversary and slept with this guy that I hated the day of. I was doing fine till this week. I leave for college August 20th but I don't have my license yet. I haven't practiced at all. I can go for the license at any time but I don't even know. I have my permit. Sorry I'm kind of drunk and I took a Xanax an hour ago. I just want to be dead. I have this painful ache in my heart and it hasn't gone away. I checked her Facebook for the first time in months and she's a whole different person. I miss her. I really miss who she used to be and the fact that my soulmate wasn't even real makes it a thousand times worse. I barely have a family and I have one friend who's a girl that wants to sleep with me. I just want to be gone so I can finally be at peace you know? I'm not a bad looking guy or anything. I just hate myself. I really want to be out of this world. It's cold. It's shitty. It's scary. It's depressing. I wake up instantly wishing I could finally be gone. And now I think I have the guts to do it.  I'm probably gonna take a good bit of Xanax to kill off any nerves and take some ketamine to put myself out of it enough so that I don't get wcared to hang myself. The Xanax should kill the nerves and the ketamine should take away the pain and fear. My dad did it when he was drunk but I'm still self aware drunk so I don't know. I might call or text my ex before I do it. Make sure she knows how bad she hurt me. I don't care who gets hurt over my death at this point. Everyone dies anyways. I'm gonna use this week to relax and write my notes and get everything ready then on Friday or Saturday night I'm gonna go for it. I need to be successful because I don't think my college will still take me if I'm 302'd. 
