Suicide prevention lifeline was uselessI called the suicide prevention lifeline tonight.  It was my darkest hour, and I was told pretty point blank that there's nothing they can do but listen to me, but not help me...or even point me in any directions.  Just be a human on the other end of a phone line, nodding and faking interest in what I had to say like a bored college student listening to a teacher.  

I didn't call for a desperate need for someone to listen to me.  I called because I'm sick of living this way, and was desperate for something....anything...to help me find a way out, other than the ultimate way out.  and got nothing.  In a depressed life that resulted in me actually calling the suicide prevention hotline in my most desperate hour... I experienced one of the most depressing moments in the entire process.  I cried to myself for a full hour afterwards.  I've looked for help.  psychiatrists weren't any because they were booked months in advance and could only see me every month to six weeks, not when i needed them.  Group therapy couldn't help, because my insurance didn't cover it and all these "caring" groups wouldn't let me in unless someone was paying for it.  All the websites had no help, but plenty of places asking for donations and money.  

This world sucks.  Every day I think it's a more selfish act of everyone who would be "hurt" by my being gone to ask me to continue living in misery, hating every second of my life and crying myself to sleep, praying i get hit by a bus...or thinking "how bad would it really be if i drove into that canyon" when driving by one.  I know my family would be sad, but I can guarantee i live every day of my life a lot sadder now then they ever would be.  Would i really be that selfish?  Aren't they being mroe selfish in saying I should keep going just so they don't have to be inconvenienced?  Especially when there really is no real help out there, just more capitalistic organizations looking for money and providing the minimal amount of help necessary to keep asking for donations?  

SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE!!!

