just started cutting myself, now i can't stop, please read and help me...i dont know what to do, i almost just want to talk to someone but all i want to do is be alone and cry

bit of backstory; a year back my sister was in the exact same situation as me, in 2nd year of uni, having money issues (by that i mean having no money and lots of debts) and i assume mental issues too. she tried to kill herself, i came home one day and saw shed taken a whole pack of co codamol, or whatever it was...doesnt matter, i had to stay with her while i saw her dying and rode the ambulance with her in a state of complete shock, she made it through and i stayed and her bedside all night. i still get nightmares about the situation to this day...
my mum was also diagnosed with a form of ocular cancer which hit me so hard and still does to this day.

so coming to myself, ive always had issues with depression, but never thought theyd mount to more than just constantly feeling down and whenever anyone says even something slightly mean or anything about me for that matter i cant take it and break down, pretty much ruined all of my friendships and relationships to this day by doing it. recently ive lost a lot of money through making very bad decisions that haunt me every moment of my life.

i almost feel like im going down the same road as my sister, she was diagnosed with either bipolar or borderline personality disorder, i dont really know to be honest. recently i broke up with my girlfriend of over a year and a half because of my destructive hyper sensitive habits, ive been seeing a girl that im absolutely infatuated with but now it looks like she doesnt want to know me anymore and that pretty much put me over the edge. 

i went straight back home and scratched the skin off my back, my arms and legs till there was a lot of blood...i just feel like a complete failure in everything, i dont go to lectures when i should and i lay in bed all day crying or being upset about pretty much everything going on in my life, i know my life isnt as bad as others obviously but i just cant help thinking i want to die. pretty much from me just failing my life....today ive simply been sitting around looking at the cuts on my arms legs and back and took some scissors to them to make them worse, i almost feel like i cant stop....just please, i have no one else to talk to, can someone help?

i cant sleep nowdays without being high or drunk, i have my bong next to my bed to give me relief from what feels like constant emotional torture....the sad thing is that pretty much all my housemates would never be the wiser about my sadness, i act really eccentric around them, and am almost the comedian of the house if its not too douchey to say so

i dont think i can stop cutting myself, ive done it at least 6 times today all over my left arm, and i just fear its going to get worse if someone doesnt help me