The loneliness is too much to bear and there's nothing I can do to hold this weight anymoreI can probably list every platitude I'm gonna get from this post, but here goes anyway. I've been in love a few times. It's an amazing feeling, I was engaged once, a long time ago. It's a feeling I feel so addicted to. I need it, I want it so fucking bad. Being alone is a daily torture, a daily struggle to get out of bed because I'm so fucking alone and so fucking depressed that I wish I was dead. If I died and went to hell it would be an improvement over this shitshow.

I need to love someone, I need to be loved.

"Oh, but aloneanddestroyed you need to love yourself before you can be loved and blah blah blah" Yeah, I DID love myself when I was engaged. I felt like a whole human being, I'm capable, but it's hard when every day I have to deal with constant reminders that I'm alone and nobody loves me.

Now you must be thinking "Well why don't you go out and meet people?" because I have the social skills of a rock and the few times I HAVE met women they thought I was the most boring guy on earth. Or they just thought I was fat and ugly. (No, seriously, I've been told this multiple times.). Plus I'm broke, and am incapable of driving due to severe ADD, I'd crash my car in no time cause I get distracted way too easily.

So no car, no money, no job. Nothing of value. I mean hey, I can give moral support and love you and be there for you and all that shit but WHO THE FUCK WANTS THAT, RIGHT?!?

And now I sound like an /r/niceguys post, brilliant, more reason to wanna off myself.

"Get a job?" Would LOVE to, but since I got blacklisted from wal-mart I have exactly three options in this town: Work for McDonald's for 8 hours a week at $8.50/hr, work for Burger King for 10 hours a week at $8.50/hr OR work for Taco Bell for 11 hours a week at $8.50/hr. (No, I am not exaggerating. I applied for these positions, I asked about wages and hours, this is what I got. And yes I have looked at other positions, they all want skills I don't have.)

I hate my stupid fucking life. I hate being alone. I've been trying to get better but it ain't fucking happening. I want out of this miserable city but it will never happen and I want to fucking die.