does anyone else feel like thisi hate societys attitude toward mental health. everyone thinks they have it. people think its common and "qUiRKy". people JOKE about it. im not offended easily but this fucking pisses me off. stop joking about suicide. everyones like "ugh i wanna kill myself" when they encounter a less than ideal situation. shut the fuck up. these people dont know what its like. i feel like even if i kill myself im gonna be seen as weak because "eVerYOne HaS DDepPResSIon". im so sick of this bullshit. stop glorifying mental health issues. stop cheapening our suffering. a big reason of why i would be killing myself is because of all the shitheads at school. i just want them to have to live with what they did. it sounds mean but i dont care. i dont want anyone to think that this is their fault except for the people who probably know who they are. and i feel like its just gonna be dismissed and no ones gonna think anything of it. it just makes me so mad and i saw this article and it said 41 PERCENT of people *think* they have depression. 41 FUCKING PERCENT. THAT IS INSANE. people are self diagnosing and making people who actually have mental health issues feel like their feelings are invalid. how bout you go to a mental health hospital and take medications that dont do anything anymore and fill with melancholy and not be able to cry but the melancholy doesnt make any of the feelings go away it just steals your will to live and have to use every ounce of your energy to keep it together every single day and listen to your bullshit all the fucking time and then tell me you have depression. fuck off. im gonna killl myself and i hope all the shitheads at school realize that its their fault and live with it the rest of their lives  and i hope my name sounds eerie when im gone and i hope that theres  an ominous feeling in  your mind when you think of me and how nice i was to people who didnt deserve it and how you never wouldve guessed. this sounds mean but i want the people who did this to me to have it done back to them. if all i can get out of this is escape and a little bit of retaliation then ill take it. im sick of being fucking bullied and talked about and made fun of and mocked and judged and side eyed andlooked down upon and ignored and avoided and hated and dismissed. i hope this doesnt make me a bad person. i jsut go out of my way to be nice to these people. i hope this is what everyone wanted. i hope they realize that they didnt, do not and will never know shit. they will never know shit.  have a nice day to everyone except the shitheads at my school. thank god im anon.