I think this is goodbyeHey all,

I’m not sure if this appropriate or not, I honestly don’t know how reddit works. I just wanted to pass on a brief goodbye to anyone who may read this in the hopes they get help before it’s too late.

In short, I will be taking my life tomorrow. Without providing too much info the plan is as follows. I will enter the emergency room of the nearest hospital to me and lock myself in the bathroom. I have already done a little recon on this particular bathroom in order to plan ahead. The bathroom includes an emergency pull cord which activates if you tie on the co d to any part of your body and you pull the cord hard enough to trip the circuit. Apperantley nurses attach this to patients who may pass out in the bathroom in order to be alerted right away. I guess the ER bathroom has this feature as it made more sense to equip all bathrooms in the hospital with this feature instead of a select few. 

So; I’m going to tie this off on my right upper arm and down about 40 Ativan, 36 cyclobenzaprin and about 20 nortriptyline. I managed to hord this inventory of pills throughout the year by getting re-fills from my family doctor. I will be standing until this knocks me out and I fall over activating the emergency signal in the bathroom. The reason I’m going it there is so someone with some true hardened grit for a soul finds me instead of a family member. The last thing I want is to harm anyone else with my selfish last act cowardnrss. If a nurse/emt tech/doctor finds me deceased in the bathroom I hope their training will make the impact my minuscule. 

Anyways, the main theme and takeaway from this post is to get some dam help before you get to this point. I received the same advice as I’m ex military and sat through al these briefings when I cycled out after service overseas. 

I ignored this and thought I was ok for a while. I completed business school with no issues and made my way into law school. When I started my first year there things started to go south. I developed a pretty bad anxiety/depression disorder which I tried to self medicate with lots of alcohol (as a write this I am very intoixtaed). This issue snowballed to the point of me graduating at the bottom third of my class with a dead end job and a wife is who is understandably disappointed at where we are financially in our 30’s. 

I have already arranged all of my affairs to be in order when I pass. All of my student debt dies with me and my life insurance will pay out on my policy which includes a provision for suicide (which as a veteran I have access to). Therefore everyone in my family will be better of without me around. 

I guess I’m just posting this so anyone who may read it will sort out their mental issues before it develops into this irreparable situation I life which I nowas find myself in. If your hurting GET HELP. I didn’t and now it’s too late. Everyone who has read this far, take a minute out of this day to think about anyone who cares for you. May that guide you further than I have made it. I’m clocking out at 30 years old all because my pride got the best of me and I didn’t want to ask for help. Please PLEASE talk to someone if you feel like you are devoloping some serious mental health issues which may harm you. 

I will see you all on the other side of the rainbow bridge. Take care of one another and go forward into the future with more bravery than I could muster. 

Take care,

Scott