Carta/Brev/NoteI am going to commit suicide on Friday. 
I shouldn’t be alive, my mind becomes stranger and stranger and I’m afraid of what I can become. What I already am is awful enough, but it can get worse. So I’m breaking the cycle. I don’t have control of myself anymore, and I haven’t had that in almost a year and a half. I have often wondered about destiny and religion, the meaning of things and why we’re here, morals and the nature of humans, what’s good and what’s evil... 
It might be because I grew up as a christian, i don’t know. But it’s still stuck with me, I can’t let that go. 
I think I understand evil now, the human form of evil.
About why it happens, what steps get you there. 
And how certain choices leave you without any hope left. Is it psychology only? Is this just one more of my delusions? Maybe, or so the general logic consensus is.  But I’m not so sure about that. 
They say the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing he doesn’t exist.
I stopped believing in God four years ago. 
God and the Devil are polar opposites. 
This makes me sound like i’m deranged but I need to keep this as honest as possible, if I tell it all how I saw it, maybe there is something positive out of it.
I have also learned 3 things I wished I applied way before in my life, and that is always telling the truth of those things you are certain to be true, always work hard with your individual situation, and act out of love, and not fear.
I have been afraid for a long time, anxious about everything and everyone. If I saw the slightest sign somebody wasn’t 100% okay with me, I’d get uncomfortable. In some ways I am a narcissist. I have big trouble seeing what others feel or listening to them fully. Although I usually understand what they meant and felt afterwards, when i’m alone and thinking of something else. And that is one more contradictive thing in my way of being that I don’t know how to accept. It’s like I’m broken as factory default. 
Because of not knowing exactly how others feel and not listening, as a kid I quickly learnt how to be liked and get things I wanted. Using face expressions, being funny, or being charming. Life blessed me with being attractive, and I used that too. 
I need to defend myself here and say also that I’m not cold, I don’t feel “emptiness”. Even though I have always been self absorbed I’ve felt too much aswell. It’s a contradiction. I love my parents, I love my family, I love those friends I made along the way. 
But I could switch too. I could hate my parents, my family and my friends. 
That extreme thinking has also disturbed me aswell, when I started understanding and being self aware of it. Sometimes I wish I hadn’t started caring about my life and actions, that I refused to go to therapy and open up. Maybe then I could have just continued the flow of life without ever looking back and just being part of the machine. 
But I have never been like this. I grew up basing my life around guilt, felt guilty about my parents separating. About my mom’s mental struggles, about me not being perfect. 
And why the guilt? 
Well, one of the reasons, is because I like men. I’m bisexual, (and a male). 
But then goes my christian beliefs as a kid. Another contradiction. So I put all that away. I don’t know what happened as a kid, but I know there is some trauma there. Because I don’t remember things, I have blocked periods of my life. Someone abused me physically and mentally, but I don’t know who it was. I don’t want to know either, and it doesn’t matter.
This would explain a lot of things. As my mental amnesia I’d have later on. My rage bursts.
I liked dudes. And I couldn’t share that, or live it. My maternal family is deeply religious and homophobic. And if they ever see this it’s alright I love you. Because you loved me. Hating them doesn’t solve anything. We become what we are exposed to. And they grew up being told gay people are not normal. And as I said before. My family did love me. They cared, they helped me many times over the years. All of you. 
My paternal family wasn’t near me all the time. They also loved me with all their heart. My parents separated and I stayed with my mom. My dad traveled back to his country. Which was far from where I was. He did all he could for me to not be affected by this.  And he flew over to see me, and put money every year so I could fly and see him. He had a telephone line to be able to speak with me.
Even though he was in another continent I felt his presence. And he has always been there. They both have, my mom and my dad loved and supported me inconditionally. And that’s all there needs to be. I’m so sorry for leaving you heartbroken now. I’m sorry all the love you gave me didn’t turn out the way you wanted to. I love you both and I never stopped doing that even though I became this lying, deceitful, lazy and addicted person. 
My addictions changed over the years but they were always about feeling safe, and seeking love.
I abused fastfood, alcohol, cigarrettes and medicine to feel protected.
I abused sex and all its forms to “cure” my emotional problems. Here is where it gets awful, degenerate, and the root of my serious mental struggles.
I repressed my homosexuality. As a teenager, I started having wet dreams about my classmates, and I even loved one of my friends back then. But I couldn’t.
How could I be gay? I need to make myself like only girls. So I blocked myself completely. This was 2009/10. The bullying became worse. I isolated myself from the world. And my parasitic behaviour began. I died inside because I didn’t want to live with my sexual orientation. So i stopped talking, I ate, watched tv and masturbated compulsively. And dealt with my “gayness” alone. I grew up without siblings. And my mom knew something was really wrong with me but didn’t know how to help.
I called my dad one day. Told him I was feeling awful and I wanted a new change in my life. So my parents talked about it and 2011 I flew over to my dad. I was so excited. Finally I would live with him. And get to know him beyond vacations. First weeks were great, we both were so happy about living together. I remember the first weekend we both took two bikes and just cycled around the whole neighbourhood. 
But then came a new dream. And I masturbated thinking of dudes again. Thinking back to this period I understood that I actually moved to my dad not only to live a new start, but also to be able to open up about this. Dad’s country is liberal, my mom’s not that much. This was a golden opportunity to finally open up. But I didn’t I continued to repress myself. Time went on and I went back to my same depressed, non social shell living with my dad. It was the first time I really felt suicidal. Seeing my dad desperate to help me, and me feeling like I couldn’t do anything, because fuck no I wouldn’t let myself be gay. I actually told him one day, that I thought I was gay. His immediate reaction was that he loved me no matter what. But the next day I forgot all about it. It was a lifelong habit of repressing myself. I just told him I was confused, and not being myself. 
This 6 month period before I returned to my mom shut down a light in me. I didnt take the chance to come out, and me and my dad couldn’t do the best out of something we had been wishing both since I existed.
When I got back to my mom, I promised myself I’d block everything gay related, and began a mantra. 
You like girls. You like girls. You like girls. they will come.  And as soon as gay thoughts appeared, I violently blocked them. 
Some months later back in school and by the end of that year I became in love. 
I met a girl in my parallel class. And we just fit right in.
She gave me so much and developed me, I was endlessly in love with her. We lost our virginity together and I knew I liked this, so I thought, could it be I was over my gayness? It gave me a peace, that wasn’t actually peace, but only foolishness. 
For two years, 2012 through 2014 I didn’t think of dudes sexually, or at least consciously. I remember having nightmares, cracked dreams where I’d see myself in gay situations. One of this dreams sparked a deep depression that ended with a suicide attempt at the beginning of 2014. That year I was back with my dad.He decided I should live with him, and blamed my mom for everything. Everyone did, her family too. And I never even tried to defend her. I let her take all the blame. My suicide affected everyone around me in so many ways. 2012 through 2014 was the best time of my life. I was in love, I had left my gay issues behind, I was liked, I felt powerful and surrounded by people that liked me. 
But the truth is always pinching around the corner.
So after a year in 2014, I had started school and lived with my dad l, trying to deal with what I did, being far from my my mom, my ex, my friends and the life I has built there. Felt like a complete failure. Somebody that hated himself so much he had to fuck it up with something to be back at feeling bad.
I started questioning many things, my isolation came back big time. 
At the end of that year I flew back to my Mom. And I was so anxious, my friends where graduating, my ex was with somebody else. Only thing I rly wanted was to see my mom. She was so happy to see me after a year. I remember her greeting me with a pizza, and with many plans for us to do. I’m so fucking sorry that I became resentful to you mom, you loved me like nobody else did, and my dad too. Always doing the best they could. 
But in this flight, I had to go through another country first. And waiting for the next plane from nowhere I just thought I had to check if I still liked dudes. Two years after I consciously made myself go through and face it. So like a weirdo I just went to the bathroom, and put on shirtless guys on google in my phone. I got aroused. I started panicking. It all came crashing down. I searched gay porn. I got aroused even more. I was lost, cracked again.
This is when another light shut down. This is when I lost touch with myself, and my relationship with sexuality. I arrived to mom’s country. And could keep appearances momentarily, until I shut down. I isolated even worse. I abused fast food, my mom didn’t know what to do. And worst of all, I lost control over porn. I started watching all day, all the time. 
All types of porn. Bisexual, gay, and all those other branches of fetishes you could find legally in pornsites. I started fantasizing about whatever I could. After a month my dad took a flight and picked me up, and we went back, more broken than ever. 
And I left my mom alone and even more broken.
I isolated myself further for 4,5 months.
Dissociated, ate and became fat. Masturbated and watched porn. All the time.
This is not excusable. I am not looking to be accepted. 
In some strange way I just want to be understood.
I know. I took the wrong choices. I should have been healthy about my sexuality when I was a teenager. And worked hard to love myself then.
This went on. I had small periods of lucidity, but fell into my craziness after some time. The ghost of my addiction and “shutting down” always came back at me. 
It developed further. I worked for a while, so I started with cam sex. I bought sex with prostitutes. Always girls.
I got myself in deep debt with cam sex.
Eventually I told my dad everything.
It broke him.
2017 was a year where I got myself out, and actually developed and learned to love myself for a while.
I moved to study in another city, my dad was a bit calmer and at least a little proud. My mom came to visit and she saw for the first time in years I was happy.
But the ghosts always return, and get you if you are fragile. 2018 was the year where I ended up wasting all my money again on escorts and getting myself in deep economic shit. The peak of it was spending a thousand dollars in just one night with a prostitute.
It was that bad. 
I lost it once again, only now I didn’t shut down.
I reacted outwards. And treated people horribly.
I got to the point where I thought I might become the unthinkable things you could imagine.
I am 23 years old.
And I haven’t crossed that line yet. But my past and my past actions tell me I will end there.
This is not love, this is fear. But I am telling my truth at least.
So I will break the cycle.