I'm having a really hard time convincing myself to keep going.I'll try to keep this brief. About 10 years ago I decided to try and turn my life around. I went back to school and moved to another state to return to school. While there I lost 100 lbs, decided to pursue a professional degree (i.e. like an MD), made some wonderful friends and had a couple of very meaningful relationships.


Fast-forward to the end of my time there and I had been accepted into the top schools in the country and was just finishing up my studies. I decided to end my relationship of ~4 years with a girl for both good and bad reasons, but ultimately I've come to regret that decision. Without going into details I have a hard time forming connections with others so being able to get that close with someone is something very special. I decided to go to the school closest to my home because I was feeling homesick at the time due to being away for nearly 7 years. 


When I arrived I was lonely and a little out of shape, but excited to start school. Things were going well until midway through the first year a classmate of mine nearly attempted suicide himself (he had brought a gun into his dorm and was going to shoot himself). I convinced him no to do it and went with him to the counselor the next day. For whatever reason this had a profound impact on me and sent me into a depression. I started seeing a therapist myself and hired a private trainer at the school gym to try and get myself back in shape and address my feelings.


Things were going OK for the most part going into the second year of my schooling. I was very lonely and somewhat disappointed with my choice in school, but otherwise I was looking forward to the future because I was cultivating some interesting hobbies (I was enjoying working out, rock climbing, guitar, drawing and kayaking). During the Christmas break of that year I fell and injured both of my wrists snowboarding for the first time. I didn't think much of it at the time, but after a month they still hurt and felt unstable. I got diagnosed with a torn ligament in my wrist and a couple other complications. I was unable to workout like I normally would due to this injury. I refocused on school and spent my time there. I also got a highly coveted internship at a local hospital. When I wasn't focused on my studies my mind dwelled on my wrist. I decided to try and rehab my knee (I had slightly injured it the summer before I started professional school) but I ended up injuring my wrist further doing an exercise the PT had me do. Frustrated, I gave up trying to rehab my knee.

At the start of the third year in pharmacy school I had worked during the summer and also done research on the side. My health had deteriorated due to not working out and some stress eating. The school I chose proved to be a massive disappointment with a disconnected administration, filler classes and a seemingly glaring neglect of fundamental concepts. I slogged through the year, my health concerns continuing to to weigh heavily on me; my TMJ became particularly worse and I injured my other wrist. I decided in December to leave my internship which was upsetting me and to try pilates as an alternative workout. Now I've found that due to a defect in my hip I have torn cartilage there as well (in addition to knee and ankle problems). The surgical outcomes for my hip seem more optimistic than my wrist, but I'm scared of surgery because of past experiences and I'm losing a lot of faith in modern medicine. I've tried pursuing relationships during school, but as I said earlier I have trouble with trust and I also feel myself pulling back because my health concerns might limit me. It also depresses me that the person I end up with will see me as this broken thing, and not the driven, hard working, capable person I was and was trying hard to improve.

In addition to my health problems I am having difficulty finding more interests to pursue. Writing/drawing hurts my wrist, as does playing guitar. I had wanted to hike and backpack more, maybe even run, but my hip is making that unlikely. I also developed a condition known as slipping rib syndrome which makes certain actions very painful/difficult. I feel like I tried so hard to change who I was 10 years ago and that it's all going to be for nothing. I cultivated new interests that I can't do, I'm stuck at a school I hate taking on debt for something I've lost the passion in, and I am having difficulty romantically because I feel like I can't form a relationship with someone that I'd want to because I don't think my health will allow a future with them.

In a nut shell, I feel like I've lost my identity and died. I've tried several alternatives to try and pick myself up but I seem to keep hitting roadblocks. I went from an active person to nearly completely sedentary and my health seems to be deteriorating at a rapid rate with no definitive answers. I think of killing myself multiple times a day, but what stops me is that I keep hoping I'll get better. It has been over a year since I've injured my wrist and no doctor has given me a definitive treatment answer that I am satisfied with (they just seem to go through treatment algorithms rather than think of mine case as unique). Now with my hip/knee/ankle injury I'm rapidly losing hope that I'll ever be able to enjoy my life when I'm done with schooling.

Thank you for reading this. I'm sorry it was so long. I just feel like I need someone to understand how hard I have tried and how desperate I'm starting to feel. I feel so lost and overwhelmed that I can't pull myself out of this, I wish someone was there just to feel close to.