I’ve been putting off making this post because I’m so tiredHonestly, I really can’t be bothered writing this. I am just so tired of life right now. I’ve been wanting to make this post for the past few days, but the thought of writing about how I feel leaves me feeling drained and exhausted.

I’m 17f and I had to move to my mums house a few hours away from my dads house about 1 1/2 weeks ago. I’ve been trying to fit my life into my mums house, which is a two bedroom 60s house, which is so small, especially with my mums boyfriend and his 11-yr-old daughter. I would explain why I had to leave my dad and stepmum a house, but I can’t be bothered, all i’ll say is that my stepmum encouraged me to leave home, so I left to stay with my friends family, and when I finally saw my dad and stepmum again, my stepmum never said sorry and my own father had nothing to do with me leaving. Neither of them tried making me stay, because apparently they just hope that I’m making the right decision.
I’m so over school. It’s my last year of high school in Australia, and even before lockdown I was so behind in all of my classes, now I just feel useless and pathetic and I just want to give up, but then I get scared and just try to make myself look like I’m doing school work. My life consists of watching tv or scrolling on my phone, or sitting with my mum and talking about random things that don’t matter. I don’t feel wanted. I don’t feel like I matter to anyone and I just feel so distant from everything. I don’t even recognise myself anymore. 
Since being depressed and self harming at 13 after a life full of shitty things, I’ve always said that I would never kill myself. More for other people, because I don’t want to put them through pain and suffering. But I’ve had reoccurring thoughts since last year about running away and starting a new life. These thoughts keep becoming a consistent part of my life. It started with a once a month thought I’d ‘imagine if I ran away, right now. That would be awesome, I could get away from my life’ to me thinking about running away everyday, to, ‘running away’ for real, I guess, to my mums house. But even now at my mums house I want to leave. I have the compulsions to get up and leave my life. I don’t want it anymore. I’m done. I’m so tired of the person I am right now and I just want to leave. I don’t want to die, I just want to stop existing.
For the past month my sleep has been really bad. I get 4-7 hours of broken sleep a night, depending on what time I go to bed, what I did that day. Yesterday I literally just couldn’t do it. I spent my 3 online classes on my phone scrolling through instagram, as soon as my last class ended, I slept on the couch for about 3 hours until my mum got home from work. I sat up and watched tv through glazed eyes and then had to control myself to not burst out crying sitting in the lounge room with my mum. I had to excuse myself and go to the bathroom and cry. I’m just so tired, and school just makes everything so much harder. I just wish I wasn’t a student during this lockdown, so I wouldn’t have to worry about all my homework. I can’t do this. I just don’t want to do this anymore. The past month my libido has been completely flat. Nothing. Even when I try to masturbate, there’s no mental response, only physical. I feel nothing. I played with my really crazy cat, who I knew claws really bad, until she clawed all my hands up and left me with scratches all over both my hands, just to feel something. I riled up the dogs and encouraged my dog to bite my arm. It was really hard and it hurt, but I let him do it again.
Im just so numb and I don’t even know what I want right now. Even if there was someone to talk to, I don’t think I have the capacity to talk about my problems. I just want to not exist anymore. I would say i want to stay in bed all day, but even that I don’t want, because my body hurts because I don’t get enough sleep

Im so tired