I want to admit myself *sorry it’s so long*I want to but I feel like im not, I don’t know, bad enough? 

Pretty much all I think about everyday is suicide. All the different ways I could do it and stuff like that. I know I have access to pretty much everything I would need from what I’ve planned in my head and most days I really want to go through with it. 

My anxiety gets pretty bad some days. I get anxious whenever I leave the house so I usually try to stay in my room or only be out of the house for a little bit. I haven’t had an appetite for months, I’ve lost about 10lbs I think. I can’t sleep, it either I wake up in the middle of the night and can’t go back to sleep or I’m like half asleep the whole time I’m sleeping(which isn’t very long) so it’s not a very satisfying rest. 

I’m failing school, I’m just so tired. I can’t focus, it’s not even just school, I can’t focus on anything! I used to love reading, now I just don’t enjoy it and can’t focus when I try to get back into it. Can’t even watch tv, not interested in anything. 

My panic attacks are getting worse too. Last night I had a pretty bad panic attack about school, some other stuff happened that kinda escalated it but I ended up with a pounding headache, scratched up face, and puking my insides out. It was mostly stomach acid and water cuz I have a hard time eating. I can usually handle my panic attacks by myself without bothering anyone but it’s getting harder. 

I haven’t washed any laundry in like 4-5 months maybe. All my dressers are completely empty, I have 3 over piled baskets of dirty clothes that litter a big chunk of my room and 1 basket that’s halfway filled with cleanish clothes. I tend to wear the same clothes for days or weeks on end. My nightstand and bed are covered in like trash and stuff. I know it’s gross but I just can’t do it. 

Sometimes I do things that I know I shouldn’t be doing, especially with strangers from the internet. I don’t meet up with them but I do make plans to just in case I ever wanted to get away from everything. I send pictures and say things that I would never normally send or say(sexual shtuff). I’m kinda really obsessed with using fake names and stuff, I use my real pictures but different names. I feel like I can be whoever I want and it’s really addictive to me. But anyways, I’ve been doing this kind of stuff since I was like 7/8, kinda strange. 

Sometimes I think I’m going crazy cuz I think I see bugs out of the corner of my eye but when I turn to look nothing is there. Also, I feel like I hear things that aren’t real but like idk maybe I’m making it up or something. 

I talk to a therapist occasionally and I am on medication for anxiety and depression, not really doing anything for me. I know somethings might not work out and you have to try different medications and stuff like that but I’m so tired of waiting. 

This isn’t how I wanted this to go so sorry if it’s all over that place or doesn’t make sense, I get it just kinda turned into more of a venting type of thing.  

But back to my main point, I want to admit myself but I feel like im not, bad enough? I just feel like I don’t really have a reason to feel the way I do and that I just feel stupid for being sad and stuff over nothing. Could they even help me in there? I don’t know what to do. 

Is it something that I should even bring up to anyone or is it useless? What do I do?