Feel dead alreadyInitially posted in r/depression but probably more serious than that.

I posted in here a few weeks ago about some family stuff and my elbow that I hurt on Halloween and thing have only been getting worse.

I just want the suffering to end.
I fantasise about how better off my loved ones would be if I didn’t exist.
My sister took me to my doctors appointment today to find out how my MRI went.
I’ve got extreme bone bruising and tears in my tendons.
But that was only the start of it. During the 30 minutes to our home town we smelt something burning and my sisters car was making a weird noise. The car was almost at max temperature and we pulled over just in time for the engine to overheat and give out.
We sat in the hot car for 2 and a half hours waiting for a tow truck to take us the last 21km to get home.
Turns out her radiator is broken, some bell head could be bent because the temperature hit the red, which will cause her future engine problems. This is a $3,000 job minimum. She bought her car for $5,500 4 years ago.
She’s a stay at home mum, with 3 kids under 10 with the youngest being 2 and her hubby earns under $40,000AU.
The entire time waiting for the tow truck she was talking about how it would be easier if she just walked in front of a truck, that she hates her miserable existence and that life was easier when she was an addict. I spent 2 hours telling her good things, about her kids, etc. She didn’t really mean the things she said, but I know her pain. She’s depressed and on antidepressants.

Meanwhile she wouldn’t have even been there if I didn’t need driving to and from the appointment.
I feel like I’m the direct cause of misery in the lives of every one around me.

*part 2
My boyfriend (of 2 years) picked us up and took my sister home before we went home.
In August I found messages on his phone to a chick that I’ve never heard of before (we’ve known each other 5 years) where he was telling her he was having feelings for other people and said that our overseas trip together (in two weeks time from then) would be the make or break of our relationship.
In early October he was going through porn of local people in our area.
I’ve brought both up with him previously.
He’s also had a history of drug abuse.
This weekend is one of his high school “friends” 20th birthday parties and they’re going camping. I told my partner that I didn’t want to be around people who did drugs anymore because I was wanting more from life than that.
He now intends to take acid and cocaine at this party and I’m so stuck that I don’t even know what to do. He KNOWS I wouldn’t like him doing drugs, and when I caught him with the other two things I told him the only things I expect from our relationship is being open, upfront and honest. Which he hasn’t been about anything.

I’m ready to severely self harm and I considered tonight taking the box and a half that I have left of Endone and the full box of Codeine to drown out all of the sorrow and blackness I’m feeling.

I’m sick of not knowing what to do and constantly being a burden on everybody.
Help. Please.
I can’t go to doctors about my feelings because I won’t be hospitalised like when I was 15.