I dont know how to feel.A bit about me, I'm 20, college freshman, I'm gay, and im writing this post not using a throwaway account.

I attempted suicide about a two weeks ago.
I couldn't sleep one night, so i started drinking, and as i got more and more intoxicated, I craved more beer. So i grabbed some from god knows where, and i chug three more bottles of beer.
I have now consumed 2 bottles of Vodka 40oz. And three bottles of Coors i think, and next thing i know, im on the side of a freeway holding my replica m&amp;p40 pellet gun above my head, cops are yelling at me to drop the weapon. I don't quite remembers feeling depressed at the moment, i just know i told them, that either i put down my gun in the direction of them, or they could shoot me first.
I don't know why i did it, i dont remember feeling any emotions, i just had this thought in my mind, that "i should die today". Another thing i should've mentioned earlier is i have severe insomnia,
and can go days without sleep and feel alright. But on the nights that i cant sleep, my mind begins to wander.... Thinking about what i could've done right in my life, what i should've done a long time ago, thinking about how i can't fall asleep. I do have nights where i feel like cry aloud, because of that, but i just cant, i dont know why i hold it in. 
Anyhow, after being apprehended by the police, im taken to a psych ward and i start feeling a lot better, i don't feel drunk or anything.
I've been noticing though, that i keep thinking about that night, i feel like i failed, like I've failed in life.
And as i keep thinking about that night, i start becoming angry at myself for not pointing my gun at the officers, i feel like i missed my chance at peace. 
It is 6:12 am atm. And I haven't slept for three days now. I've begun to hallucinate, noises, not voices, but noises. I have gotten help before, but i don't have insurance to help pay for medicine or getting better help. 
I just wanted to put this out their.
Has anyone felt the same?
I feel like im becoming insane.
I don't want think i can take, feeling like this for long. I dont know what to do. 
I have work in a few minutes, so i leave off at that.