Hate meNobody really seems to want me around. One of my closest friends just “forgets to text me” and my best friend basically said that he was doing better without me in his life. My boyfriend (now ex) broke up with me because i was having a day to myself. He sexually assaults me and drinks and never respects me but he’s still there for me. It’s tempting to reach out to him but i know he doesn’t treat me well. Instead i reached out to my other ex to see if he could get me anything but found out he could care less what i want and is now trying to start a drug empire. I hoped that posting to subreddits, getting validation, as well as dms would give me something to look forward to but it didn’t. Adding to that one of my rats passed away and it’s my fault. Mom and dad think that I’m sleeping on the couch because it’s difficult to sleep in my room since Quincy passed but really it’s because i have a fully made noose in there and intend on using it. Cutting myself doesn’t work anymore. Usually my coping strategies are either hurt myself or kms. Now since sh doesn’t appeal to me anymore all i want to do or need to do is kms. I don’t want to be hospitalized again. That doesn’t help. I tried to order stuff online to give me something to wake up to but i couldn’t decide what i wanted. And then i tried to reward myself w donuts for being 2 months clean, the second longest I’ve been in the 3 years I’ve been hurting myself, but somebody ate them all. Mom didn’t want to change my medicine because “she just doesn’t think she can handle it”. I don’t even know what she meant by that. She can’t handle me switching medicine? I can’t handle being on these meds. It sounds so petty but i just hate myself. I made a promise to myself three years ago that if i was still heavily suicidal and crying to sleep that i would kill myself. Because no matter how my life will turn out it can’t be worth this. And I’ll more than likely go through with suicide. This is the closest I’ve been to dying since the age of 7 when all of this started. 

TLDR; everybody is better off without me and i can’t find something to live for.