Being stuck in the house for over a month gave me a reason to do less than what I was doing before.I just feel like my life is going nowhere in the end. I just feel like the negativity from my mind and from others is just destroying me. I have not been as productive as I was before quarantine. I mean I hated myself before but now it's worse if that's even possible. I had a job even though I was messing up in every other area in my life. I still had a job that I liked. Don't get me wrong it wasn't a good job I wasn't getting paid a lot but it was something for me to do and I could see the people I worked with who I really liked. I could also get away from being in a living space with someone who doesn't like me. I just feel like dying is better, but I'm not gonna kill myself. I can't because I've tried a few times in high school and twice in college. Now every time I want to kill myself I just think about how I can't ever succeed in doing that because it's very difficult from the situation I'm in. I mean I have a plan but I can't pull it off. So here I am dreading being alive and being in a place where I feel unwanted. I can never seem to get my life together. I've screwed up so much, and I can't put myself on the right track. So I figured dying was the best way out because I can stop being annoying, I can finally stop depending on my mom, and the pain would go away. I am broke so I can't go and live by myself, my credit sucks because I screwed it up. I won't go into detail because I was just being lazy and stupid and depressed. I don't have a job right now and I'm expected to contribute in the place that I'm living in now even though I can't do much which I don't feel like elaborating on. I have zero confidence and I feel just like a failure. I am overweight and I have been eating less and less during quarantine because I feel uncomfortable eating in this place because like I said before the person I live with doesn't like me. This is not a cry for help, I can't be fixed. I know how screwed up I am. This is just me wanting to rant on reddit for like the fourth time since quarantine. Sorry this was so long I don't expect people to read it I just wanted to talk. Also this is usually the method that gets me to stop crying because I get so preoccupied with typing that I can't cry at the same time.