I am aloneI feel like I just came to this realization I am alone. I am no one's first choice. I think I started to realize when my dad got open heart surgery. I was 17, a senior in high school. No one volunteered to help me. I had to deal with the prospect of college, part time job, my unmedicated bipolar mother saying my dad was faking and prone to screaming fits, and my severely autistic brother. I had to take him to all his appointments and I had to do things like grocery shopping. My dad refused to ask anyone for help and said I should handle it or he would be fine by himself which obviously isn't true. He would be very isolated and weak. I asked his brother or my uncle for help. He would come by train for a day or two and go back to his city 2 hrs away. He didn't want to stay there for long and my aunt never wanted to come. They said my mom was too much but they thought it was okay for me to stay there. My mom's side of the family visited a month after the surgery for 2 hrs and left. My best friend was the only one consistently there for me but she was just a kid too. A couple of my other friends talked to me sometimes. I skipped school all the time to take care of everything and fell behind. I missed due dates, ruined my attendance record. So I wouldn't get in trouble for truancy, I started coming in the morning, getting an early dismissal for 10 mins after I came and never came back. I would drive 2-4 hrs a day. I slept over sometimes at whatever facility he was in. Those were the worst 2 months of my life. I had to deal with berating from my mother saying I was a piece of shit for skipping school and more insults. I couldn't go anywhere in case my family needed me. I didn't get to have a nice end of senior year. My friend's dad offered to drive him to graduation after he recovered partially. My parents got in a huge fight before I left for graduation and my mom said I was worthless and she didn't want to go to my graduation. The woman who said the only important thing in my life should be school. My brother started getting violent and threw a tantrum so I left. My dad said he left halfway through the graduation because there would be traffic. He didn't even hear my name being called. While everyone else had their family cheering for them, I had no one and I just looked at empty bleachers. I called him for half an hour after I left because I thought he had not left at that point because I was still there. He said he was out to dinner with my friend's dad and said he had already left and said I could come if I got a ride. He texted me thanks for your help and paid me $300 to say thanks. I didn't want his money. I just wanted to be appreciated. I don't want to be bought. My best friend was gracious enough to invite me to her dinner because she knew how awful I felt about the prospect of going home. I sank into a deep depression and I have never fully forgiven my family for being pieces of shit. Now my best friend hasn't talked to me in two months and I have no friends in college. I realize now it will be a repeat of my high school graduation two years from now and I feel truly and utterly alone knowing no one will care to show up. I'm sorry I know it sounds stupid to people but I can't help feeling this way when I've been in a situation where no one has helped. My family always says I'm too American and they value family but they only value it between the people they like I guess. I'm sorry I'm just so lonely 