happy death dayI thought that title was pretty ironic considering it’s my birthday today lol...Anyways, my countdown has come to its end and so has this account. I’m going to speak my mind because I have nothing to lose. I tried to be a good person surrounded by people who don’t even know what good is. At a time like this when I’m speaking without a filter and with tears blurring the letters on my screen, my one wish is to go back in time when I was young and my heart wasn’t as bruised as it is now. Being good to people who’ve thrown me under isn’t the only foolish thing I’ve done though. I’m here letting out my heart to people I don’t even know. I wish I could be the me I was just a year ago. Full of dreams and goals, full of passion and motivation. I used to look forward to the future but now waking up scares me because I know it’ll be another day full of disappointment. I feel so fucking stupid saying all this on the internet but there’s no one I could think of being this open with. Right now it seems as if I’m just talking to a blank screen. Will my words reach anyone? I don’t know. But the words of the people who’ve messaged me these past few days have definitely reached me. I’m grateful for that. My hands are shaking and my breath trembles as I type every word of this. It seemed like for the longest time I was trapped in the sea and for some reason I thought that I’d learn to breathe underwater but I remembered I’m only human and it’s just physically impossible no matter how hard I try...no matter how much I believe. I’m allowing the waves to swallow me up now. At this moment of weakness, I’ve realised how I strong I’ve been. I hope everyone and anyone struggling can continue to be strong for much longer than I was. Fear is the sole reason why I’m sad with what my life is. Fear is also the sole reason I used to hesitate in taking away this sad life. I’d always wonder, what does one do when they’re too scared to live but also too scared to die? Where does one turn to where they can find a safe haven between these two things that make us human beings? Maybe I’ll get the chance to rest now.