I've been fantasizing about killing myself since I was 13 years old and I think it's timeI'm a 16 year old girl, my life is very average and to be honest most of my problems aren't as worth it and rough to be mentioned. I've struggled with an eating disorder since I was 10, my suicidal thoughts have been around since I can remember and there's nothing I can do to keep them away from my mind; no one has ever noticed any of that, not even my parents. I like to think that this is due to my "pretending to be ok" skills but deep down I know is because nobody really gives a shit about me, again, not even my parents. 

Every single decision that I've made since I was conscious about my bad mental state has been made in order to get better and experience happiness for once in my life. Nothing seems to work out, I can't even bother to fuck things up because there's no good thing at all around me, everything is fucked up already and no one really cares about me. 

To be clear, I know that I'm going to eventually kill myself. I have no idea how, when and where but I just know that I am going to do it one way or another. The only thing that haunts me is the fact that my self-induced death will represent a major trauma in my friends' lives and will scar my parents forever. I absolutely don't want that, I just want to go in peace knowing that no one will be hurt in the process or afterwards. 

Maybe my life will get better in a couple of years, maybe if I try harder on therapy somethings will start to go the right way in my life, but the emotions that I've been dealing with for the past couple of years are just too painful, my god they are. 

Only thing I can do is pray that there's no other type of life after death because I ain't willing to breathe anymore after I take my own life, that and distancing myself from everyone so that they find easier to face my death when I eventually commit it. 

I know this hole text can sound overwhelmingly condescending and typical in a depressed teen, and I'm sorry for that but I can't take it anymore. I'm going to wait til my birthday for my final decision even though I'm 100% sure I'll eventually kill myself.  

Thanks for reading me, I'll let y'all know