Anyone else not able to think? At all?For years now I've been losing my ability to think, read, and talk. My psychiatrist thinks it's OCD combined with a learning disability, which would kind of make sense except I always had decent language skills. Now I struggle to read simple signs and advertisements on the street. I can still write okay, but it's a struggle to read what I just wrote back. My inner monologue is fragmented and broken; sentences that I try to think fall apart and I have to repeat them over and over and over again. That might be OCD, but if I don't repeat whatever I'm thinking until I can understand it I basically end up with a blank bewildered mind.  This is all made worse by the fact that I also get uncomfortable physical sensations when I try to think and read, things like stiffness in my neck, legs and arms and muscle spasms.

I don't want to over exaggerate my problems or take anything for granted, I still have a lot to be thankful for. It could always be worse. I can remember where and who I am, I can navigate around outside just fine and like I said, I can still write. I can even think somewhat complex thoughts occasionally, which is weird until I remind myself of how the brain is modular and certain regions can be fucked while others can be relatively unaffected and functional.

Maybe it's schizophrenia, but if it is it's taking a long time to fully emerge. Maybe it's my depression, I've had it pretty bad since I was young. But while depression, anxiety, and OCD can definitely cause disabling cognitive problems, it just seems too damn severe to come from any of those. I have an appointment with a neurologist in half a month, hopefully I'll get an MRI soon after. Doctors just seem to want to put me on antidepressants and don't really take me seriously when I say "I can't read or maintain a simple train of thought". 

Man, that was exhausting to write. Everything is exhausting now. Whenever I'm out and I see people I just imagine them being able to do everything I can't with the greatest of ease. Not an easy thing to deal with when you have depression. I'm getting older and if I don't get healthy soon I feel as if I'll have very little chance at anything in life. I give myself another year or so like this until I end it. Can anyone relate to this at all? Thanks for reading.
