days just passing byi know most of people talking about killing themselves seek for attention, they won't do it, they will just talk about killing themselves so anyone will hear them out. Anytime i feel like killing myself i think like i would like to fall from some really tall building in the center of my town and i catch myself that i'm only seeking attention. 
On the other hand i see no joy in living. It was always a struggle for me to live. Only think making me happy was playing games because i didnt think about nescessity to go to school, get education, get a job. Everything new i try brings me no joy. I just got information that i will not get any points from an assignment because i copied part of my friend's work. If I didnt do that i would have a chance to pass it but i didnt know it back then. It basically make all of that even worse because i will have to probably study one more year because of this. I enjoyed my studies for first two years, then it became nightmare. I got so much work from so much things i dont like and dont feel like using at my future job that i lost all the positive feelings about my studies. Back then i wasnt so depressed but if i had oportunity to end my life painlessly without making my family suffer i would go for it 100% at any time of my life. Music helped me for some time but now even this doesnt help. I have friends i like to spend time with them but i still prefer to die than live. I cant even come with any viable reason why i dont enjoy anything. It just feels on and on the same. I finish one assignment, then there comes another. I know everyone got the same problems but i just dont see myself enjoying anything in the future. Maybe when i get a job something will change. I dont even dream about getting a girlfriend, i have too picky - too ugly problem. But that's ok, i should first try to be happy with myself right?
I took medicines (Effectin) for over a year and they helped to lower my giant social anxiety. Before i was like stressed 24/h wanted to die. Now i am not stressed anymore, just want to die.   
