maybe I might just need someone to talk with but I'm having horrible thoughts tonight.Man excuse the long wall of text but here we go; 

I've been depressed for a good chunk of my life. Most of it is a lack of self confidence. I'm a 24 year old individual has never kissed another person, or had any intimate encounter. I don't have any many friends because I'm quite socially awkward. Lately the thoughts have been up and down but the past couple weeks have really brought me to new lows espically tonight. I'm going to be out of job soon with no way to pay rent (our company is doing some restructuring shortly). I finally found a girl who showed some interest in me, and some of the darkness I felt inside me was dissapearing for a short little while, however out of no where after our fourth date she told me she sees me as friends which absolutely crushed me. And to make matters worse, there's a individual I talked to quite frequently online, we confessed our feelings for each other even though they were in a realtionship already. This ended in the other person cutting off all communication with me for over a year. They finally started talking to me again, out of no where, a week ago, which made me incredibly happy, but out of no where they the individual made it clear to me that they will not be talking to me again moving forward, and now i'm completly gutted as I don't think I've ever had stronger feelings for a person then this person. 

So I'm sitting here alone, I don't drink, nor do drugs so It feels like I have no where to escape too. I have so much pain inside me. I've tried seeing a psychologist before, and taking medicine but quite frankly it made it worse (my family said I turned into a raging lunatic).

Reddit, I'm not quite sure what I need, or what I expect to find here. All I know is I googled eaisest way to commit suicide tonight and that scares me. It scares me so much because I'm not scared of the thought of sucidie itself, but more the thought of staying alive for one more day and feeling the way I do right now.

