I think Ive found my last words. "If you have any words for me, say them now or forever hold your peace as I finally Rest In Peace."I am a deliberate man of calm caution. I've always approached everything with a open mindset that is set on considering every option and venue. Evidently it is something that lends to my indecisiveness and a part of why I am posting on this community. 

And for that, tonight, Ive acquiesced and acquired the next step in my plan. Everything is loose. whether I plan on going by giving myself a quick drop and a short stop, blasting  piece of lead through my cranium, or overload my body with a cocktail of chemicals, I hope as everybody else does, swiftly, painlessly, and in such a way that I will can have an open casket. I owe my family that much.

While I search for how I will propel my final chapter, I must also plan it's introduction. Suicide takes a lot of planning doesn't it. Even if it is a spur of the moment - what if one day my body takes over and I do something I didn't think I could or would do - I hope to have a note planned. A final note is simply too much to think about. I've been fortunate enough to have many people I would want to thank and acknowledge in my last words. I've also been misfortunate enough to be where I am anyways. It's always been the right place, wrong time; right time, wrong place; right person, wrong time; right time, wrong person. 

So many words, so many people, so many factors, reasonings, and explanations, this line I feel is something I feel would encapsulate all of it. Most likely, people will have words for me. Of course there would be the strangers whoI've never known but affected who have something to say. Of course there would be those friendly associates whom I've been friendly with simply because of circumstances; we wouldn't be friends if the environment didn't force us together. And of course, family, close friends, and significant others would have a few things to say. I must ask though, where was all of that when I was around?  I have the necessary people and things in my life where on paper, I should be a stable and functioning human being but I just am not. In this line, I've acknowledged that I am aware that I have things that other people want and need and I also acknowledge that I am missing something integral. I wouldn't want the people who've invested so much on me to go unacknowledged. 

Why do I feel so distrustful of people I MUST trust? Better yet, how can people be so trusting? How can people be happy when the people around them won't be around or won't be the same? The people who say they love you or will miss you won't be the same tomorrow. Eventually, they will find somebody else to love and miss. I find that this is true for everything except for family but that is because our mammalian instincts, not our consciousnesses, make it so. At least in such a solemn and significant moment that is my death, I can finally hear the words and statements that do mean something. The secrets, the discomfort, the truths, the lies, and anything of value will come out. Any word that is not said I guess isn't worth it. When I go, the slate between each person and myself will be somewhat emotionally more clear. If it is inevitable, everything done will have been done and with this last word, everything said will be said. No more secrets, hidden truths, or lies of any value will be left silent. 

If you didn't say anything when I needed it, now is your chance to say it. If you don't say anything, that will be on you and not me and that is a burden you, not I, will have to carry. Then I can Rest In Peace.