Need to rant and need perspectiveSo I used to feel like I had my shit together. Went to college, did well, went to grad school, got my masters and then started my doctorate. Right around the time I should have been working on my dissertation I was hit with a major depressive episode. I got help with meds and therapy, which made things better. Yet, I couldn't get my dissertation going and I was going to run out of funding. Found a full time teaching job in another state, moved thinking a change of environment would help me get motivated. Work was good but I let the dissertation fall to the back of my mind. Middle of my third year with the teaching job and get told I won't have my contract renewed. I put that in the back of my mind along with the dissertation. I end up making ends meet for the next year doing food delivery since I couldn't find anything related to my professional or educational background where I was living. The money was good but no insurance. During this time, my depression came back, my live-in boyfriend/relationship fell apart. We decided to stay at our place rather than break the lease. As things got closer to the end of the lease, I had decided to move out of state to live with my sister and her family. She lives where I thought job opportunities would be plentiful. My depression lightened up to what I call "walking depression," where its there, but I don't feel like shit all the time, instead I don't feel anything, I just go and the job I had with food delivery and trying to make ends meet allowed me to just focus on the present. 

So three months back, I finally make the big move, feeling positive about the possibly that I will find a job in an area where I could use my education/professional background. Christmas rolls around and my depression is back in full. I am barely making ends-meet now working as a substitute teacher. I hate it. Its thoughtless but exhausting. I'm supposed to be working on my dissertation cause time is running out on completing it. I'm also supposed to be looking for a job, which I have applied for quite a few, with nothing coming from it so far. I do a little digging around to see what qualifications and experience others have who work at the same places I apply to and either they have the same or less or a shit ton better than myself. So I end up either psyching myself out of even applying or just feeling like a fuck up no wants to hire when I finally get an email saying "we're looking at other candidates". I am so tired. I don't see anyone hiring me. I don't want to keep looking for jobs that no one is going to hire me for. I don't want to walk into another fucking classroom and deal with kids. I don't want to deal with the soon to arrive anxiety about worrying about whether my substitute teacher paycheck will cover my bills this month. I would love to end it all, but feel guilty about it. I don't even care about my dissertation anymore. Only things that keep me from ending it is guilt about my nephews finding me and my parents having to deal with it, I'd be the second child to have died if I did it. I'm just tired. I wish I had the money to at least get back on meds. I'm just so fucking tired. I don't talk to my friends or family anymore about how I'm really doing, cause none of them really get it and none of them can really help me the way I need help. I just want this invisible weight I feel on me to lift.