22F This is the worst night of my lifeI just broke up with my verbally, and physically abusive boyfriend. Although he did me wrong constantly, He was my everything and I went to him for all of my pain and sorrow. I did everything I could for him. But after everything he admitted that he basically hates me. He was never a true friend, only there to secretly be happy about my problems and pain when I would vent and cry. He considered and still considers my depression and thoughts to be all for attention and he told me that I'm full of shit. He told me alot worse as well, but its breaking my heart to continue on about him.

All I really have now is my family(dad, mom, brother). I have major depression, some anxiety and a lot of suicidal thoughts.

Tonight I decided to go for a ride with my mom to run an errand instead of being at home sad due to the breakup that I'm going through. 

Bad decision.

My mom started shitting on me out of nowhere. Claiming and telling me that I'm not seeing the "fucked up" choices that I'm making. For the record, i dont party, drink, smoke, I dont have a kid and Ive never been in jail. Ive been struggling hard with depression my whole life but more seriously the last 2 years. Due to the constant struggle to wake up, get out of bed, and find any motivation to live, ive been job hopping and now school hopping. I havent ever taken a break from working since i graduated from high school, in 2013. Despite having new jobs, I always start right after I left the previous one. I understand that this is terribly unhealthy but my prior jobs were making me feel worse. Now Ive finally found a job I like and don't see myself leaving it and my mom doesnt even realize that. She just decided to shit on that too because the entry level (where im at now) isnt getting paid much, and its only part time. But it's actually a job in a field I like and I can move up the ladder. Overall she is calling me lazy and going nowhere in life.

Then theres the school thing. With the untreated depression and I also dealt with bullying from some students and my professor (believe it or not), it has caused problems. Since it is a trade school, there are no options to change classes or teachers. And after thought of the whole situation I realized that that school really wasnt meant for me. So I removed myself from the program i was in. This whole time I havent been able to tell my parents becauae i was afraid of their reaction and because i knew they wouldnt understand my depression. Now Its impossible for me to tell them at all because my mom is already calling me a fuck up for job hopping.

After listening to my mom shit on me for 30 minutes straight, I told her that I tried to kill myself at least 3 times within the last 2 months. She was shocked and sad but she told me that I was "weak" and needed to be strong. She then told me that she wished I would stop feeling sorry for myself and finally she told me that I was being lazy and to get those "stupid thoughts" out of my mind. 

I was left speechless and numb. I still havent even told her about removing myself from my school. I told her I was struggling hard with it and she said, "well dont give that up too. You have to stop quitting and being so weak!" Now im screwed. Either way my mom wont understand. If I stay quiet, I appear lazy. If I speak up like I just did, I appear both weak and lazy.

I felt so broken so I tried to talk to my ex for serious help because I needed a friend. Even though he is my ex, he was my best friend, so I figured he'd still help me. I felt so low, I didnt know how to move forward with my life. Hes the only person I really had besides my family and I would do anything for him. ...But he also doesnt have depression, so he does not understand. The entire time I was crying and trying to talk to him, he was still mad about a fight we got into 2 days ago, he was mad about relationship problems we had and not once could he just put it aside for a second to be there. I just needed someone. And not in a using way, i just wanted HIM to be there for me, because if the situations were flipped and he was going through what I am, Id NEVER EVER EVER want him to feel this alone. Id NEVER want him to feel like he has nobody. Together or not, id do whatever I could to help him feel better and safe. There was a time when he had a panic attack out of nowhere when we werent even together, but he called me and I rushed over worried and crying and I took him to the hospital. It was really crowded but I stayed with him waiting to see a Dr. For TEN hours! From 10pm-8am I was by his side and never left. I held him and made him feel safe. But of course he doesnt remember that. Hes not the person I thought he was. He was the nightmare I didnt want to believe was true. I told him this was the worst night of my life and that I dont think I can survive and he told me I'm just trying to manipulate him to get back together (to feel sorry for me) or do this for attention. I even told him I didnt want to get back together, I just needed him as a friend because he told me that he would always be there for me and that he cared, but I guess it was all a lie. He made me feel like the worst person on the planet even though he has cheated, played mind games, abused, bruised and gave me PTSD from the shit he has done to me, I was the bigger person and kept apologizing to him for it all tonight just to get him to be there for me, but he still couldnt put down his pride, all he said was "good bye"

Meh, it seems like this post is on two different topics now. The point is that I feel so alone now and god, im so close to giving up.

Tl;dr The thought "I have no one" that frequently clouds my mind was true all along because my mom doesnt understand my depression and my ex boyfriend/best friend never cared and just left me for good without even ending it on good terms or being there for me as a friend when Im suicidal right now. I just need some motivating words or something because im so so so alone and sad.
