Id love to give up I probably have depression since i can remember. Resulting from repressed memories many years ago or not, whatever.  
I dont want anymore. I really just want to find something that keeps me on going. Maybe someone? Something? I dont know what could fulfill me but nothing does for longer time. Im playing so much videogames with friends but its not fulfilling i feel dread i am scared i am unmotivated lazy to do anything against it. Im so unproductive. I apparently accomplished so much but i just see what i havent accomplished and so much potential i need to fulfill. So many people are proud of me, look up to me but i feel sad i feel hollow. I cant say my true feelings towards the closest of me even. I literally got asked if i need therapy for my odd behaviour as i see everything as okay. i need to do the dishes, okay. I need to go buy groceries, okay. I need to share my PC with my brother for 2 hours, okay. I am playing on a bad chair and have the money to buy better one but what if... what if.... so im okay with the bad chair. I am okay with anything that gets thrown at me and this made my parents worry about me but i am okay with anything.

Im thinking about suicide, about throwing my studies away that are going not the best. About just going somewhere and live on my own completely isolated if thats what i need but i have no idea. I feel misplaced i feel undeserving of most things. I feel like as if im selfish and im sorry if i am to anyone. Im so sorry for anything i did wrong. I really dont want anyone to feel sad because of my death but i know so many would do so i cant. I still have many hopes so i cant. I still have so much time so i cant. but i really want to just give up just stop the everflowing motion that is called life, but i cant.

I hate how i accomplish everything barely. so close to losing everything. I finished preschool barely good enough to get a better future. I finished school barely still good enough to be able to study. I dont wanna have everything be so close. I dont want all this stress of just BARELY making it always BARELY. I dont know when i will fall, i dont want to fall but i will since i dont think everything can go on this barely. I dont even know whats worse falling or always being under the fear of it as its so close to reaching you but never reached you before. This permanent dread of you are so close to falling losing so much.

I am sometimes so lost in this short lasting satisfaction that i forget even the sad things the important things and i truly wonder how so many people can live on so happily but then again probably im not the only one showing this fascade to the outside.

Id love to give up but i cant... i really want to give up so much.

Posting this mostly to get it off my heart a bit, my whole worries.  
Also sorry for my bad english grammar. Not my native language