I don't know what I haveThat's it.
I've been feeling horrible nowadays... But first some context: I'm a 17yo NB mexican... I just feel like random "depressive attacks" (idk if that even exists) passes through me from time to time, I'm currently in one of those —and the strongest I've ever had... I've never had the intense necessity to self-harm, but now I... I just feel like ripping my veins out—. 
Well, you be probably thinking why do I feel like that... Thing is I don't even know... I mean, I have such severe things going on, but they've been there for quite a long period of time, and never lead to anything close to this.

They rejected me from both my dream careers (Neuroscience and Genomics —but still accepted in other 3—) like 2 weeks ago, but i don't think that's the problem, or at least not the whole.
Those attacks I said usually are coined together with flashbacks —long history—, shortened version: I think I was raped around 5-7yro and I had amnesia (those flashbacks came to my mind since idk when, but long ago, but I instantly forgot about it like next day... Until 1 year ago when suddenly I got conscious about having a mental gap [however I still can't remember anything about what happened, I just know something happened].

So, the other thing is being trans... I just accepted it during this quarantine, and no close-relative knows. I'm quite anxious about it (back in time, I thought trans ppl exaggerated dysphoria, now I see it's fucking completely real), whatever, I don't thing that's what's affecting me this much rn neither.

Idk if I just had panick attacks the whole night or what, but my hands' sweating, I got random crying attacks, hyperventilation, my hearth goes crazy, and I can't fucking sleep (as a matter of fact, can't since like 1 week ago).

I tried to ask for help to my friends, but I feel like I'm bothering 'em. I first had this today around 12 in the night, and a girl started chatting with me out of nothing, so that tranquilized me for a while, but then another attack came 30 mins later and went off, but then another one came, and one more like 20 mins ago (I'm at 3:50 in the morning).