I feel something againPREFACE: I started writing this in a very negative headspace, but I feel the tone had changed by the end of my rambling (initially with the title “I feel lost”)

I’m not sure if it’s still an appropriate post for this sub,  but I took a while to get it all out even if I don’t expect anyone to read it

-

Basically this is my first time talking about how I feel to anyone. I don’t post anything online normally so this is feels very unnatural, but I just need to put it out there even if nobody will see.

I’ve been having intrusive thoughts since I was about 10 years old. I’m not sure what caused them to start, but I vividly remember the incredible amount of anxiety and helplessness I would feel on a daily basis. When I was younger I was a very cheerful and outspoken, so there were multiple people that noticed the sudden change in my personality. I assume my parents thought it to be “just a phase” as I was probably beginning to go through puberty at the time, until my dad found the self-harm marks on my arm. 

Shortly after that incident, my parents put me in therapy. I barely even remember it, I can picture the room I went to but I don’t recall ever having a conversation. I don’t know if my parents stopped having me go was because they couldn’t see any signs of mental issues or they just didn’t want to pay for therapy that I wasn’t even attempting to participate in. Regardless, I continued to live my life despite not being fond of mine personally.

I was still considering suicide often throughout the next year or two of my life when the most unexpected thing happened to me. One day I was going to my kitchen to get some food when my mother tells my my cousin had run away from home.  

Immediately I thought this was very unusual, and him just finishing high school some people assumed he was just looking for some freedom, my first thought was that he had gone to kill himself. That is exactly what I had planned to do, wait until I had finished my legal obligation to stay with my family until I was 18 and then just leave and do it. I feel like I had distanced myself enough from everyone to minimize the  emotional damage and be able to stop my thoughts. 

Regarding my cousin, I managed to convince myself otherwise. He was a very friendly and open guy. He lived in a small town and put on magic shows and performed in theatre. He was a genuine entertainer and was always a shining example of happiness, and maybe he just needed a break from being so animated all the time. 

Being from a small town, many people became aware of his absence. About a week after he had gone missing a handful of relatives had gone visit my grandmother who lived in the same area as my cousin. My uncle got a call saying someone had found him, and I can remember the look on everyone’s face when they heard. I can still remember the sound of my grandmother crying.

I think about my cousin every single day of my life, an absolutely amazing individual who took his life and left so many people behind with anguish. I loved who he was, and hated what he did. After seeing the sorrow of losing a loved one first hand, as well as experiencing it myself, I could not bring myself to suicide no matter how awful I felt because It’s impossible for me to know how much others care about me. I had dreams where I killed myself only for my sister to walk in and find my body, and I cry just thinking about it now. Part of me felt guilty about his suicide, but at the same time I envy him. If I had done it myself before he might have come to the same realization as me and pushed through the pain. It’s obviously too late to change any of it now, and I can’t escape the thought of ending my life.

I felt miserable so many days of my life, mostly keeping to myself. I had a few “friends” I would talk to in school, but they were mostly disposable relationships and within the last year or two I haven’t spoken to them. 

I was content with my life for a period. I definitely wasn’t happy but I felt adjusted to my thoughts and lived one day at a time. Every day became the same as the last and I didn’t mind at the time, it was just me making it another day by myself, a simple accomplishment. 

I thought I was content with being alone until I met someone absolutely fascinating. When I had first met them she was my coworker, and just another person, but being stuck in a room working with them completely changed my perspective. 

Every conversation we had was fascinating to me, I came to find one of the most vivacious people I had ever met, and got reminded what true happiness felt like. Being around her even for a moment filled me with joy, and it improved my life in almost every aspect. I found myself being friendly again, goofing off with my sisters and wanting to talk to people again just because of one person. The craziest thing is I can’t even remember what she looks like, but the way she makes me feel is always so fresh.

I did leave my job, and I thought I was done seeing her for good. I never tried to contact her outside of work related issues because I thought it would be pointless. Even if she makes me feel the way I do, how could I possibly tell her? It’s impossible that I’m anything more than a face to her and being the reserved person I am I kept it to myself. 

I thought I was a stranger until we had run across each other at school. She actually took time out of her day to talk to me, and it made me feel ecstatic, as silly as that sounds. After initially meeting outside of work she messaged me a few times to hang out in between classes, and I was more than happy to. Usually there were other people there to talk to, so I felt more of an afterthought, but I felt acknowledged and it was amazing.

Ive always thought very lowly of myself, generally lacking personality an unpleasant to be around. I don’t even consider how awful I must be with her, I just know how she makes me feel. I messaged her to meet a few times and she agreed, twice in the same week even! It had been just us talking for hours about goofy things. Im not taking her social interaction as romantic, its just refreshing to feel wanted, and the idea of being able to see her again has me excited to face another day, even if my mental illness seeps through on occasion. She probably doesn’t even think about me unless I’m in front of her and I’m okay with that, that’s how I assume everyone thinks about me anyway.