I'm 22, it sounds petty but I've been feeling left out by.. almost everybody?So yeah, as you know I'm 22 and it feels like the world has stopped for a while due to this fucking pandemic. It feels much slower than before for me I guess. On normal days, I would feel.... like a normal person, if there is such a thing: outgoing, a smile on my face, positive vibes I guess, less bothered in many ways, since I could still go out and hang out with my closest friends. But now that we're in a total lockdown, and it's been at least a month now since it began, I finally came to realise that I haven't actually done shit in the past 22 years of my life. I often compare myself to my sisters who are both, at least to the eyes of my parents, successful in their way. Both have stable lives, stable jobs and all that fancy stuff that I don't have. And I always find myself comparing myself to my peers who preferred to work rather than to get a degree. They have it better than me I guess, they're having their baby-steps-phase kinda thing, where they live alone, with a job, independent from their parents, they can go out whenever they want and all of those things. While I'm still here, living with my parents,   who are paying for my studies, leaving them dry as hell financially. I still rely on them in almost everything and I'm here stuck.. left behind by almost everyone. I don't have any work experience, I'm a shy guy, I find it hard to interact with people, I guess I get anxious whenever I find myself in front of a crowd, so when they tell me to go find a job as a waiter, I immediately change argument. A part of me wants to try but a part of me is just scared, afraid of taking that step, afraid of making mistakes in a workplace, getting yelled at, feeling under pressure. Just by the thought of it makes my heart race. I don't really know what I want to say in this post, I guess I'm just hopeless. People at my age has done a shit ton of things, I can't seem to emulate their accomplishments. When you're 22, they already think that you've had sex, that you've already had a working experience, that you've travelled almost everywhere, that you have lots of money to spend already and other stuff. Well, I don't have any of these things, nor have done any of these things. I try to ignore the fact but I've been thinking about it for a while, I guess I'm just lagging behind everybody else. And it sucks. 

Sorry for the long post, thanks for reading.