Thoughts I want to express.Somewhat recently, one of my really good friends, is falling hard. This kind of fall, though, hits me really hard, because it’s like seeing someone receiving a Nobel Prize for making the biggest difference in the world, such as discovering a vaccine that can then be made low cost so everybody in the world can access it, then the next moment everything is falling apart for them. I’ve known this friend for almost a decade, and from the moment I met him, I knew there was something special about him. He was and still is one of the smartest people I know. I was rather silly in high school, but he taught me some life lessons that have helped me a lot. When I was preparing to take an important standardized exam for a professional school, he helped me a little bit and I think it was definitely helpful. I could list more and more about how he has helped me, but that isn’t completely the point of this post.
I don’t completely understand why he has gone down this path, but from certain experiences that he has told me that have happened in his life, they definitely play a major role. I’m not sure if there were any genetic predisposition, but anyways…
He still acknowledges that I’m a good friend, so I don’t think all is lost, but from interacting with him, and from things he has told me, he’s falling hard mentally. I admit, I do not understand what’s going on inside his head, I do not understand why this is happening, I really wish I could really figure out the source of his lack of motivation, and I really wish he finds that motivation.
I’m still here to support him, I’m not sure what the future holds, he has gone through help (drugs, therapy, etc.) but none of it is working, and it hurts to see someone I admire and love, someone that has helped me to become the person I am today, go through this. I want to give back to him, maybe partly because of how much he has helped me in my life, but I really cannot see him, this amazing person with so much potential, fall this hard.
I have read a few other posts on this subreddit that have similar problems and aspects of what my friend is going through. Also, ever since I did find out about my friend’s problem, I found out other friends have been diagnosed with depression, but have not fallen down this path.
It’s just not right for anybody, regardless of whether they’re geniuses or not (IMO, everybody has a special talent, so I apologize if I have offended anybody), to go down such a path. I know I haven’t given details about the problems exactly, I’m still a bit uncomfortable expressing all of it.
I’m still in touch with my friend and still show my love and support no matter what for him, and he knows this and is thankful for it. Even though I have taken psych and neuro classes, learned about problems in the brain that can have a role in this, have watched videos of those talk about depression and other problems, I guess I never realized how hard someone can fall.
I’m going to keep supporting my friend, and if anybody has any suggestions, or any comments or anything, they are welcome. 
I don’t know other people that are going down this path, but to those that are, I hope you do find a way out. I hope the best for you. I know I may sound a bit like Voltaire when I say that, and I know I do not know the backstories, nor completely understand the problems, but I believe things can get better, and that you have my support.
