My ex girlfriend called me abusive and, I'm not even sure if I was, but regardless the guilt is destroying me and has messed me upthrowaway 

tl;dr at bottom

My ex and I dated when I was depressed in uni. For all intents and purposes I still am, reasons below. 

We had cultural/religious differences (she was Indian-Hindu) which meant it was secret, no premarital sex, she was very hesitant about any form of intimacy, and she wasn't sure how long it'd last, how compatible we'd be long term. She had strict parents so was basically on a curfew and could only go out for uni (lived at home). That was fine, we could meet on campus, she made me happy, and I thought I did her. She was also having a hard time, and I hope I helped her through that.

My depression started many years ago, when I had a nervous breakdown about a year after my parents divorced (Mom initiated, the disrespect she had for Dad has given me trust issues with women, as I'm very similar to Dad) There were numerous other reasons, I have a disability on the autism spectrum, I was beat up by a guy when my toxic ex-friends did drugs, I always felt bullied, social anxiety, fears about growing up, late high school work stress, a crisis of faith and so on. For a time I was terrified I had heart disease and became a hypochondriac who could no longer exercise properly, developed anorexia athletica to compensate (yes I know that's bizarre, I did walking, lots of walking and tried to get back to running but became hyper-sensitive about my heart rate) It was less that I wanted to die as I was convinced I was dying. I spent 18 months trying to improve my eating, and caused my mom in particular lots of stress (because she was used to my eating whatever). She said she went on antidepressants because of me and had chest pains, she's since denied it and said she had work stress, but the guilt really got to me. 

Early 2nd year I started self harming and became suicidal, I was sent back to my GP who stuck me on antidepressants and sent me for higher intervention therapy. I have lost count of how many interventions I have had since 2010 lol. At the same time, I met my ex (who was actually an old crush from school) on campus, the psych. helped me build things up with her, and that's how we started dating. But, there was the constant underlying issue that my self esteem was low, my anxiety and social anxiety high and my depression quite high, I still had some eating issues, big sleeping issues, addicted to the Internet, and I wasn't in the gym because I thought my mom didn't want me to go to the gym because that would be obsessive and lead me back to the ED. Yeah I know a lot.  

Things went to shit with the relationship around summer nearly 3 years ago (2013). I started thinking she was cheating on me with her guy friend, or had feelings for her guy friend, on her course who she was talking about and hanging out with a lot. I should note that she did introduce me to him, so it wasn't a secret that they were friends. 't top of this she had started to socially blossom after having social anxiety about various things, and was representing on uni boards. I was insecure about this because I was mostly lonely on campus, having dealt with stigma and insomnia etc. throughout. Bear in mind that I was still working through a lot of mental health issues and general insecurities at the time. Finally I thought that 'love' or something had 'cured' my depression, or rather that meds were giving me side-effects and it was worth the risk coming off to avoid these now I wasn't suicidal, and came off meds too soon, this led to a relapse.

She broke up with me shortly after this, citing the religious/cultural differences. I thought I was fine with that. Unsurprisingly I wasn't. I saw her a few times with her friend and automatically assumed the worst. She also invited me to a science fair one time and because of my ongoing sleep issue worsening I was no fun to hang out with (I think I'd started using late night porn to cope and wasted a lot of time writing long stressed-out screeds on the Internet at strangers like this) I then apparently snapped at her over texts, so she started NC. She came back for my graduation, but I said the wrong thing(?) and she thought that was snapping again, so she went NC again. 

3 months later (late 2014) a girl she knew back in school had killed herself, and she needed someone to talk to, she was also getting really stressed by uni. I went to visit her, check how she was, she appreciated it and she was clearly trying to reconcile friendship, said I made her feel relaxed and "I see God in you" (similar to Namaste I suppose.) I basically told her I still had feelings, plus a lot of unresolved issues, and I did want to hang out, but I didn't want my issues or feelings to interfere with her studies, she needed to focus on herself and her future. I meant to say that I hoped we could meet in the future when things calm down, but it was very emotional and I forgot. This came out in a bit of a "I'm not sure if I can do this" ambivalence during the meeting, so I think I upset her on the way home. She started saying stuff like I'd always ignored her in the after school club, spoke to her there but never asked to hang out otherwise, didn't I think that hurt her? (I was shy!) That I disappeared (I stopped going suddenly from the shame of the breakdown.) Finally when I texted her asking how she was the week after, she said that she "never even wanted to go out" and "got nothing out of any of it", along with that she'd been "ripped to shreds" and felt like "I've lost a piece of myself in you that I'll never get back." 

I also admitted that I may be asp, because she said "you don't understand me, that has always hurt me". I've since been diagnosed as indeed high-functioning ASD, but at this time it was speculation. She already knew about my depression, anxiety etc. so I didn't think she'd react the way she did. She basically told me to forget about everything she had said and said she had to go study now, ending the texts. After that it was always me initiating texts, checking how she was, with the exception of my birthday. She was always 'busy.' Over time this grew fewer and fewer, I was just making excuses to say happy birthday. 

I thought she was graduating in summer 2015, I was trying to reconcile, I 'bumped into' her on campus, I guess it was stalking... I confessed to what some of the stuff I was working through was (red pill…way back in 2013 some trolls who didn't like me had said I was 'too beta' and she was going to 'branch swing' i.e. dump me for a 'more alpha' hotter guy with less issues, hah). However it came out an anxious mess of emotional vomit over texts again. She did not react well to that lol. She said "you didn't understand me. I want you to delete this no. I cant deal with your abuse and constant false accusations. I only wanted to make you happy, please let me go" etc.  

edit: **I would like to clarify that I NEVER used ANY techniques from TRP on my ex, in fact I did not even read the sub until after we had broken up, I originally understood my anxieties as basically alpha male&gt;beta male. I would never hurt her, and tried to encouraged her NOT to be dependent on people**

Since I graduated in 2014 I've had a breakdown, I am out of work on sick leave, I only really go out of the house when I have to volunteer, my friends call me out to do something to avoid them getting worried, to go to the gym or to go shopping and keep Dad happy. I had to go back onto anti-depressants after she had cut me off and called me this. Sometimes I have took out my frustration on Dad, and then HE has called me abusive, which has just left me feeling more guilty, I have tried to apologise, make amends and change behaviour, the best way I know is to stay in my room and not interact with anyone. 

I was in the gym this evening for a workout, I noticed this pretty Indian girl on a Stairmaster, she reminded me of her. I kept glancing over wondering whether to talk but she's told me not to contact. She finished before me, walked past my treadmill on her way out and she left. My mind is fucked so what I now can see as: maybe she was flattered by the attention, maybe it wasn't her but another girl (she looked a little younger), was then; she (my ex) is gloating about the fact that she still has power over me. She's smirking and gloating inside because of how much of a loser her abusive ex boyfriend turned out to be. I imagine she is doing better than ever without me, and she can finally go out doing whatever the hell she wants now without asking her parents, perhaps she always could but I was holding her back (even though I encouraged her to be able to 'break free' in that sense, which she interpreted as disrespecting her family! couldn't win)  

I've just broken down on the roadside coming home from the gym, crying, went back to the gym sat down in the cafe and calmed myself down from panic attack (temperature, pins and needles, blood rush) ut I was getting funny looks from people (including another Indian girl reminding me of her again) so went back outside, cried on the kerb to the road leading to my road for a bit, walked over the main road a few times and finally came home. I've already embarrassed myself in the gym earlier this week, this time I had to finish my cardio early to avoid the uncomfortable feelings, last time I nearly tore my arms off because I started bawling and shaking over this in the middle of a set of lifting, I dropped the weights. People noticed, but they didn't come over to ask how I was, just looked at me bemused like "what a weirdo, what's up with him?" and left me to it 

No one is going to believe me because I'm pendulum swinging between taking care of myself and wanting to end things. Thing is my dad already considers me vulnerable, just last month he restrained me from leaving the house in my dressing gown after I'd hit myself. It's not like my parents don't know I've got issues. 

Just an hour ago I had vivid images of how I could end things, now I am home lying on my bed, I almost fell asleep, now I've gone down for a meal, now I want to watch porn. I can do lots of superficial things and get a quick dopamine boost but I don't feel fundamentally *happy*, in the internal peace sense, because I don't feel that I can emotionally connect meaningfully with anyone anymore, in case I hurt them.  

I'm so fucking frustrated because most problems can be solved. Lose weight: diet+exercise! Broke: get a job! How to X? Study and practice! etc. But I can't solve this one. I feel like she has invalidated my entire moral compass. I am trying to redeem myself, I try to help people, to teach guide and advise, I became an amateur relationships counsellor for another site helping young women build up their self esteem and leave their own abusive relationships.  

There is in fact an abuse helpline in the UK, called Disrespect Nobody. Among others. However I'm a little scared. The law here has changed so I'd be jailed for 5 years now if they decided I was abusive. I think that;s highly likely because there's a lot of bias towards women as victims with these things. And if I wasn't abused then that means she's the abuser, which she is not, although that last comment fucked me up. I feel awful just typing this out because I literally just Googled a page on 'ways to find out if your SO is using depression as an excuse for abusive/controlling behaviour' and it stings. Do I control? The only way I can find out is to turn myself in. If I am going to die, I want it to be on my terms, it's the one thing I have control over. I don't want to deal with prison rape…again, I am a coward

Also my parents will be really annoyed that I go to jail or rehab. I'll likely be kicked out of my dad's. Then I think I'm a total pussy because I'm talking about ending things yet worried what my parents think about this! I'm 23 years old. My life felt out of control before I dated her and before the breakup in ways, now I don't even have control over my conscience. 

If things are to end then I have an idea. I will tai a train out of town and go to a place in a city I know of. Climb to the top, take one last look out of the beautiful sky then fall gracelessly. The world is beautiful I am not, so I hope the view will nice. If I am still good then I will move to a better place. If I am truly a bad person I'll be going to hell. And if I'm a fool for believing in religion then I will simply have cardiac arrest from the impact and shock of the fall and that will be that.

But they cannot end. I want this pain to go away somehow and I can't even do that. I have to keep up the pretence of being OK. They're expecting me to go get a job and be useful when no one can provide me salvation. I'll keep trying to redeem myself and have to hide this whiney martyr complex day after day knowing I'm damned either way. Every time I think about this my IQ drops 30 points

tl;dr 

* Ex called me abusive, I really hurt her with my insecurities and paranoia (relationship ended nearly 2 years ago, she told me not to contact her again last summer)

* No longer sure I'm a good person. I did everything I could to help her as she did me, depression still won in the end and tore us apart, not just as a couple but as friends, which hurts more really... 

* Guilt and shame is getting in the way of daily functioning (e.g. today's gym breakdown, breakdown earlier this week in the gym, DSH in front of Dad last month, I am crying a lot and in public, can't hold down a job, avoiding socialising mostly, not getting much sunlight)

* have tried to redeem myself by helping others but the stigma and shame won't budge. Some scars never heal? 

* See no way out, just having to suck it up, can't even end things because it'll hurt my family and make me an even shittier person. Having to numb myself

* Therapists think that my guilt is disproportionate for what I've done (less systematic emotional abuse, more young adult insecurity) and encouraged me to let it go. I still can't. Could go to one of the abuse helplines for rehab, but will probably be jailed for being a former abuser due to new laws, which include stuff like 'false accusations'  as a form of emotional abuse, they're biased towards interpreting stuff men report as misogyny, I'm afraid of prison rape, and shaming family... 

* I didn't mention this but I'm also fed up of just being socially behind everyone else and treated like a child. I think even the doctors, nurses and receptionists at the surgery are getting tired of my shit.