Sex made me hate humanitySex made me hate humanity. It’s so simple, we pretend we have this culture, this society, this group of people, we have this illusion of coherency, this mirage of togetherness. It’s not real. It’s not real in the slightest, it’s just a war behind the scenes instead of in front of your face. If this was nature, I would not be breeding, I would have been exiled and killed; point not lost on me, I know I need to die. It is simple, it is a part of the evolutionary process pinned inside of us, innate and as fundamental as the need to drink from a stream.

Sex made me hate humanity. It’s so obvious; it’s so fascinating, or it would be, if it wasn’t disgusting and sick. People say nature is perfect, beautiful, but nature is wrathful and disgusting. By all means, the genocide taking place across the planet is more indicative of nature than anything.

I don’t get it, for a while, our society was doing the right thing, we were evolving away from our animal roots, we were becoming civilized, we were becoming more than evil, and more than just base hormones and pheromones firing off, ruling over us. Not anymore; there is nothing here, my body is a vessel and it is torn and shredded, it is missing planks and is sinking. I am dying, I am drowning, and all that happens is you slowly inhale water and choke in public. No one cares; the opposite in fact, if you speak, people laugh, they fundamentally mock you. Everyone does. I understand now why men kill themselves. Personally, I am afraid of the death process, of jumping off a bridge and becoming a paraplegic, of shooting my face off but the brain surviving, but I want death more than anything. I stopped enjoy life years ago, when I realized I was going to be doing it all alone, and I’d have to be around a bunch of people pretending this is fun. I bet if you are a part of it, if your effort mattered, and make no mistake, if your body is wrong, your effort is halved – at best--, then it might be worth it, but it is not. I am alone, nothing I have ever done worked. I am an idiot, a disgusting flesh blob attractive and worthy of touch to no one. Tried all the suggestions, tried all the methods, just joined groups and saw how much more attractive apparently everyone is than me; can barely get people to look in my eyes or open their mouths toward me, anything actually intimate will never happen again.

If I was a monster I would totally lash out. I get that, I sympathize with it because I understand the immense pain other people clearly put them through, but I will not do similar, because it won’t solve anything. I’m too logical; it’s why I hate people, they’re only logical when it helps them. I get it, we’re all self-involved beasts, no one “deserves” anything, that’s why attractive people deserve wonderful lives and ugly men like me deserve to slowly fall apart, lonely neurotic messes with muscles so tense they crack and pop as I walk, just begging for a finger to run down them, to let them loosen from HUMAN FUCKING TOUCH.

That’s why I’m going to kill myself. Make no mistake, I will, and the people around will go “well, what could we have done different?”

You could have given me a chance to be a human with you, but that’s way too much to ask. No amount of words will ever change human needs, either our society needs to adapt or many more men will kill themselves. I know that almost excites us, though. I shouldn't have said that, will probably just encourage it. It's like we get off, as a society, on male suffering.