Im tired of being a burden, suicide is starting to cross my mind 

I'm a senior in college (I graduate next semester) I'm 29 had always struggled with finishing my degree. I found out completely out of nowhere that my financial aid got taken away because I'm apparently "over credits".

I was given multiple emails stating I WAS going to receive financial aid and I even **called the financial aid office at my college** before my semester even started to make sure everything would be in order for me to have a smooth semester.

I waited 3 whole weeks for that money to come in and didn't even have money for food and was almost 2 months behind on my rent because of this. It got to the point that I was becoming extremely behind on my course-work because I didn't have money for my textbooks and course materials.

My family is very low income, my father has Parkinson's disease and has so much debt he can barely afford to live and my mother only makes about 25k a year. My family doesn't really have the means to help me and I can't even really have them co-sign any loans. My mother had to help me financially a lot this semester (eating less in order to send me money), I also work but only PT for the time being as I only have 1 semester left.

tbh, I did horrible this semester I haven't gotten my final grades back but I'm positive I failed at least half my classes due to the overwhelming financial stress this whole ordeal has been. I completely shut down this semester, I tried to focus on my coursework but I just had zero motivation, this entire semester I've constantly stress to pay my rent, and basic living expenses. I could barely commit to studying because I simply had no will power to.

The whole experience made me so emotionally upset because of how little my university cared about my situation they basically treated me like some f\*\* up. that on top of being surrounded by middle to upper-class students I feel so disconnected because I know most these students aren't dealing with as much as I am and it just infuriates me because I can see and obvious factor of these students successes in academia is mostly due to "mommy and daddy's money". If I simply got the $2000 loan I needed for my rent and materials the outcome of this semester would have been completely different.

I'm just trying to understand why I couldn't muster the will power to put effort into my studies. Could anyone help me out?