I don’t know really .. some thoughts I guessIt’s just really... having depression and anxiety really made me get an F in one of my college classes. I was trying my hardest this year I really was, graduated high school (which I never saw coming honestly after a first attempt in middle school) top 5 in my class, was feeling something close to content with life, and getting stuck at home was fine with my family to talk to but having to get stuck by myself in a college apartment with people who don’t care about me has been quite the reverser for me. I guess without the distraction of family and a sure schedule has made me regress back to the me who would sleep all day, and was starving themselves just to feel like she had control over one thing in life. I could barely focus with online classes (always been one to learn better upfront) and I just . I really checked out of life mentally for a good two weeks. Didn’t go to class, didn’t even leave my room I just slept all day and really only got up for 4 hours at most. I still felt really tired still like always. I was thinking of killing myself the second week early in September but I simply just got lazy and went back to bed that day. After a couple talks with friends and some 0s I swore I was gonna get better. But I just I screwed myself up again with a midterm and I had my worst anxiety attack before it, showed up to an already locked door and I seriously don’t remember how I got back to my dorm I was so in shock and dissociating. And now we’re back to square one again, except now the new feature is that instead of sleeping all day I’m getting two hours of sleep a day because I’m up all night just staring at the ceiling or at work I don’t wanna bother doing anymore. The only thing that hasn’t stopped me yet is the fact that my friends and family worry about me, and I’m still clinging onto the stupid little thought that I’ll be able to have all As after this and keep my scholarship and get into a good graduate school but I don’t really know. I didn’t mean to type this much but this has been in my head for months now and I don’t want to tell my friends that I’ve thought about killing myself again recently.. they just think I had been struggling with class and beating myself up over it.