Idk what’s wrong with me..19(M). First post, heard people spread love here, never the type to vent but here it goes..Some days I’m myself, some days I wanna die peacefully, some days I’m angry at the world, some days I’m not motivated and don’t wanna do anything and sometimes I’m up and energetic and ready to start the day. No I’m not bipolar, I wasn’t diagnosed nor do I see any crucial signs but my doctor said this could be signs of upcoming depression and I don’t wanna just throw that word out there, but I believe it. I’ve lost a handful of people in my life, dead or still alive, but I walk around like everything is all peachy, I’m numb to it. I never got the chance to be a kid when I was young, I had to see and handle grown man things so I still do childish and kid stuff here and there, who doesn’t? I can’t help it. I feel like I annoy everyone I get around, so I’m always quiet and my anxiety starts to act up. I can’t even talk to my parents without being slammed, my “friends” don’t really listen, I only hear “that’s crazy” or they switch the topic to themselves so I’m left with an unheard voice and a pained heart. My outside family such as “cousins” and all, they all hate each other and my family is basically segregated with one side not messing with that side over something dumb, so no help there either. Weed seems to be the only thing that keep me calmed from flipping out and finally raging but sometimes it doesn’t and I feel like upgrading to something harder like cough syrup and xans, but I know what’ll I’ll turn into. Someone mentioned maybe I’ve only ever experienced tough love and maybe I just need affectionate love, idk, please I just need to know what’s going on, I just wanna be in a better place than this, what it feels to be at peace and happy for once, I just wanna know I’m cared for you know? cuz if I’m not, what am I doing here? Advice isn’t needed if you don’t want to, ive been wanting to let out how I felt for years.. doing so is doing something already &lt;3, stay blessed everyone.