Sorry to waste everyone's time butI need to get this out to somebody, somewhere, and I can't discuss it with anyone else irl because it'll just upset everyone.

So last night I was at home getting drunk, thinking about the wedding I had attended earlier in the day, thinking about how I'm 24 years old, a virgin, never been in a relationship, and how I'll most-likely never love and be loved in the way that my friend (the bride) clearly is. So on a whim I grabbed a belt from my closet, cinched it around my neck and squeezed as hard as I could until I felt my vision starting to fade and the the blood rushing in my ears. I tried again and again, and even stopped to contemplate actually hanging myself properly in the garage, but I pussed out each time. So after a few attempts I removed the belt and resigned myself to crawling into bed and crying for a while.

I just don't know what to do anymore. The only thing I ever wanted in life was to get a "big girl" job, find a nice girl to marry, and settle down with some pets somewhere. But, apparently, that's way too much to ask for and God or the Universe or whatever cockblocks each and every attempt I make to improve myself enough to escape this hell. And as the years roll by and the failures pile up, I keep seeing myself drift closer and closer to a legitimate attempt on my own life. I've already resolved to end everything by 30 at the very latest if I'm still in this situation, which isn't as terrifying so much as it is morbidly comforting. I know "I'm young" and I "have plenty of time," but people just don't seem to understand how much the deck is stacked against you when you're a gay, inexperienced, introverted virgin in your mid-twenties. People who've had normal relationships and sex since they were in their teens never seem to understand how damaging it is to make it this long with nothing to show for it. I try and try, but every time I start crawling out of my hole I just slip back down again. My friends tell me they don't understand why girls don't want anything to do with me, and neither do I. I feel so helpless and I'm tired of hurting.

So yeah, now I'm sitting here with a sore throat and a headache, spewing this nonsense into the void in the hopes that someone will give a damn. I'm sorry to waste your time.