How can I kill myself without burdening other peopleI've been suicidal for quite some time and I walk around with a note in my wallet. People think I'm really successful in my career but its all bullshit and its nothing I'm passionate about. I fell in love with a guy who I was dating, and we broke up, which was fine, we stayed friends for much longer than we dated.  A few months ago he invited me to a party where he was the only person I knew, and everyone was very drunk, and I fell asleep on a futon with him. The whole party decided I was coming onto him and that me drunkenly falling asleep with my arm around him was "assault" even though I asked "is this ok" and he said it was fine. And it was cold. And I don't remember much else. But I'm a tiny girl I barely weigh 120 I dont know how I could have assaulted him but I feel awful every day since. 

its been months and I haven't been able to do anything. I cry every day. I feel that I was very depressed and unhappy before but now that guy is visiting my city and didnt even tell me he was coming, even though we've stayed semi-friendly. 

I dont feel suicidal because of him I just feel like this is the catalyst for something that I've been struggling with for a long time. I'm 27 I travel so much for work that I dont even know where I live anymore, and my friends are all scattered. Ive moved as high up in my company as I want to, and I hate it, and I want to quit, but if I do, I'm 27, Im too old to start a new career and what the fuck would I do anyways. I'd be broke. I am broke. 

In January my roommate passed away and his family thinks it was natural but I'm 90% sure he killed himself, but he had a lot of chronic illnesses so he had access to meds. Oh yea, I cant fucking get my insurance to pay for therapy so I'm done trying.

I want to kill myself and I'm sure of this, completely. But, if I jump in front of a train, then people's daily commutes get messed up and the train driver is scarred for life. If I hang myself, people have to find me. If I shoot myself, there will be tons of blood when they find me. If I take pills it may not work? I could jump off the GWB but people still have to find me and I dont want my death to inconvenience anyone

how do I do this
