Hi. I just failed to end my life, and would like to discuss where to go from here.Hello, whoever is reading this. 

I [21M] have recently returned home from what has become the longest walk of my life. About five hours ago I tried and failed to successfully hang myself in the wilderness a few miles from my house.

There has been no real history of self-harm or suicise attempts made in my life before - yes, I have been upset at loss before - but I have never manifested my depression in a physical form such as suicide. 

In the last six months I have experienced the following events (in no order): the ending of my 18-month engagement, the loss of my long-standing family cat (of 14 years), the suicide of a distant family member last November, the loss of my job through stress/extraneous factors, two physical fights with both a stranger and a friend, and severe alcohol dependency. 

At the turn of the new year a friend and I decided to try and turn our lives around, and aspire to greater things to get ourselves out of our respective situations (she had also been split up with, and had lost three family members in the past 12 months). Over January we both felt absolutely on top of the world, achieving wonderful leaps and bounds in what we wanted to do. 

Ultimately though in the last two weeks I have felt like I am getting nowhere. I can't get even part-time work, my ex-fiancé hasn't made good on promises to return certain items and money, I have lost a lot of friends due to them not knowing how to handle talking with me, and I have taken up drinking more and more without realising it. 

I still wish to end my life, and cannot currently see things getting any better, even over a long-term period. I am hoping there is somebody here who can talk through this with me. I am not looking necessarily to be talked down from my stance, or dissuaded, but I need an unbiased ear - mostly because there is no-one else and I don't want to bring my close friend into this as she has progressed so well and made something of herself. 

Many thanks. 

EDIT: To everyone who has commented, thank you all. You have given me so much support, just in reading your words and beginning to follow the advice given here. I'm now getting ready to attend AA and cut alcohol out of my life. It hasn't been easy to see past everything that has happened yet, but I'm trying my very best. I will in time get round to responding to you all individually, because I would like to thank you all personally. It's going to be a long road ahead, but the journey will be worth it. 