Too Sick of Waiting for Good ThingsI'm 19 years old, never been kissed, had a boyfriend, currently have no real friends. I live alone. I have a bad relationship with my parents. I've been through some devastating things and I am just so damn lonely. I got kicked out of a very good college for a reason so ridiculous that most people don't even believe me. And my parents don't care about me enough to fight the administration. I can't emphasize enough how lonely I am. I have been waiting for about 6 years now for things to get 'better', for me to find people who accept and love me, to have some fucking fun and live life like a normal and happy young adult.

It seems like I was for some reason randomly chosen to be doomed for life...I have had constant bad luck, no one who likes me, no one to connect with. I'm a little shy and unconfident but very smart, very attractive &amp; actually work as model, I'm very nice and nonjudgmental, a good listener, yet have had no boyfriend and girls don't seem to pursue me as a friend even when I'm friendly...I am so sick of waiting to find people to dig me out of this lonely rut. I love reading, playing music, watching films, writing...this stuff has saved me and helped me a lot but it's just not enough anymore. I can't find a reason to go on without anyone who really loves me. Life is worthless without real human connection. Why do I have such an unlucky and sad life? I truly don't understand. I feel like it's just a message that I should leave. I've been contemplating it for SO long but that little voice that says "It'll get better, you'll find love, you'll find friends" is just exhausting because I really don't believe it now. I don't even know why I'm posting this...and by the looks of this thread people don't tend to get many responses anyway. But I just need to let this out because I've never really said it out loud. I just can't stop asking, "Why?".

I think it's going to happen this week. The pain is so much...it really just all stems from loneliness. 