I've been a victim of rape and sexual abuse, AND now I realize Im Also an abuser and I want to end itI'm a woman. I've been thinking about the ways I've been sexually abused and I realized that I have dome some terrible similar things. I feel like a failure, an impostor. 

When I was 16 I had a boyfriend. He broke up with me. I was an emotional mess because of the bullying I suffered, the domestic violence my mom, my sister and I suffered because of my step father, and the sexual abuse I has recently been a victim off.

WE were both at a party. I got drunk. We went to a separate room to talk, and I started crying. We hugged and kissed AND I was soon on top of him. I told him i didn't want him to leave me. At one moment he said he wanted to leave. I didn't want to be alone. I held him begging him not to leave me. He couldn't leave. So at one moment he pushed me in order to leave the room. I slapped him in front on everyone. 

After that I apologized and we became friends. 

A year later WE were both really drunk and I was trying to kiss him and I passed out drunk on top of him, he tried to remove me but couldn't. He had to yell to get some friends to make me leave. I don't remember any of this. The next day we were together drunk AND we were foreplaying but nothing happened. The very next day we were also drunk and I asked him if he wanted me to blow him. He was hesitant but he said yes so I blew him but asked me to stop so I did. He later fingered me but he didn't feel confortable so he stopped. Then we just sat and we laughed. I remember I asked him if I could borrow his phone because I wanted to phone my mom. He told me jokingly that I had to blow him first and we laughed.

I feel terrible because I feel like I forced him since he was hesitant. The fact that he joked about It later makes me think that It was consensual but at the same Time I feel like maybe he didn't know how to react, that maybe I did forced him. Maybe I did hurt him. And I did hurt him before.

After this WE continued being friends. A few months later he called me while being drunk AND told me that the night I blew him he didn't want to continue because of his religious beliefs (sex until mariage). He told me he wanted to do it but at the same time he didn't because he though It was wrong. I told him It didn't matter anymore AND that I understood His reasons. 

This makes me feel horrible. I truly feel like a rapist. Then he told me that he would have liked to have sex with me if I hadn't had sex with another person that same week. 

WE continued being friends after this. I stopped drinking and using. I moved to another country. Started college. 

One day we were talking over Messenger. We were talking about all of this. I apologized for everything, for the ways I used to be, the ways I hurt him.

He said I messed up all those times. He talked about that one time I passed out on top of him and had to be lifted by some friends in order to make me go. He said he didn't want to do anything at that time and that I messed up.

We continued talking normally. Being friends, we saw each other. He's in a happy and healthy relationship. He seems happy.

But his past 3 years we grew appart.

I've been recently thinking about the sexual abuse and rape I was a victim of.

I learned about safe sex, consent, abuse. 

But thinking of the ways I have been a victim of all of this, made me realize I have been violent and a horrible person. Thinking that I have done the same things that have made me suffer to someone else. I feel terrible AND I deserve it.

I recently wrote him. We talked a bit about how we were doing. He's still with his girlfriend, he seems happy. He said he's glad I'm doing fine. 

But I still feel terrible about the ways I've been. I can't help but feel that i'm a rapist AND a sexual abuser. I've gone to therapy and seen a psychiatrist. I've shared this with my current partner, and another ex. They both said I was young and wrong, but that I can't keep thinking about it, and that I have grown. Ok, I hear that, but it doesn't justify it, nothing does. And ok, maybe I've changed, but that doesn't change the past. 

I feel guilt. I feel like an impostor. I know I deserve all of this feelings. This Is nothing compared to what I have done. I just want everything to end. I don't know what I can do. 

I feel like I deserve everything that has happened to me. I want to die. 


I can't stop thinking about this, having nightmares, obsessing, reliving every moment I have suffered and made someone suffer. I just want to die