I was born inferior. I just want to put an end to my misery.I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm gay. I was bullied throughout secondary school because of this and no one would give a fuck. My classmates would just watch as my bullies aggravated me and my teachers would blame me for acting that way and do nothing about it. (I still have no idea what it was that gave it away. Perhaps I was acting too feminine?) That, and my entire family is homophobic. They believe that homosexuality is a choice and therefore unnatural. In fact, my grandfather even once quipped that it is a mental illness that deserves to be punished by death as it hampers reproduction. Little did he know that I happened to be one of them.

It seems to me as if we're under constant scrutiny from society. As a result, I've come to resent straight people and it's taking a huge toll on me. I can't help but feel a pang of envy when I see straight couples because they remind me of who I am. I know this is wrong and it probably makes me an absolutely despicable person. But I can't help it. I'll never be able to kiss or hold hands with my partner in public without being leered at, say, or verbally attacked. I'll never be able to have my own children. I'll never be able to relate to heterosexual people in terms of how they live. For example, I've never caught on to the heterosexual banter and sex jokes that are virtually ubiquitous in society, and I feel like I'm being looked down upon because of it. I feel like I am different from and, by extension, inferior to me. They don't have to go through all the trouble of coming out and being in denial about their sexuality lest they be shunned by their friends and family. They are not prosecuted and frowned upon by dint of their sexuality in a whole host of countries and cultures. I should also like to mention that since virtually all people are straight, they have considerably less trouble meeting a partner. It is safe for them to assume that the person they like is straight, just like them. They don't have to make an effort to ascertain their sexuality beforehand. By contrast, every guy I've been attracted to turned out to be straight. In summary, they can practise their sexuality unhindered. As for me, it's almost as if I'm handicapped. I feel left out. That is to say, I'm not privy to the lifestyle shared by heterosexual people, and I'll never be. I might be overgeneralising things, but like I said, I can't help it. I do apologise if anyone takes offence.

What's more, I'm an ethnic minority. More specifically, I'm Russian-Jewish. Which is probably one of the most hated and undesirable ethnic groups out there. My classmates would continuously crack Holocaust jokes about me and my family. I've been spat at for wearing a Jewish necklace in public. Isn't it funny how I have to conceal my ethnicity just to be entitled to one of the most basic human rights?

No, I don't believe in acceptance. Not anymore, at least. It's all bullshit in my book. If people were truly accepting, they would've stood up for me or at least apologised for that matter. My former bullies are now the very people who profess their allegedly unalloyed support for the LGBT community on social media. I don't believe a single word of theirs. The hypocrisy is absolutely staggering. I'm sick and tired of their contrived empathy. I'm aggrieved that they're exalted by society when, in fact, it's obvious that they couldn't give two flying monkeys about the likes of me.

I'm about to leave for a nearby train station so I can jump in front of a train and die in an instant as my body won't be able to withstand the ensuing impact. I have no qualms with leaving everything behind. Frankly, I couldn't care less at this point. I'm past my prime anyway. There's no margin for self-improvement for me.

Needless to say, I lost the genetic lottery. I've been sidelined all my life. As a matter of fact, I was born inferior to everyone else. Please do not try to cajole me otherwise. I'm convinced that I have no self-worth whatsoever, and I'm probably just bound to be miserable.

I hope this is goodbye.