Am I Suicidal or do I Just Want Attention?Hi,

So I’m 22 now. Last year I willingly sent myself to a mental health facility for evaluation bc I was super unbelievably depressed. I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. They sent me home 5 days later with a $5000 medical bill and not even an explanation as to what that was or how to fix it (besides therapist/psychiatrist recommendations). While I was there, I had tantrums, complete anger fits- not because I’m crazy or bc I do that in public regularly, but because I wanted them to see what was going on inside of me. Instead of holding it in like usual and internalizing my sadness and anger, I wanted to make sure they didn’t overlook it so they could truly fix me. 

Now I still think about suicide a lot. I research it pretty regularly. I guess I want to figure out if I’m really depressed or if I just want attention. It sounds weird, I know. I mean I don’t want to die, but I constantly obsess over it- WHY can’t I just go through with it? I mean I don’t want to die. Seriously, I’d much rather live and be happy but I don’t see that in my future so I go back to siicidal thoughts- almost fantasizing about it. But every time my thoughts take me to the same place: someone finding me, taking me to the hospital where I’m saved and don’t die. Then getting real treatment, people showing they care, and me ultimately becoming happy. You see, I clearly don’t WANT to die, so am I suicidal? 

I think because of this, I’ve created a second thought process where I just spontaneously shoot myself in the head or take a bunch of pills in the very moment I have the idea or urge to avoid talking myself out of it. That way, the thought doesn’t end with me wanting to be saved. So I can’t talk myself out of it or lose motivation by the time my thoughts stop wandering. , but that idea just leads to so many “what if’s” and questions about what really happens after death- does everything just seize to exist. Like everything that was my- my conscious, my emotions, my memories just vanish right there and fade to such nothingness the human psyche can’t ever comprehend it? Will I be reborn elsewhere and have a second chance to live a happy life? And by the end, I’ve gotten so off track and caught up in these thoughts, I lose any motivation to think about suicide anymore. Does this make sense?! I’m losing my mind.

Not to mention, when my friends try to tell me they’re depressed, my emotions feel so mixed. I get angry inside. Like NONE of you made/make ANY effort to check on me or talk to me yet you have the audacity to come to me about your problems still? Then I can’t help but feel a little... jealous... like that they think they can feel what I feel. Like my depression is all I have left... like it defines me or something and if anyone can feel this way, what do I really have left... what makes me special, what is my purpose? That sounds so stupid, I know but it’s how I feel for some reason. Then I start feeling guilty. Like I really fucking am hurting inside and I don’t want anyone to have to feel what I’m feeling so I still try to provide emotional support and hide my anger. And it just feels like every time this happens I’m tearing out another piece of myself and using it to fill the holes in their heart. If I’m there for everyone else who never seems to reciprocate shit, who is going to be there for me? Who is going to fucking save me when I need it?

Who would? I mean my depression has taken my personality, my energy, so much so that I feel it defines me enough to get JEALOUS when someone else feels the same way??? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME?!?! But again, I don’t WANT to die. I obsess over the thought but think maybe I just want the attention of knowing I matter enough to someone for them to save me. But if they only want to save me because they feel my life rests in their hands at that moment, is it really me they want to save or their own ego? I’m so confused, it’s all so contradicting. I can’t even be fucking suicidal right LMAO.

Anyways, I went off in a tangent but my question, essentially is... am I suicidal or just wanting attention? Please don’t comment with any sympathy or advice. Nobody can feel worse for me than I feel for myself and already know any advice you could possibly give so please save the lectures for someone who really needs it and is more willing to receive it.

Thanks!