I want to be a better person, but what I've done in my past won't let meI've kept this secret for several years, and I don't know if I can admit it to anybody without getting some kind of comment telling me I do deserve to die, and I feel if I told my family members I would just make them feel they should disown me. I'm 22, turning 23 in less than a month, and up until a year ago, I've done things that I think most people would discard as something that should put me in jail for life. Just for clarity, I haven't killed anybody, but what I did do feels close if not deserves the same sentence. I've said terrible, nasty things to people, and it was all to fuel my own twisted fantasies. I never wanted to hurt anybody, and I never felt like I talked somebody into something on purpose (none of it irl, this was all through online chatting), but I've gotten to the point of regret so much, that I tried killing myself over it about a month after I was kicked out of my friend group after word spread around. I feel like what I did was so immorally wrong that I'm just past the point of redemption. I don't want to end up in a psych ward for it either, because I already know and knew these things are awful, but I did it anyways because I didn't think I would get caught, and I did. Luckily, my ex-friends agreed as long as I seeked help and fixed myself they could just leave it at that, but for the last year I've just sat on my ass, jobless and scared that I might not be able to make it into a better place when I die. If there's a hell, I feel like there's a strong possibility that I might burn.  It's been a while since my last attempt, and I don't plan on doing it again anytime soon, but every day when I think I might be getting better, my demons remind me of who I used to be, and I feel like it's impossible to kill that side of me. That awful, demented, deranged side that still haunts me to this day. I want out, and I feel like if I don't find some sort of resolve, I might slip back into my suicidal tendencies in another year or so. I don't even know if I'll find an answer on this reddit,  I just want to hope that there's somebody out there like me that might be able to help me find a new life. A life worth living. Because right now I don't see the hope, and I can't forgive myself if I can't get forgiveness from the people I've hurt and used.