Did you ever “set the date” for the far future, like I (F29) did as a kid?TLDR: my abbreviated psychological history, plus a question: has this happened to you? Involves self harm and suicidal thoughts originating around helplessly strenuous relationships. 


I never set an exact date, and I only sort of remember what went into the decision making process, but I made the decision that I would end my own life when I was very young. 12, maybe? 13? I had always thought of 40 as “the time.” In a month I’ll be 30. 

I was a weird kid with a dark imagination, but I was never really depressed until college. One day when I was 20 I just woke up and something was wrong. I sought treatment immediately and was prescribed Wellbutrin. About a year later I stopped taking the pills because of an outside influence who did not believe in such medicines and who, at the time, had convinced me of the same. I think that’s close to when the “episodes” started. 

I began to lose friends, and many of them asserted that it was because of the way I’d behaved in the past coupled with some new slight I’d recently perpetrated. I once lost 3 very close friends over a cat. 

My relationship with my boyfriend at the time was also melodramatic. I would scream at him to leave and then chase him down the street barefoot, in tears, begging him not to leave me. After a few of these, a quick google search suggested Borderline Personality Disorder. In my reading about it, I thought of my grandmother, and my little brother. I was so sure this was it, but the prognosis wasn’t good. I did get a therapist, ultimately could not afford it, and this resulted in added stress and worsening episodes. After some time it became clear that my episodes were more, and worse, in the winter. 

At 23 I moved to the southwest, where the sky is big and usually blue. A city, but a very small one with many very tight-knit communities, my family included. I should’ve been better there by most accounts, and for a little while maybe I was. After a tearful, screaming argument with my mom, I moved in with a coworker, my superior, who lived further away. That relationship also soured in a matter of months, after too many drinks and a (consensual) threesome between myself, my superior, and her much younger boyfriend. 

I moved again, even further away but not out of the city, and began a relationship with a member of the local music scene. Our relationship was especially tumultuous because we both had (have?) pretty severe drinking problems and equally quick tempers. Our arguments were particularly intense, and I behaved in ways I didn’t even think I was capable of. He frequently slept with other women, whom I knew from the community, but I couldn’t stand the thought of being alone. I sometimes cut myself, usually during one of these arguments, and I banged my head against walls. We had the police called on us multiple times. Other members of the community became aware, our parents became aware. It was messy. 

Eventually I decided that I just needed to get gone, and I registered at a graduate school on the east coast. This relationship was also pretty codependent, and so despite my firm decision to leave, the boyfriend ultimately wiggled his way into my plans. It was disastrous. I called a suicide helpline from the roof of our building on one occasion. Our arguments became violent. He began a new affair with a coworker and during the resulting argument he simply had me removed by officers for an involuntarily psychiatric evaluation. Turned out he had never put my name on our lease, and told me he did. I was evaluated and sent home that evening, but the psychiatrist insisted I had to leave. 

I moved again, further away but not out of the city, and after about a year I began a new relationship. This one was lovely and I was treated very well, but the episodes began again come winter. I drank intensely whenever I could be alone. I isolated myself so that I could drink more often. Ultimately I feigned a suicide attempt, sometime in February. By that I mean I drugged myself, but I didn’t believe I had killed myself. I think I just wanted to hurt and for someone to notice. This boyfriend contacted my family, helped me to get back on medication, and was supportive for a couple of weeks before that relationship ended. At the time it seemed to be for an unrelated reason but I’m not sure anymore. 

A couple of weeks later I was approached in public by a drug dealer selling high quality psychedelics. I started taking these regularly. A couple of weeks after that I was contacted by an old friend from high school who wanted to visit. He and I began a relationship, against my better judgement, and have taken these drugs together many times. I think we may have become codependent, he’s living with me now. He does not drink, and limits his drug use strictly to psychedelics, so his presence has, in some ways, stemmed my frequently reckless behavior. Still, the episodes continue. We argue, I’ll demand that he leaves and yet, if he does, I’ll lose my mind. I’m noticing it worsening now that the days are getting shorter, and today I cut myself again for the first time in years. Suicide weighs heavy on my mind, although I know I don’t want to die today. 

All of this is to say, these thoughts have followed me around for years, and seem to be growing steadily stronger. It’s beginning to feel real, like I need to start making a plan, but that’s as far as I’ll let myself think. I don’t want to think these things. I know it would destroy my family in more ways than one, and I don’t want to do this to them. I’m just beginning to think I see the end of the road. 

Can anyone relate? Did you have a “date” and survive it? How? Did the thoughts ever subside or did they continue to grow in your mind? Have you found any reason to change your mind? Please share anything you think could be helpful, I’m a sponge. 

Thanks for reading this.