I don't know what to do so I'll just express what I feelOkay so I'm a 19 year old male, I'm still in high school because I failed at my exam last year.

I'm not really good to express my feelings but I'll try to express them in this text and... I don't know, I'm totally lost. I don't even know where to start.

Okay so I'm in last year of high school, and I promised myself that this year I would pass my exam but I'm losing my motivation and I feel like I can't do anything anymore.

I see and hear people in my head that are not here, they talk to me when I'm not with real people. Sometimes they're mean and sometimes they just keep me company. Even if they can confort me and help me in some ways, the fact that I know they're not real and that it's just my mind creating them, it hurts. I feel extremely lonely but at the same time I'm never alone.

Sometimes, I feel like I can't control my body, sometimes I'm totally down and I can't even move, I'm just like... A machine turned off. In those moments, my mind is going so fast and energic, but my body doesn't follow. I can talk to those people in my head, but I can't do anything, literally, I can't even have an expression on my face. Even if I'm happy, I can't smile because my body doesn't want to, so I become sad.

Sometimes, my body can move, but I feel like when my body is awake, my mind is sleeping. I can't control my moves, my words, I can't think. I feel like being a sleep walker, but awake. But with a non-working mind. I don't know.

Sometimes I laugh. But I don't know why. In those moments, I don't want to laugh. Because I can't breathe properly and it hurts my muscles. And the most important : I don't know why I am laughing. I laugh for no reason. And it hurts me.

Sometimes I'm angry, but I don't know why. I, many times, hurt myself because I was angry. Like, once, I was angry and my body wanted to break something. It decided to break the table, but it broke my hands instead. It hurt. I don't harm myself, but I do hurt myself because my body just wants to express emotions that I don't feel and it's just going like shit.

Most of the time I feel like I'm not strong enough to do anything. When I need to study and do my homeworks, because I need to pass my exam and get to university, I feel like my body doesn't want to and is just blocking me from doing anything, so my mind decides to spend more time finding excuses for not doing my homework than actually doing them.

Also, I'm gay. But like, really gay. And my family is the most homophobic family I've ever seen. My brother is the only one to support me on that. I can't come out and I'm constantly teased by my family because I can't get a girlfriend. They always compare me to my older brother who has a girlfriend, who had his exam at the first try, who is way more good-looking and who can speak fluently 3 languages while I'm the single boy who failed and who is struggling with the foreign languages and that is the lonely ugly boy that nobody wants.

I have a dog. She's really nice. Way too much nice. But she doesn't like me because I used to be really mean to her. I try my best to be as nice as she was with me for her 6 years of life. I try my best to take care of her as much as I can. But I don't think I'm good enough anyway.

My brother always tried to help me but he also have his own problems to deal with so I shouldn't bother him with that. He doesn't care about what our family says but he doesn't have to always be by my side, I understand, but he's the only one person that can help me with that. But he should take care about himself first.

At school, I don't know anybody. I don't talk to anyone but there is that girl in my class that is bullying me. She creates rumors on me and she always tells me that if nobody's watching, she'll beat me up. I hate her. But I can't do anything because I'm not strong enough. I don't even have the strength to go talk to the people in my high school, I feel like everyone around me is either ignoring me, either looking at me as the weird kid that nobody wants to talk to. I can easily talk in chats like with people with messages and stuff but I can't talk with words. 

I also feel like everything I do is wrong. I can't think before talking or doing. I can't control myself and I can't control everything that is going on with my life. I don't know what to do. Maybe I'll find help here. I'm lost.