Just thoughts..I think ive come to my final decision. As much as i want to kill myself, believe me i do. As much as i want to join you and be with her for all of eternity. As much as I 100% want to die, kill myself and forever spend eternity with you. I can't. I can't knowingly put my family, my friends, the people that would be effected by my suicide. I can't knowingly put them through the tsunamis of pain, the mental earthquakes that has shaken me to the core, that has destroyed the pillars of support that held me together.

The ones that your decision sent my way. The ones that cause me to be completely and utterly terrified of waking up in the morning because I know I have to spend another day knowing she isn't here on this earth. Knowing that she isn't alive anymore. That she is dead. The ones that cause me to stop breathing for moments on end. The ones that cause my mind to go numb, the endless waterfall of tears and the darkness that envelopes my mind  when I think about your death. Your suicide. 

The decision that has led my life to spiral since your death, the one that have led me to coming to the brink of taking my own life as well in hopes of joining you. In hopes of being with you again. I will forever spend my life wishing i had taken my life during the times i could have. Wishing that i had made that step when i had the choice. 

No matter how wrong i thought your choice was. No matter how much I know I could have given you the help you needed. No matter how much i resent your decision for not only not telling me about this decision but also for following through with it. Yet I could never resent you. I could never resent the loving, caring, loyal and beautiful soul that was wrongfully blanketed in darkness. The one that hated herself and felt that she was only living for the sake of others. The one that couldn't see the beauty and perfection of which I saw. The kindness and goodness of your heart that your clouded eyes could not see. I can only say I am truly happy that you are not living this life you hate, the life which others corrupted and destroyed, the life you never deserved but was forcefully given it. The one that caused you astronomical amounts of pain and misery to the point where you could not see an escape. I am glad you don't have to suffer anymore. Because I love you, because i love you more than words could even express. 

So i have decided i will harbour your pain. I will spend hours trying to fall asleep but eventually waking up in the early hours of the day crushed by your absence. I will spend every waking moment in sadness in despair, grieving over your loss. I will spend every time I wake up fucking exhausted and cowering in fear that I am not living a nightmare but a reality without you in it. I will spend my life in hopes forever in love with you. Forever wishing you told me. Forever wishing I had been able to save you. Forever forcing myself to march on no matter how much i want to join you. 

I will wake up everyday in hopes that I will die today. In hopes that I will finally join you. I am not saying that your decision is selfish. Because it's not. You were in so much pain and misery that you couldn't stand it anymore. However knowing the effects that a decision like yours can cause, I cannot do it. It will never be goodbye, just a see you soon. Just a brief break. 

Till we meet again. Forever yours. Forever my love. N.C. 