Feeling hopeless again.There's so much background to why I feel the way I do that I wouldn't know where to start. What triggered me now however, is that I received an asperger diagnosis yesterday. I didn't get any sleep last night, I was googling all over the place. On the way home, my mom asked that I should get the test / questionaire that I had received, for the rest of the family too. She kept mentioning examples of how there'd have to be something wrong with everyone then, and that you couldn't determine anything from 50 questions. I scored 42/50 after going through all of the questions with this woman who is supposed to be a specialist on the field. She had also read my journal, with a record of years of depression and anxiety, all the way back to when I dropped out in 7th grade.

I missed 2 years of school and still graduated with higher than average grades, in all subjects but chemistry. I since then tried attending what would be considered high school twice, each time dropping out after 1-2 months due to not being able to function in the class. I felt so god damn awful whenever we had to do group work, and the guidance was limited. I just wanted to go home and sit at my computer and play, or talk to people online. The only place where I feel like I wouldn't sound stupid, where I could be me.

Skipping to the main point; I've many times wanted to relieve my family of the burden I feel like I'm causing, but that feeling really got strengthened today when I felt like my mom hated me. She said that the past 6 years have been hell because of the boyfriends that I've had (3) - and since apparently I don't remember anything fun that she and I did together (ever), what had it even been good for?

I felt angry because my mom made me refuse an asperger diagnose when I was 13, due to her telling me I was nothing like it and that it'd ruin my future chances. I'm angry thinking that maybe there's something to it, and she just doesn't want to have that oddball daughter. Depression is perfectly acceptable as it's something you can get over, but autism would mean I wasn't normal. At the same time, I feel shameful for possibly not being the daughter my mom wanted. I just want her acceptance - she's the only person that ever stuck around. I have no childhood friends whatsoever. I suck at keeping friendships, because I tire easily and get exhausted. I never finished an education, and the one 4 week job test I did in December last year, had me resolve to self-harm and being unable to anything for the following 2 months, I just wasn't able to cope mentally. My mom urged me to get extra hours / days during those 4 weeks, despite me telling her that the 2 days of 4 hours a week stressed me out really hard. One day I had met up at the workplace (local store), and apparently everyone was in a meeting room somewhere. I almost broke down after trying to find someone to help me for the first 10 minutes. That was my first try at a real work place. The boss was awfully nice, he even said they'd love to have me back there. Hearing that was great - but I had tried to so hard for those 4 weeks to keep up a facade. Because I'm bad with social interaction, I don't take breaks, and I try to work harder than others to make up for it. I wouldn't be able to keep up with being like that, even though I'd love to, because it's awesome to get praised and feeling you're doing something good. I didn't go out at all during the weeks I had work, I was tired constantly after getting home.
I was promised a work place in the country that my boyfriend lives in if I did good in the job test - but due to falling into depression afterwards, they (welfare system here, I don't know what to call them) cancelled that plan for the time being.

Now I have so many worries, and no one I feel like I can confide in. I keep contemplating taking all of the pills I have saved throughout months. I really don't know what to do to get my mom to love who I am, and not blame me for how I acted when I was in my teens - I don't even remember. It's so frustrating not to remember anything, I forgot birthdays, friends, trips, everything that used to have value. Her saying those things didn't matter since I don't remember hurt a ton to hear. Lately I feel like the things I experience from mid-day onward is experienced by a person I view from the outside, and that's the way I remember it in the morning - but then soon forget again. 

Now I'm just sitting in my room wondering what the hell to do. It feels like no matter what I do for my mom, she doesn't appreciates it and always comes around to make me feel bad for how much she did for me when I was younger. I know she did a lot, even if I don't remember every single occasion or thing. Is there some sort of limit on love / support that I don't know of? Just because I'm 23? I feel so abandonded, especially after getting this diagnose and her not seeming to care or agree. What if it's wrong? What if I'm just some introvert that's sensitive to loud sounds and talking? I don't know what to do with myself anymore, considering that even my mom seems to think that I'm just a dread, what's the point? 

And something I feel really guilty about that I do remember. I've said things that were straight up rude to my mom if we were arguing out of hurt, because I saw everyone saying online that people would miss you if you commited suicide (when I was younger). So I figured if that was the case, if I was hated or disliked, no one would miss me, and no one would be hurt. I deeply regret many of the things I have said now, let along things I believe I should have done. I was comfortable within my frames, if she tried to get me out of them or change the things were, I'd basically throw a tantrum, because how was that fair? (I understand the situation better today, but I didn't then)

I still remember the look on my mom's face in the hospital when I was 13 and tried to OD due to someone I considered my friend telling me to go rot in hell - turned out it was "just a joke". I was crying like mad, asking her what she was thinking. She just kept looking into the air and didn't respond, with this really cold stare. It hurt me so much to think that she didn't care, or worse.