Same Shit Different YearI don't care about myself. Well, this is mostly true. I suppose it's more accurate to say that I don't care enough to change myself. I generally don't believe in an external locus of control, but I don't believe the concept is entirely without merit. I believe that you are in control of shaping your life; it's as if you start with a slab of clay, and you can mold it into whatever you like (with a proviso). If you start with bad clay, however, there is only so much you can do. You can only play the hand you are dealt: no re-deals. My hand sucks, and there's little I can do about it: it appears that I should fold. The metaphorical clay that I have started with is hideous. I have a lack of social skills because I have autism spectrum disorder (formerly called Asperger's), I'm bipolar, impulsive, and unattractive. I don't see how I would be desirable to anyone for any good reason, be it an employer, a woman, or a friend. The one true friend of mine has something wrong with him too, though not as bad as me. I have no clue how I got the job that I have. My boss told me at my last review that he was very close to letting me go. I keep doing things that are wrong. Sometimes I talk back, sometimes I fixate on a particular solution, sometimes I do things that are unsafe, and sometimes I do things that my boss's boss doesn't like but he doesn't tell me, so I find out days after. I don't realize what I'm doing when I do it.

Regarding women, I tried asking people out in high school and was meet with nothing but rejection. Fast forward now to college. Somehow I deluded myself into thinking that people would be more open to meeting new people and give them chances. What a fool I was then, and still am. It's pathetically funny that every single time I've been given the "too busy" excuse. I know it's an excuse because I've asked each more than once, and if they had any interest at all they'd suggest a time. Add to this the fact that I have no knowledge of how to meet people and make friends let alone a potential girlfriends, and the scarcity of women at my college. What do I do now? Where do I go from here? Dating sites and apps like Tinder and Bumble are a fraud and others like Match are meant for older people. I've recently tried OKCupid and PlentyOfFish but I haven't had much luck. People say there are plenty of fish in the sea, but every time I go fishing I never hook any. Almost every person that does talk to me loses interest. I started chatting with an interesting add moderately attractive person only to discover she moved hours away from me. 

Anyway, I'm a sophomore at an engineering college, and I find myself caring less about myself with each passing week. Every week is the same. There's nothing that can motivate me. The impact the things I care about have on me lessens each day. The clubs that I'm in would probably be better off without me; I don't think there's anything new that I can bring to the table. I used to enjoy my job, but now all I see is the social gap between myself and my coworkers. I see this everywhere I look outside odd my job too. I see things I can never do or be: things that I want, but can never have. 

I see that I'm falling into a self-destructive loop, but I feel that it's pointless to get out of it because there's nothing to return to. I feel like I should just quit and stop wasting my parents' money. They always nag me and tell me that if I don't want to do it anymore, that it's perfectly fine. Maybe I see too much in myself. My grades have slipped from making the Dean's list to B's and BC's.

I've reached out to people in the past. I've sought professional help. Both my brain chemistry and my pattern of thoughts are bad, so I have a psychologist, psychiatrist, and therapist. They all tell me they don't know how to help me if I don't want to help myself. I want to stop feeling the way I do, not necessarily get help. Every day is the same as it scares me. I don't know how much longer I can stand this. I feel like all I do as a person is react to things that happen to me. I can't think of a time that I have brought about a change in my life through my own will. I've tried so many times to change and control my life that self-destructive and self-defeating behaviors bring me relief because I can control how I fail. Substance abuse is one way I do this, but I also distract myself so I don't do what needs to be done. I also stay up late because I know it's bad for my mental health. Sometimes I stay up for two or three days in a row because I hate myself so much. I don't know how to relearn how to live. I'm stuck in this pattern of behaviors and it has become my life, and by extension, me. I don't want to be myself.