An empty chair at all the tables.Reddit.

..I don't know.

There are a thousand reasons to post, and a thousand more to delete these words. I realize that a lot of you are here to mock people like me. People that complain, and I realize that there are some of us who take so much for granted. Who don't see what we have and dwell in the past. I realize I may be one of them, though I still look in the mirror and find nothing staring back. My greatest moments are the mornings that I wake, and can't remember who I am, or why I am where I am..For a small window of time. I have a lot of reasons for why I think I am the way I am, and they might not be an excuse, I understand that. But it's the only thing I can think of to get myself through the day. 

My dad died. That's all I can start it off as. From junior high up to my twentieth birthday, he was an alcoholic, and my mother relied on prescription medication like Atavan, Methadone.. He was the only sane parent, but we cared for my ninety-six year old grandmother, his parents long out of state to avoid responsibility, and he lost himself in the alcohol. Now that I am older, I don't blame him. You need one way to cope, and he lost the war. My mother goaded him on with her bullshit. She stole from me. She took credit cards out under my name. We moved three times a year until we finally left state. From California, to Texas, hoping that he would fix himself. I won't forget the day he died.

It was.. Five. Six days to thanksgiving, 2009. We had just returned from Texas, left him in a trailer he bought on his retirement, because my mother talked him into it. I won't forget how he reeked of piss, how he'd lost so much weight due to some.. Illness, or when we'd drive by the trailer park every day. Take him to get groceries. Clothes. He'd always be in the driveway, drunk, unconscious. I hated him. For beating me. For not being the man I knew growing up. For abandoning my sister and I when we needed him the most. None of his family helped us. Until the day he died. My grandparents found him. Dead. Sober for two weeks, and then we fought. Told him if he forced us to give him his money, he would drink, and we wouldn't see him again. He called the night before he died. Asked my sister and I to visit him. Have pudding. When we arrived, the duct tape was up. The police were guarding the trailer, and they wouldn't let me see him. My grandmother, his mother. Hugged me. Said my mother better take responsibility for what had happened. I was too shocked to understand. 

They all came flooding in. Family. Just for the funeral, after ten years of silence. Ten years of not giving a shit, and suddenly, they don't want pissing games. A week later. Thanksgiving had passed. They wanted to see us for the holidays. Just me and my sister. Just to tell us what we did wrong. What they saw when they found him. How they found him. And to tell us, word for word. That we did not try hard enough. They call themselves family,  and until now. four years later. It has all been the same. No one is genuine, I fail at every turn. Twenty-three. No college career. The only person I care about tells me I care because they're the only person that has been kind to me for years. I am only a good friend. I can't come back from the debt of carrying my family while my parents were unconscious for months on the couch at seventeen. 

I can't do anything.

Death is not an option. It never was. I am afraid of the darkness. The ever lasting sleep. Of pain. But I want it. A reason to stop, because I have seen what life is. What true, nine to five, married, family, every day life can do to you.

..I don't want to do it.