Every Time I Think Things Couldn't Possibly Get Any Worse, I'm Side-Swiped By More Misery.I wanted to kill myself the other day. I wanted to kill myself last week. I wanted to kill myself last month, and the month before that. I wanted to kill myself in August, and I wanted to kill myself in July. Every time I want to kill myself, I'm told things will get better, I just have to keep fighting and get treatment. Then I got treatment, and nothing got better, in fact, my life got quite a bit worse. So again I wanted to kill myself, and again everyone tells me it will get better, keep going, keep doing what you're doing, keep doing the right thing, it'll pay off eventually. But it didn't pay off, and my life got significantly worse. So again, I just wanted to give up and go die in a corner somewhere like I deserve. But again, I was convinced to just hang on a little while longer. Sure things will look up soon! But they didn't, and my life just kept getting worse and worse. Still though, I continued fighting, I kept doing the right thing, I kept being a good person, showing kindness to people however I possibly could. And when my life only became more complicated, more screwed up, I wrote my last post here saying that I was absolutely ready to die. I'd had enough, and like every other time, I was convinced, if not to give up the idea of dying, then at least not to actively seek death.

And then today happened. I'm not going to get into the details here, but basically, I'm wrong. I'm just always wrong, no matter how much good I try to do, no matter how loyal and honest I am to the people in my life, I'm always going to be some worthless lying junkie in their eyes. Nevermind the fact that I was honest about my last relapse, apparently I'm still a liar about smaller stupider things. Because it really makes sense that I'll tell someone when I used heroin, but I'm going to lie about how long it took me to apply for something. When asked the person, when have I ever lied? They couldn't think of even one lie, but instead I was told it's a "feeling". So now I'm a liar because it "feels" like I'm lying. Because that makes perfect sense. It doesn't matter that I never lie to the people in my life, it doesn't matter that I routinely help people in any way I can, every chance I get. Nothing matters because it "feels" like I'm doing something wrong, there for it's okay take out imaginary anger and distrust on me. But that's okay, I can be everyone's punching bag, because I don't have feelings. After all, I'm just a worthless piece of shit junkie who feels nothing. I don't need friends. I can just sit alone every day, every night because if I spend time with anyone, it'll "feel" like I'm doing something wrong. I don't need friends or a social life. I'm just worthless piece of shit junkie who doesn't need people in his life. 

Well. If this is my life, then I don't want it. I will find a way to successfully end things. Five fails this year. The next one won't be a fail, I'll make sure of it. Fuck this life. I have done so much good for people. How can this be the way the world treats me back? Why don't I deserve any of the same things other people enjoy? I am worthless. I see that now. It's not a question anymore. I know I'm worthless. All of the good I try to do, apparently never meant anything to anyone. I was completely worthless all this time and didn't know it. I have nothing and no one. It's okay. It's okay though. The universe is screaming it's my time to go. I've meant it when I wanted to do it the last five times and my self-worth has gone down the shitter since then. I have no self-worth whatsoever, because I have no worth to anyone. How can anyone possibly have no one who genuinely cares about them? I don't know, but somehow I got here. I mean nothing, and not a goddamned person will give a shit when I'm gone. That's fine, because I won't be around to suffer from the knowledge of how meaningless my loser life was. I'm done.