I don't know what to doFor context, I had a rough childhood, I'm 20, I have struggled with depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts for years. I never thought I would actually kill myself, I've always tried to handle things and avoid medication. I've been seeing a psychologist since I was 14. Recently I've hit the lowest I've ever been. I was lonely, depressed, I didn't care about myself, and I was suicidal for a long time until I met someone. So I apologize for this long story but I think it's necessary for some background information because it's really confusing. 

I met this girl and I immediately felt a connection, we had such good chemistry. We started talking in the end of December and started dating in January. When we first started talking she told me that she's done dating around she's looking to be with someone for the rest of her life. 

The issue was we were never officially in a relationship. But she would tell me that she's "my girl" and that she loves me and is only talking to me. I love her I really do, but things started getting really stressful, she would say or do really conflicting things. One minute she's happy and loves me then a few days later she wants to take a break and says it's her not me. Then I would try and talk about things with her and it would just end up with her avoiding eye contact with me and all she would say is I don't know. Then she started being distant with me, I could tell she wasn't the same as she was before. She always seemed uninterested talking to me and seemed detached. I tried talking to her and she said she needed a break she needs space and time. I tried talking to her about it to understand why she wants that. I would say that if you love someone you try and work things out, not distance yourself from them and take a break. She told me that I remind her of her ex, how I can get really clingy at times. I told her I was clingy when we first started talking and she said she was fine with it. We resolved that fight with us meeting a few days later and we had a long talk. I asked her what she wanted, she said she doesn't know. She said she was feeling suicidal and substance abusing, she takes meds for her depression and anxiety, I was worried and told her that I'm not going to just leave her alone in that state. I told her that if you tell someone you love them you don't just bail when they're at their lowest point, you help them and care for them. We went out for a walk and at the end, when she was going back home, I asked her if she was still my girl and if everything between us will be OK. She said yes and said she promised. I felt confident. A few days later we went to the movies together and had a good time. Later that night when we got back to my house I tried talking to her about things and she freaked out and kept ignoring me. I got upset so I got up to go to the bathroom and she got up angry and was saying she's leaving. I tried talking to her telling her to calm down. She was crying and then went to sleep in my bed. The next day we had breakfast together and looked at an apartment, we had been talking about getting an apartment together for a while. We had a good day and then when she went home. So the next few days consisted of her barely talking to me and when she would it seemed like she couldn't stand me. From before she told me that when things didn't work out with other guys she's talked to she would distance herself from them and stop talking. I asked her if that's what she was doing with me and she said she doesn't know. She said she doesn't want "this anymore" which meant us. I asked what she meant and she said she wasn't ready. She said that she needed to focus on herself and her career and that goings weren't right right now. She said that it's not the end but she needs a break. I kept trying to understand the situation calling and texting her but she was ignoring me. She ignored me for days and it made me extremely anxious. 

After ignoring me for the whole day she posted a provocative picture on instagram, something that she normally doesn't do and it was pretty clear she was asking for attention. The caption and the mood of the pic really gave the impression she didn't care about the situation at all. I was upset so I told her off. She wouldn't talk to me about things giving excuses. I said to stop blowing me off and talk to me about this. We got in a big argument where she said I was forcing her to be with her and that she doesn't want me anymore, she "doesn't want anything". Again I kept trying to talk to her about it to understand why she feels that way and what will happen between us. It ended with her blocking me on all social media and blocking my number. Now I feel empty and suicidal. I know it sound over dramatic because it's the "my girlfriend dumped me" thing but there's more to it than that. I've been thinking of ways to kill myself and last night I started strangling myself with my belt. I don't know what to do. I don't want to give up. But I don't want to come off crazy and be a stalker. I just want to talk about things. Especially since she said it wasn't the end for us but now she has me blocked. Please. I just need help. 