I dont even know if I should post here...Hi Reddit,

I am only posting here because the crisis chat is not available and I am far to scared to call on the phone line.

To briefly summarize I am unhappy. I feel that life has played a cruel joke on me over and over and over again. I have begun to realize that my whole existence, my whole being has little to no effect on the universe. No action I make has any reflection or change on a grand scale. 

Now at this point one can argue and say..."Oh, its not that bad you have so much to live for! Your young! (23)" and all I can say is I have been there and done that. I have looked death right in the face and said "No." I am a cancer survivor. I had parts of my body removed and spent months upon months in chemo. This has left me slightly disabled but I managed to adapt. 

I had a girlfriend of 5 years break up with me 2 years ago because she found out there was a "chance" that I was unable to bare children. This was a hearty blow to my self esteem. It took a while but I managed. I have been dating an amazing person for the last 6 months and she is one of the few reasons I stick around everyday. 

Last year on March 5th my mother died of a sudden brain aneurysm and unfortunately I was the one who found her corpse. This image has scared my brain every night since. The sickest thing is. She was dead 10 feet away from me for 2 days before I noticed...we lived on very different schedules.   

Besides my mother I don't really have real family. My brother lives with my father and my father as essentially rejected me as part of his family as I have him. 

I have tried to find my self and find meaning. I climbed to Machu Picchu in a effort to find meaning in life and by the end of the trip I just thought whats the point. Why does it matter what I have done or haven't done.

For the longest time I have just said. "Its not that I am depressed. I am not going to try to kill my self but if I was hit by a bus today I wouldn't be angry about it." but now I realize that I am just waiting for this bus and its taking to long.

so now I sit on the 25th floor of my apartment wondering what to do.
