If I were you, I'd probably ignore this.I'm a 20 year old university student in England. I go to a really great university, but my family situation is really shit to the extent where I'm homeless and living in halls of residence (dorms). We're not allowed to work during term time and the financial assistance I get doesn't help since I often feel compelled to help out my family when they're poor, and if I don't, they cut me off emotionally. I'm a girl, by the way. I made a serious suicide attempt last year to the extent where my left arm is badly scarred (probably for life). I do a humanities subject and even with the fact that my university status will definitely open doors for me, I find it increasingly hard to give a fuck about living.

I can't get on with my mother. We're really poor and I have no contact with my father, who left when I was young and has provided no physical/monetary support since. My mum's kicked me around since as long as I can remember and I can't remember a year going by without being covered in bruises. A month before exams started I lost a laptop which contained my year's work (and which I'd scrimped and saved for myself, since my family can't help me out at all). This led to continued fights with my mum about how much of a 'brat' I was to be upset about it since 'back when [she] was studying, we didn't need those sorts of things to get good grades', and how I must be stupid to be so reliant on technology. I'll suffix this by saying that my local area is a total dump with the nearest library with anything more than grandma romance novels about thirty miles away. Things got progressively worse until she kicked me out. I have no friends at home (I've got Asperger's, and always had difficulty making them), so I couldn't ask anyone to take me in.

The rest of my family have serious problems. I have four brothers and one is a cocaine addict with ADHD, one is a guy with a personality disorder who held me at knifepoint last year and is an alcoholic, and the other is a heroin addict - all of them have done serious jail time. My younger brother is sweet, but suffers from schizophrenia and can't afford to move out of my mum's house. I have no other relatives who are still in contact with our family. I spent my childhood learning to lie to the police and being pounded out of bed at three in the morning to have my room searched for drugs. I guess from my perspective it didn't seem fucked up but now I know the difference, it's left me with serious emotional problems.

This sounds like a fucking sob story, and I'm really sorry for that. I guess I just feel really alone and like the only thing I have to hold on to is my intellect, which is probably not even the greatest. I've been a year without self harming but I'm seriously considering starting again knowing that I'll probably end up spiralling into another serious suicide attempt. It sounds like a cliche but I know there are four different ways I could kill myself tonight without anyone missing me.

**TLDR**; homeless student living in university accomodation - my course ends next year and I've got nowhere to live, no money, no friends, and probably no life. I honestly don't understand how I can keep living when I'll be sleeping rough by next June.