I'm transgendered but not transitioning to male; recently became obsessed with male singer and going insane of the epitome of what I wish I was and what I can't doI made a new account because I feel like I'm actually going insane, to the extent where I haven't expressed to anyone I know personally why I have been so depressed the past two weeks. I'm a 17 year old girl, and I've known for the past two years that I would be much happier and more content in a male body and life. However, I have eliminated transitioning as an option so I just have to be miserable with what I am. Recently, I discovered a singer/songwriter who seems to be the most talented human being. He has been playing guitar and singing and doing other instruments since he was young, like middle school, and his music is easily the best I've ever heard by far. He has such a simply interesting style and the most beautiful voice. I wish I could be him, be that. 

Since discovering more of his music recently and his new album, I feel like I've gone fucking insane. At this moment I have slept in 38/39 hours because every time I stop distracting my mind I end up crying or in a panic attack. I feel like I've wasted my entire life in a miserable existence that I don't want. I want to be able to make such lovely music, but anything I try to write is shit and I feel like it's too late to actually devote myself to a music career and learning guitar (or anything else). I feel so useless and talentless and like a piece of shit. I have always been focused on getting really good grades, but now that I'm 17 and trying to think of what I am actually going to do with my life, I feel so vapid. His lyrics are so painfully good and I can't even come close. I try to comfort myself with the thought that other artists vary from him and are still successful, but I have this insane feeling of being cheated out of a life like his (I was cheated from being male, cheated from having talent by parents who never wanted me to learn anything). Also, my mom died when I was 15 so I'm even more alone.

Beyond just the realm of possibility that maybe I can become more "masculine" and learn some instruments, it feels too late and I'll never have the voice. I'm 17, and it seems like all good artists have such early starts and I know nothing. Additionally, I have female vocal chords. I want that deep gritty man voice that breaks and sounds raw, I sound like a fucking stupidly flat, smooth child. It makes me want to kill myself, because I will never be able to be what I want or do what I want now that I've found such an aching desire.

I feel so hollow and alone. I wish I could have just been born a man with talent and the ability to learn an instrument. I've devoted my life to shit that means nothing and now it's too late. I can't sleep and I barely eat. I know I'm putting a stranger on a pedestal but I would sacrifice anything to be him. I hate my own life so much. I think about the peace of suicide and just letting go of the things I can't change, and maybe in some edition of some form of heaven I can be who I want to be. I'm not even religious, I just need to believe that in some dimension I am who I wish I was. I hate myself. I hate myself. I feel so alone.