Really don't know how to title this.This morning I woke up with my stomach in knots for no reason other than the anxiety disorder I've been struggling with for about a decade. I woke up in a great deal of pain, fingers covered in blood, because I've been struggling with psoriasis for just as long and now have about 80% coverage and I scratch myself raw in my sleep.

Every week it's the same... I wake up exhausted on Monday and get to work (I work 45 hours a week from home doing tech support for a website), and spend the next five days longing for the weekend so I can just sleep. I have a great job, by my standards. It's intellectual, I don't have to go out, it pays well... But after about 4 months of it I've already figured out what there is to figure out about it and I'm already bored. This always happens, but I was really hoping it would take longer this time.

I think about suicide a lot. I've struggled with existential depression since I was about old enough to think: the fact that there is no ultimate rule or guide or reason for any of this, it's all just arbitrary and literally pointless. And then I'll just get this image in my head of putting a gun in my mouth and it's all I want to do. 

Two things have kept me from it. First, I wouldn't want to make my loved ones go through that. I'd have to do it in a way that would cause as little trauma as possible. The other reason is that I just want to see what happens next, in the world in general but also to me. I'm plagued by "What if," because it gives hope, and so it hurts more than anything. My dad passed away when I was 9 and sometimes I still just lay there and think of what my life would be like if he hadn't.

I know I'm probably not a typical case here because I don't have a plan. I don't have the gun. But I really, really want to do it. I'm just miserable. I'm turning 28 next month and I just keep getting older and sadder. I feel like I wasn't cut out for this life and I don't want to live it. I have a great job, a loving, devoted girlfriend of 5 years who wants to marry me, and I'm just so sad. Sad and tired. Always tired. 

I don't really talk anymore, unless it's for work or someone asks me a question. I feel like I've just resigned myself to the fact that I don't really get a choice. I have to live, and living is so miserable and painful, always hurting somewhere. I feel like I'm just along for the ride, mindlessly fulfilling my role until I get to die. 

I really don't want life to be like this. 

Back to work.