I don’t know if I can do it anymore, you know? If it’s worth it?Hey... I found this through raised by narcissists if that tells you anything.
The longer I’m stuck here, living with them, trapped by this pandemic but more broadly by money and fear... the worse it’s getting inside my head. It’s like I don’t even recognize myself.
The last couple months I’ve been struggling on top of that with some traumatic sexual abuse memories from a prior “relationship”. I buried that shit deep, and now under the stress, it’s like the box I had it cramped into has broken. Last week, my partner of 3 years who has been my rock, been there through alot of shit... well, I started crying while we were intimate and then later kinda lashed out at them because I was freaking out, confused and scared as fuck. I regret it. They’d never hurt me. It feels like sometimes the past and present are getting tangled up.  They, from my poorly worded words, think that I’m accusing *them* of rape... I feel like we’ve had a big misunderstanding. 
This week... I just. I’m not sure where it goes from here. The idealization has been getting so much worse these last few months; lately it seems like it’s daily or hourly. I’ve been gathering up medications. The needle I’ve been scratching my arms lightly as to not leave noticeable marks isn’t enough anymore. I deserve more pain.  I’ve been thinking about how to do it; take all that medication at once? Drink as many shots of hard liquor as I can and hope I don’t wake up? A knife? Or scissors, they seem more accessible. 
It seems like all I do is hurt people. And maybe this would hurt people too, but one last hurt? Then it’d stop and I wouldn’t be an issue anymore, you know? 
My fucked up brain has managed to push away one of the last few, few people that gave a damn about me.
My parents haven’t noticed; they’re too wrapped up in themselves. They’re mostly mad that I’m sleeping more and eating less. Pushing food past my lips makes me cringe a bit.
Maybe they’re right you know? Maybe *I* am indeed the crazy/ disfunctional one. Am I bipolar? Manaic depressive? The result of my environment?

It doesn’t seem to matter anymore. Life feels like a burden I don’t want to carry much longer. 

I didn’t know where else to get this out.. so.. there.   Sorry for the swearing..