Two weeks ago I tried to kill myselfDitched my gf downtown, caught a cab home. Didn't have my keys, hopped the fence and kicked in the glass door on the back patio. I thought my girl's cats had escaped after i busted in, so I looked for them for a couple minutes. No luck. 

Went into our bedroom and kissed my dog on the nose. Goodbye. Got my gun out of the closet and set it on the bed. Loaded it. Pounding on the front door. Cocked the gun. It's my gf and she's coming in.

I hurry back to the bedroom and sit down. She's inside now and yelling at me "What the fuck did you do?" I'm guessing she saw glass everywhere. She comes in the room and I have the gun to my head, I think I can't remember this part too well - I was very drunk.

She later told me when she came to visit me in the hospital that when she tried to take the gun from me, I pointed it at her. Like I said, I don't remember that part but I believe her.

That's when she started freaking out about the cats. Where the fuck were they? What had I done with them? She called me a sick fuck. She was screaming and crying. I felt very sad about what I had done. The cats thing started to bring me back to reality.

Now I'm wandering around the house, looking for the gun she had taken and hid. I ask her where the gun is. She yells some more and starts hitting me. I ended up with a broken nose and a black eye.

She's calling the cops on my phone. "You're going to fucking jail, I hope you know that." I can't find the gun anywhere, so I go and put on some clothes. Basketball shorts and a t-shirt. I again kiss my dog goodbye. I tell her that I'm going outside to wait for the police, and that I love her. She says fuck you. I take one of her cigarettes and go front and sit on the curb.

Not even a minute later the cops are there. What happened? Why did I want to do what I did? Life is worth it, blah blah blah.

They're going to take me to the hospital. I'm searched, put in cuffs, and we go on a car ride.

I'm getting tired of typing out this story. I feel like I've told it a thousand times now, so I'll hurry it up.

I spent five days in the psych ward. No insurance. Very expensive.
Diagnosed with depression and alcoholism. Given pills that make me sleep all the time and make me have very vivid nightmares.
On my last day my gf visits. She's breaking up with me and moving out. Can I go to my mom's while she takes time to pack up and leave?

So here i am, at my mom's. Over a week sober and I hate it. I'm lonely and miserable.

I'm not really sure what my point is here; I don't think I have one, but I can say that my suicide attempt has made my life much worse than it was before, so I guess consider that before you make any hasty decisions.