I've tried killing myself twice and I'm getting close to number three. Third times the charm right?I don't know how these work so I'm just going to type what comes to mind.

I just turned 20 this month. I have a daughter who is 9 months old this month. Her mom and I had a great relationship, and she was my best friend. I moved to college when I was 18, and it was the hardest time of my life. I had this amazing girl back home whom I would only on the weekends if that, and I just was not prepared for the shit-storm that is college work.

Up until my junior year of high school, I was a straight A student, only then dipping to A's and B's (maybe a C here and there). I got a 30 on my ACT, which got me into a pretty damn good school. The school I had always imagined I'd go to. However, when I went to college, I was almost immediately put on academic probation. This was a total shock for me even I was taking some hard classes (physics, chemistry, calculus, and a couple others I don't remember). I ended up dropping physics for fear of failure (I was entirely lost in the class even after going to office hours and such). I also ended up dropping calculus and taking pre-calc after a few weeks. Chemistry was hard, but I thought I had it under control. I ended up so behind on my work that I failed the course. I don't even know what my final grade was even though I studied my ass off for it (somewhere around 16 hours a day).

Well, right around that time I find out my girlfriend is pregnant. Honestly I thought she was the one, and I was determined to be there for her. That, and the fact that I was on academic probation, lead me to make the decision to drop out and go to community college back home. That wasn't such a big deal for me because I had friends there, and the plan was to transfer to an equally good local private school.

I needed a job though, so I applied everywhere and finally got a job at Walgreens. I have bad social anxiety and social skills so this was pretty terrifying for me. I hated every minute working at that job, although I made some cool friends I never thought I'd be friends with. During this time, I was going with my girlfriend to her doctor's appointments, and spending time with her. The thing is, my parents didn't know she was pregnant. I was terrified to tell them because they had specifically told me that if I got her pregnant they would stop paying for school, they would take away my car, and they would kick me out of the house (they are devout catholics). It took me 4 months to work up the courage to tell them. Luckily my girlfriend wasn't showing too bad. They actually ended up taking it better than I thought. They cried a lot, and my mom was kind of depressed for a month maybe more, but they didn't do any of the things they threatened me with.

I want to take a break from the story to apologize if this story is all over the place.

Anyway I thought my life was ok for a while, although I was nervous that I was going to be a dad. Now, with all of this stuff going on (school, a job I hated, and soon to be a dad), I was started to get down on life. I didn't like how things were going for me, and I started to bury myself in something I enjoyed during my free time (video games). Well stupid teenage me didn't realize the damage I was doing to my relationship. I was blocking everything else out. I bought a ps4 and basically every new game as they came out. I even was bribed with an xbox one and a pair of astro a50 headphones, because we couldn't agree on a baby name. Terrible I know. I would come home every day super stressed out, and just play video games until I was so tired I was going to pass out. I spent probably close to $2000 on video games and video game things in about 9 months.

Although I was unwittingly hurting my relationship, I still loved my girlfriend. After all, we were having a kid together. When our daughter was born, I moved in with my girlfriend and her mom. This made it even easier for me to just come home and do nothing all night because I didn't have my parents watching over me. Well that only lasted about 3 months. During those 3 months, I could feel my girlfriend losing interest, but I didn't see it as my fault. I think I also felt that since we had just had a baby together I was "safe". Well pretty soon, my girlfriend and I were arguing every day, and I was sure she was keeping something from me. I accused her of cheating on me. Something just wasn't right. I even caught her snapchatting some guy a hell of a lot who she claimed she had known for years and who had just recently messaged her randomly. We broke up 3 months after our daughter was born because of a stupid argument over nothing. I immediately regretted it, called her (maybe 15-30 minutes after we broke up), and apologized profusely. Well somehow in those 15-30 minutes she made up her mind that we were done. Just like that.

Well, I was in love with her and couldn't just let her go like that so I worked my ass off to get her back, but she wasn't having it. Fast forward a couple months and she randomly started acting... "cute" towards me. We started hanging out again, and things were really looking up. One thing I wasn't comfortable with though, was that she was still texting this guy, and wouldn't let me know what it was about, claiming they just talked about me and he gave her advice or something. Well, a month later I felt like we could start dating again, but I couldn't ask her out unless she stopped talking to this guy. She said she would and that was a step. However, the very next day I caught her texting him that they could skype later that day.

Well that pissed me off, so I demanded to know what stuff they talked about if we were going to date again. She refused over and over, and finally said ok if you meet me at my house I will tell you. So i agree, and when I get there it turns out she had called her mom home, because she wasn't planning on telling me and knew I would be mad. Well I was, and I said our relationship can't work without trust. After plenty of arguing she finally agreed to show me.

She gave me her phone, and I started to scroll to the top of the messages. She asked what I was doing, and I said I wanted to start from the beginning, and she freaked out and demanded her phone back. It was right then I scrolled past the word "sex". She took her phone back and we argued and I asked what that was about, and she said he asked her for sex but she denied it. Then after some arguing I look at her phone some more and I see that she texted him "I love you too (heart eyed emoji)". Well that did it for me. I was absolutely furious. I yelled at her and demanded the truth. After plenty of arguing I got out of her that she had cheated on me with him but it was just a kiss, and that he leaned in and she didn't know how to stop it. Well that is a pretty poor excuse if you ask me. I asked for his phone number so I could yell at him because I was so mad I didn't know what else to do. I looked down at my phone and wow! I got a facebook message from him. Something about her cheating on me and having sex. Oh and the fact that they had met on a dating website. I asked her about the sex, and she denied it over and over. I wasn't letting up though. Finally I got it out of her that they did have sex.

Cue the most depressed I'd been in my life. My life was spiraling out of control. I quit my job just like that. 2 weeks later, I decided I wanted to kill myself. I took a belt and put it around my neck. My problem was that I told my ex, who called my parents. They made me see a doctor, who admitted me to a mental hospital. I had no contact with anyone except for my parents outside of the hospital. Having had a lot of time to self reflect, I decided I wanted to call my ex. I also really just wanted to hear my daughter's voice. We talked for a few days on the phone, and then I asked her to come visit me in the hospital.

She had told me before that she was sorry for everything she had done, and how she never wanted it to happen. I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt. I loved her still. We decided we should work on things, but I was still hurting from everything that had happened, and we still argued. The first week out of the hospital was great though. However, after that first week, she told me we should just work on ourselves for a while. I didn't want to do that, but I reluctantly agreed.

Well, my depression didn't get any better after that. I still had major trust issues with her, but I desperately wanted things to work out. I especially want my daughter to grow up with both of her parents together. My depression got worse and worse and I tried killing myself again. I just walked out into a blizzard one night, and after some walking, I tried to cut my throat and my wrists with whatever I could find (a stick). The cop's found me and took me to the hospital.

That kind of brings us to where we are today. She has been telling me she is working on herself for a few months now. I keep asking her if we can try to work on things together but she keeps giving me shitty answers, or telling me yes, and then always blowing me off or whatever. Well, turns out she's being seeing ANOTHER person. So she is still lying to me, after everything we've been through. And I honestly thought she wanted to work on herself and then we were going to give us another shot. She specifically told me she didn't want a relationship with anyone right now. Yet she met this guy on tinder or something I don't fucking know.

I also have no idea what I want to do with my life. I dropped out of school the second time I tried killing myself. I have no interest in ANYTHING anymore. I shouldn't say anything, I would like to go back to school and do something in the medical marijuana industry but I'm ashamed to admit that to anyone because my family is very anti-marijuana.

The worst thing about this whole thing is that I still love my ex. I've been begging me to give me a shot even after I found out she's been seeing this other guy. It's stupid I know. I just don't understand how someone can go from the nicest and most fun person I've ever met, to a lying, manipulative, bitch. I don't think it's fair that I am in so much pain, and she just doesn't care. She is the one doing wrong, so why am I being punished?

I am so close to losing it for good guys. I've got a bottle of prescription meds next to me that I keep thinking of downing. I just want the pain to end.

TL;DR: Everything I've written is the simplified version. There is a lot more to the story and a lot of things causing me pain.

Edit: Sorry if this sounds really childish or something. I guess at 20 I am still a child. I do, however, know that this is the worst emotional pain I've ever been in. I am stuck in a rut and I don't see any escape right now. I guess that is the depression clouding my judgement.