First time I've decided to let anybody know what's going on.I'm a 29 year old male. I've had a lot going on for me for a long time, but have battled depression since high school. The last three months have been the Murphy's Law of my existence so far. 

February saw the end of my marriage, though that may have been for the best. She took most of my possessions, my dog, etc. and left me with a looooot of bills. Right before the court date, I totaled my car, and had to deal with that essentially alone and with no money. Silver lining to that, my car was worth around $10,000, which was extremely helpful in getting caught up on bills. 

About two months ago, I got laid off of my dream job, and left with little or no reference moving forward. None of my chosen references decided to write a letter, or were comfortable helping me look elsewhere. This made job searching extremely difficult and it took a toll on my happiness.

The $10,000 my totaled car got me bought me about 3 months of financial comfort, but now it's completely dry. Already about $10,000 in debt from credit cards (thanks Wife), I really can't take out any more, even to survive. My credit score is also quite low. 

All this was minor news, nothing I couldn't handle, because I had the love of a girl that is so incredible. One that made me happier than my wife ever did. One that made every grey day have a little bit of sunshine. As all of this debt and job loss seemed to happen at the same time, I get a phone call from my new girlfriend. You know, the dreaded "We need to talk". Turns out that she doesn't see this relationship going anywhere, even though 48 hours prior, we were being flirty, and talking about the future. 

So the triple whammy of being in debt and poor, jobless, and heartbroken all at the same time has got me on the edge. I think about suicide hourly, if not more. I'm a wimp, which is why I haven't done anything yet. I guess all I'm looking for is somebody to talk to. I'm willing to talk myself out of it. But this absolute waste of a life I've been given isn't giving me a better option right now.