I'm not really sure anymoreI''ve had low mood for a long time. However in the last month it's all been getting very much.

My best friend and housemate left without telling me why, we work together so I have to see him every day. He refuses to speak to me and ignores my texts and phone calls. When I ask why or what I did or what happened he says he's told me, when he hasn't. Our work got involved and we have both had to take forced holidays, and i'm no longer allowed to speak about whats happened as our colleagues are no longer listening to him or liking him (he's our superior and has been prior to us moving in together)

The last two weeks, really this week have gotten to be  too much for me to handle. I had 3 weeks to find someone to take over his room, otherwise I would have been homeless and would have lost my deposit on the house because of him breaking the contract.

I don't know why he did what he did, he refuses to remove me from social media, and he keeps making tumblr posts about how he's "living a better life", "having the best day ever" etc, making spotify playlists called "now im free". He keeps snapchatting me his day at the zoo, at ikea, the seaside. Randomly texting me funny pictures but not replying back to me.

So on Monday I deleted all my social media. Since then, no one has tried contacting me or speaking to me. I've felt so low, I'm consumed by my thoughts and now loneliness. I tried telling 3 friends, including him that I feel very incredibly low. Everyone ignored me and he text me back asking for money because he's still paying for the internet and Tv license in our house.

I can't go to work without feeling sick because he works there and I have to see him and be below him. The house I live in I can't stand because it was the house he picked, and decorated. He took everything despite moving back into his mums. Its bare. I literally can only stand being in my bedroom, but I hate it now.

No one would notice if I was gone. No one has bothered speaking to me even though I've tried and no one has noticed I've left all my social media. I wouldn't feel so awful. I'd be free and no one would care it seems anyway. I've tried speaking to people and it's not worked. The idea of being in work tomorrow even though he's not there is so fucking much. 