Need to VentI generally make an effort to maintain amnesia about my past and stay positive but lately I've just been breaking down to a point where I cannot pretend anymore. I can't really vent in my real life but I am at a breaking point here, so thought I'd vent here.

My mother died suddenly from heart failure when I was 12 while I was staying with my father for the summer. The condition is genetic and may or may not kill me prematurely as well. I was supposed to get some tests done this year to monitor this but I never scheduled them. The 12 years before her death were tumultuous, from my mother leaving my father in Italy when I was an infant to their eventual divorce at age five. I was born out of wedlock and was fully responsible for their marriage (although my mother had abortions before me she decided to keep me for some reason), but their divorce was due to years of infidelity on the part of my father.

I'm currently 20 and the last eight years of my life I've lived with my father. He is emotionally abusive, an alcoholic, and still cheating on my now-stepmother. My stepmother, for her part, is equally as emotionally abusive. Both continue to invalidate my feelings and really did encourage me not to grieve  the death of my mother. I did listen to them too. I did not shed a tear at my mother's funeral. I have spent high school and college doing my very best to perform in academics and sports and work. I get brownie points for this because my relationship with them is based on performance as if I am one of their employees. I have repeatedly shunned my emotions and pretended as though I am fine I am normal I am doing well. Despite a few slip-ups I have been relatively successful so far.

My problem is that I don't know how longer I can keep up the facade. I chose a college based on what would make my father happy and managed to get a full ride. He has always attacked me for spending money and being a financial nuisance since a young age. This decision has saved my father tens of thousands and yet he constantly shows no appreciation for my sacrifice.

Not only this but I buried my grief so long that it is as though I never had a mother. I remember almost nothing about her at this point and the remaining picture or two I have look so alien to me. She is like a stranger. I feel like I have erased all memory of my childhood and this is something my father/stepmother have encouraged. Not that my mother gets a pass either, she was equally as distant - depressed and alcoholic - so we weren't all that close anyways. I was raised mostly by her parents, who I have seen maybe three times in the past eight years since her death.

Anyways what I am getting at is that I have destroyed myself in an attempt to perform and impress my father. I am broken beyond repair. My identity is nonexistent - I've done things only to impress other people. I have no idea who I am - not in a "I'm 20 and finding myself" kind of way but in a "I feel nothing and have no desires" kind of way. I am a husk of a person. I have no connection to my past. It's possible that I have a very limited future thanks to my wonderful genetic inheritance too.

I've begun to let it all slip, to be honest. When I was 12 I secretly hoped the world would end, as cringy as that sounds.  Now I just want to fucking die, apocalypse or not I don't give a shit. I don't want to do it for attention. I just want to melt away slowly. I'm so fucking tired. I will probably lose my scholarship after this semester since I am failing multiple classes. Once that happens everything comes tumbling down but honestly I do not really care all that much.

I don't want to be like this. I do want to be happy but I just don't see any way to get there. Somehow I've managed to pretend that all is well for years but my strength has really begun to fail me. On top of this I have a pretty good chance of dying young anyways, so whats the point of a family and kids? Beyond that what else do I even have to look forward to? I don't want to live only to make my father proud because he never will be, especially after I lose my scholarship and fail this semester. I don't want to just disappear and start a new life because then i really will become a complete stranger to myself.

Not sure what to do and beginning to scare myself