what is really the point?seriously? i am failing to see the point in anything. anytime i've tried bringing this up to someone irl, it is shrugged off. i have spoke to my doctor, my mum and whoever else will listen. all i get is "its gonna get better", "here's some different meds", "oh stop overreacting", "you don't really want to kill yourself". 

well firstly, it hasn't even shown signs of "getting better" and i'm sick of hearing that. if you're going to promise something like that, all it does is get my hopes up for something that never occurs.

secondly, different meds; i've been on several and none seem to alleviate this desire to just end it all. when they stop taking away the desire to do it, it just leaves the thoughts of how i'd do it. so suicidal thoughts without wanting to die. its weird.

thirdly; "stop overreacting". what? seriously? this one is my mum. someone who has dealt with mental illness herself. she keeps on brushing it off like i WANT to feel this way or that i'm doing it for some attention. i am bringing my fears to her and asking for help and sure she might not like seeing her son this way but demeaning the feelings with something like that only makes things worse and feel more lonely. and that adds onto the final point of "you don't really want to". why am i being told how my brain works? this isn't a new occurrence. it is constant. i am trying to tell you how i feel but you're telling me "oh but you don't feel that way". well there we go, i'm cured because you said i don't feel that way.

i know this seems more like a rant than some form of watching out for suicide, but its this shit that keeps bringing my closer and closer and closer to taking the plunge and doing it. i am so god damn lonely, distressed, completely empty feeling inside and feel ill all the time whether i'm dizzy, sick or something else, it feels so inescapable that death feels like such a freeing idea. 

of all the things i could be excited about whether its my sister's pregnancy, christmas or whatever else, an early death is about the most exciting thing i could see happening in my future. i don't want to feel that way but there is the loop of distress and conflict in my head.