What is the point of living?Hello, I hope y'all are having a good day.

I'm considering committing suicide tomorrow possibly. I planned on just waiting until I was 22 years old because that's the age I need to be in order to get a gun but then I realized that there was another opportunity. My parents agreed to give me money for a prom ticket but I could just use it for gas money to drive to the Grand Canyon. I think that'd be enough for gas and for however much the entrance fee is. It's a 7 hour drive and if I left at like 6 I could get there before school ended so they wouldn't even realize if I was gone.

I'm conflicted because I really don't want to live anymore but there's also a part of me that thinks I shouldn't do it, even though I know that I have to do it. Everyday my mood fluctuates. One moment, I'll be super happy and the next I'm crying in class, which is what happened today.  I often ignore my friends and distance myself from them and then the next day I'll be having a blast with them. I feel like I don't have friends though, I've been finding that I have more moments that I'm either jealous, mad, sad and such because of them. 

I know I have a really toxic personality as well and I don't want to blame them for it because it really isn't their fault because they were just being nice because they like me I guess. They would often tell me things and joke like that I'm cute, better than everyone else,  beautiful and so on. After a couple of years I think I began to actually believe these things and I did in fact believe that I was better than everyone else. I would reject girls that had crushes on me in mean ways, I got good grades(I had a 4.5 at the time) and would constantly think that the "average" students were all stupid and that I was better, I constantly insult people(jokingly, to my friends but I have crossed the line a few times). I think I'm legit retarded because there was this one weird time where a guy had a crush on me and I rejected him and he moved on but for some reason I didn't like that. So I got jealous of the guy that he liked and tried to get him to like me again by doing various things. I had absolutely no interest in the guy, I just wanted someone to like me, if that even makes sense. 

I'm not always like this though. Again, it's on and off. Sometimes I think I'm better than everyone and then other times I think that I'm a piece of shit with no chance of improvement that no one likes but this last year maybe I've mainly been realizing that I'm a piece of shit. However, I'm also very nice to my friends sometimes like making them smile, getting em gifts, and helping them with problems they have. 

This last year has been especially hard because karma really bit me in the ass. I came out of the closet and told this guy that I've had a huge crush on for a long time and he rejected me because he told me that he was straight. Then I got into a car crash which caused stress for my family because they would now have to pay more for insurance. *Then* I got my report card in the mail and managed to fail three of my classes, which also made my parents have to pay even more for insurance because we got some kinda discount if you get above a 3.0 GPA or sumthin. I got rejected by all of the colleges I applied to except for Cal State Fullerton which I was kinda excited to go to but I can't go cuz I really need to die lol. Idk, I really just lost all motivation to do anything, completely gave up on school. I would always just come home and lie down and stare at the wall or ceiling and think about how I need to blow my brains out, or break my head at the Grand Canyon, or rot my organs with Advil. I have no goals in life, I don't love anyone enough to keep living nor does anyone love me, I have absolutely no interest in having to work in college and don't want to work after college, if I did even live after high school I promised myself that I'd just be a prostitute or find a sugar daddy cuz that's probably the only job my retarded ass could get. 

I was diagnosed with severe major depressive disorder or whatever the heck they call it but I honestly don't think I have that. Quite a few people have said that me not having goals and hating life was just me being edgy and not actual depression and I think that's true. I don't even have any valid reasons to want to kill myself, I've never had the same level of struggles that others do, I'm just a piece of shit. Which only makes me think that I really need to kill myself as soon as possible. I feel like my existence itself is embarrassing and I would do anything to end my life.

Everyone says the same thing over and over, that "life will get better", "there's light at the end of the tunnel", and whatever other crap they say. It's like that meme about SuicideWatch where someone says "I wanna commit die" and the two comments say "please don't" lol. My therapist doesn't help, the pills don't, the dog my parents got me doesn't, my friends don't, all of my attempts to better myself don't either. I've basically lost all hope by now.

I don't even know if anyone's going to read this or care at all, just thought I should rant somewhere.

I understand that I need to kill myself but it's just really hard.