I can't get over something that happened over 8 months ago (x-post from /r/depressionIt was an already horrible week to begin with. My dad was getting verbally abusive and I was pretty tense about college applications. It seems that everything just wasn't getting there.

On a Friday, my mom told me that a close relative of mine was in the ICU and in a medically induced coma. He had pneumonia and it really wasn't looking good. At the same time, I found out that an important university that I heavily relied on to get in rejected me from their main campus, meaning I was not able to study the degree I wanted. I simply stood there in shock as I was staring at the status that said "not admitted" and, when my teacher asked me to turn off my computer, I just couldn't and had a huge mental breakdown. I was crying so loud and I felt like giving up.

A month later, I was accepted to two other universities, but never got the chance to tell that relative because he passed away.

After this, my grades started slipping. I lost all my motivation to get fit and really focus. I started crying to sleep once a week and felt very lonely. I felt like I needed someone to drain the pain away, but nobody to do it. All of this, along with my best friend leaving for her dream school early and my SO breaking up (under good terms) just made me feel awful.

Tomorrow, I start my first day at community college. I just didn't like or couldn't afford the schools I got into and I felt like a piece of fucking shit.

At first, when I visited the university again, I heard the most stupid bullshit ever about how there is a mathematical algorithm to determine one's success. It didn't make sense. Also, I remember hearing how "holistic" the application was, but it was just all bullshit as I had better applications that let me express who I really was, and I got into those schools with better success.

Later on, I got a hold of the dean, who realized the information about me that was completely overlooked, and said that he wold be deeply honored to have me as a student. The issue is, in my mind, how the fuck would I want to go to his school when they rejected me and gave me the biggest bullshit? I actually had a good chance in getting there but this was like a stab in the back and they are trying to do some damage control by saying they would want me back. If anything, I should not even apply to their school but it's seriously the only school that has a great reputation and a good foundation for my degree. I have nowhere else to go that is cheap and I can't afford anything else. It's so hard for me to jump into here. I fear that, in the end, this will not go well and I will get rejected from here yet again, as my grades are all that really matter here.

Sometimes, I just get restless because of this and all I want is someone to cuddle with and have something that would help me forget about the pain.

I don't know. I feel like just telling the dean that the entire application system is flawed and isn't looking into the human element. I am planning to meet with him soon but I bet I will have this mental breakdown in front of him because I got rejected.