I just don't know.I can barely keep my eyes open its like 12:30am. 
I don't know what to do anymore. 
I hate what my life has become. I hate that I'll never be who I want to be. I hate that I'll never be able to become who I want even with all my efforts. 
I'm told daily by people that I'm very handsome. None of these people I'm interested in. 
I'm taking meds for anxiety and depression. They were working great but I feel like I'm just back to my old helpless self again.
I hate that I was born into this world and have to go through with it. I hate that I don't k ow what comes after. If I took my gun to my heart and ended myself, my mom would lose sanity permanently. She'd follow soon after, just like her mom did. Ive let a couple of my friends know how I feel for the most part. But aside from them, everyone else doesn't worry about me. Like the tellers at the bank. They blush when they see me and I always have something clever to say to them.  They don't know how needy and desperate for affection  I am. Yet I have to hide that. They don't have a clue. Id be the last person they'd think would take their own life. 
Or the people at my gym. They probably think I'm arrogant. I'm actually just too anxious to talk to anyone new so arrogance and a serious face is my cover up. 
I ran a marathon once. I did it for the wrong reason though. To show my ex girlfriend that I am capable and strong. I don't think she cared anyway. I trained for it in 8 weeks starting from nothing. I'd be in pain and force myself to keep running because I'd tell myself my emotional pain is greater than the physical pain I'm experiencing. I told myself I'd experienced worse so I kept going. 
I'm a mid twenties guy who is going to be a college freshman in September (if I make it to September). My friends are in medical school. The only thing I have that they don't is an amazing body and physical capabilities and a great knowledge of dieting. That's not going to get me through life. 
I met this girl the other day who seemed ecstatic to meet me. I made a move and we went on a date, but surely enough there wasn't a second. I tried to go against my urges and waited some time to follow up with her, but she's simply ignored me. I got blown off by a 19 year old. She is a lot cooler than me though. She's done more and experienced more In life than I have even considering I'm mid twenties.
When I'm out at bars with my friends I feel like If someone was to snap a picture with me In the scene, I'd clearly stick out like a sore thumb because I just don't blend in somehow. I sound so pathetic. 
My younger brother is going to med school. I'm stuck working in the auto industry and will just be starting school. If I had the means to I'd disappear and move to California. 
And the whole God thing....idk. I didn't ask to be born. Eternal nothingness is scary. Hell is even scarier if that were to exist. My dad dies 6 months ago. He's in the ground 30 miles away from me. I just hope he's not suffering. I don't even know what I'm saying anymore. I hate life. My gun is 5 feet away from me and my .45 hollow point bullets would ensure a quick death. But not tonight. But I'm pretty sure my life will end by my own hands, whenever that day comes. 
Time to sleep. I'll wake up tomorrow and walk into the Starbucks for my usual fix and try to be optimistic about the day. There's possibilities and opportunities everywhere. Somehow they never seem to happen for me though. 