This is a kinda fucked thing to say, but I'm saying itI think parents are the most selfish entities in existence. It takes a seriously strong sense of arrogance to make the conscious decision to bring someone else into this hell of and existence. You basically are making the decision FOR the person that they want to be here. (You know how insulting it feels when you are standing right there or even absent and someone volunteers or speaks FOR you. That's what this is x10,000.) That they want to feel pain, rejection, hunger, thirst, suffering, and eventually die. Everything else we do is to avoid those things because they are inevitable. 

"Accidental" parents are even worse. They are like children in a lab playing tag in the dark right next to the "Creation" button because it's fun. How do you accidentally not use protection? How do you accidentally continue to not use protection? How do you accidentally place a fucking feeling over the most selfish decision in the universe? Yea okay. 10-1800 seconds of rubbing nerves is worth about 25,000 days of hell. It's okay though. You are not serving the sentence. Makes sense for someone egotistical.

Arranged marriage parents are at the bottom of the barrel. Not much to say there. Tell your folks to fuck off and just adopt a child instead of treating you like a fucking pokemon at the daycare.

The only group that is not selfish are the ones that had absolutely no choice and were raped, tricked, drugged, or took proper measures to the extreme and had miracle babies.

Creatures without a humongous prefrontal cortex have an excuse. They are just following programming. What's a parent's top excuses? "It wasn't planned." or "I/We want(ed)..." It's not about YOU. 

Okay, okay, okay. Perhaps I'm over exaggerating. Maybe this is a little more reasonable. Let's just pretend the post starts after this sentence.

I cannot wait until people wake the fuck up and start arresting people who have children without proper resources and training. Why don't you need a licence to have children. You need one for a gun, car, numerous medical bs, and even fishing! Why are the creature that end up making the creatures that need these things not regulated from the get go. Why do we have services that exist AFTER you fuck up children. Why is my default response to the single mom who can barely support herself "congratulations!" Why isn't it "Oh shit."

We ALL know someone we don't want to have car. We ALL have that one person we used to HATE being in the passenger seat with. The person we started to stop hate driving with only because we are suicidal. I'm sure the same goes for parenting. It does for me at least. A lot of us are HERE right now in this forum every single day because of the result of empathy void, narcissistic, selfish, stupid, unreliable parents and guardians. Fuck parents. 

The happiest day of my life will be the day cops are waiting in the maternity portion of the hospital. Waits until the child is born; lets the selfish narcissist have their family moment of new supply; walks in and asks: "You got a licence and registration for that baby? No? Okay. You are under arrest for child abuse and endangerment. That's 18 years-life. One for every year they would have suffered in your care and on this planet."