Should I get help or can I help myself?There's no good reason for me to be feeling as bad as I do right now. I'm in college, living in a stable home with a good family. I'll be moving out soon. I'm doing well academically and I'm currently on an internship.

Despite all that, my outlook on life has been getting increasingly negative. I feel like I'm pretty ineffective at my job because I get so anxious about social situations. I dread having to initiate even the simplest social interactions. I'm always uncomfortable unless I'm alone. I don't see how I can support myself financially after graduation or have any professional future when I'm this inadequate.  

I haven't made a single new friend since I moved from my home state three years ago. I'm continuing to withdraw from my old social circles and old bonds are becoming frayed and distant.

I don't see how I can live my entire life like this. What's the point of living if I'm always uncomfortable and I don't enjoy doing anything anymore? I've been thinking about suicide a lot for a while now. Really the only thing holding me back is my family. Every time I seriously think about killing myself I imagine the grief it would cause my parents and siblings and then I realize I couldn't really do it.

However, I can be very impulsive and I struggle with self-control. I worry that I would probably make a rash decision to commit suicide if I was given the chance.

I want to talk to my parents about these thoughts but I don't know what good that would do. I don't want to go to therapy and take a bunch of meds or whatever. And I think my mother would be incredibly nervous if I told her, especially since they're going to move to a different state soon and I'll be on my own.

I've always been the type of person to solve problems on my own. I think I do so much better in a college environment as opposed to a work environment because college is something I can do totally on my own, just me and a book.

So I'm wondering if it's possible for me to just pull myself out of this by my own. Are there any other introverts on here that have overcome their suicidal thoughts on their own? Has any kind of philosophy like Buddhism or stoicism worked for you to achieve mental peace? Am I thinking to much inside the box in terms of the trajectory of my life? Can you live an outsider lifestyle comfortably?