I feel like I can never be happyNothing makes me happy. I can't stand going to work 5 days a week. I used to like my job but I quickly began to hate it with a passion just like I do everything else. I can't find anything that I'm passionate about. The only thing I want anymore is a relationship but I've been in love with the same girl for over 10 years and I can't shake these feelings. She isn't attracted to me and has been in a relation for 5 years but for some reason I can't get over her. And anytime I try to meet someone new it never works out. I can't get past the talking stages. I've never even been on a date or kissed anyone and I'm 20 years old, I wouldn't care if it was my choice but it's not. The only thing I crave anymore is the touch of another human. I've started banging my head against things, this world feels like a nightmare. I can't accept the fact that I'll never get to be with the girl I love. I don't really have any friends either, and the one I do have never wants to do anything beside play his xbox. All of the frinds I used to have from highschool have stopped hanging out with me. I can't make new friends because I have terrible social anxiety and I just end up embarassing myself. People talk to me like they hate or don't want to be around me, only giving one word answers and sometimes just not responding. I was sent to a mental hosptial a little over 2 months ago because I said I was going to kill myself on facebook. when I posted it no one even messaged me and asked if I was okay, no one paid any attention. The only reason the cops knew was because facebook sent them some sort of warning I guess, they had to come get me at work since my workplace was listed on my fb but they didn't know where I lived. Ever since then I've been on meds on top of the therapy I've been going to for a year but things are still only getting worse. I told my psychiatrist and he just recomended different pills, and they aren't helping at all either. I feel like the only way out of this nightmare is to kill myself, I just can't hurt my grandparents. I'm just waiting for them to pass then I'm probably going to end it.