Chronic illness + pandemicI've had a chronic ilness since I was in middle school. I'm 27 now. I've dropped out of college due to my illness and now live at home and will live at home for the forseeable future. My illness is severe. I won't go until details as I don't want anyone I know to realize it's me. I'm often bed bound and have to spend most of my time in a dark room. I can't listen to music, watch TV with sound, or even keep lights on. Even small amounts of light and sound cause me severe pain. My joints also have issues so I can't write or do anything with my hands without pain. There is literally nothing that doesn't cause me pain. Even basic bodily functions like eating are difficult. While I have a few things I enjoy doing I can very rarely do them and no longer look forward to them. I've been suicidal for several years now with the desire flaring up when my health is at its worst. I feel like I have no future because of my health. 

I decently get along with my parents, they have become unbearable because of the pandemic, and now a relative has started living with us. They're driving me crazy. They refuse to act like this is a pandemic. They go shopping and out to eat without taking any precautions. They're all in the risk category because of their ages and they all have additional health issues. My immune system is compromised as well. I feel like they're acting like idiots, and my dad insists that I'm over reacting and that none of us are going to get sick. I spend all day in my room trying to avoid them. No matter what I do and say they won't change their actions. No matter how many times I tell them they aren't washing their hands or cleaning their phones, etc. I'm tired of it. No one notices when I avoid them. It's making me even more suicidal. To top it off my cat died last year. I was waiting until he was dead to kill myself and now that he is I don't know what to do. We've got a new cats who's really wonderful but she likes my mom and I feel like she'd likely be okay if I wasn't here. 

My mom is my caretaker and so many times she falls short of what I need. She's said that she'd do anything for me but she's proven multiple times that that's not the case. I'm not her priority and it shows. She'd rather be out shopping than take care of me when I'm sick. My dad used to think I was faking my illness and now he thinks I'm just not trying hard enough to be healthy. I have two older siblings who both think I'm just lazy and a hypochondriac despite them both having some of the same health issues as me, although much milder.

I just really don't want to be in pain anymore. It's so bad. I've had a random stranger tell me he'd be suicidal if he had my illness. Even my mom said she'd kill herself if she had to deal with what I deal with. I feel useless and unloved. The only hope I ever have of not living at home is to get married. I'll never be healthy enough to have a job or live on my own. I'm Christian. I don't understand why God has to do this to me. It's unbearable and there is no relief.  I'm sorry this is so long. I came really close to killing myself today while everyone was out. I don't feel like I can get counseling because it's my physical health that's the issue not my mental health. As well it's really difficult to get doctors to take me seriously. If I'm labeled as having mental health issues it will get worse. I feel like I shouldn't kill myself though as I'm the only "good" child my parents have. One of my brothers isn't really on a good career path and the other is gay. I'm the only who wants or has a chance of having a "normal" live with finishing college, getting married in our church, having kids etc. I know it's a horrible thought, but I still think it sometimes. I hate that I'll likely still have to talk to my mom tonight because of how sick I feel.