I have overcame General Anxiety Disorder (GAD) and still want to dieMy last 2 years of high school were a living hell. I can honestly say I have gone through all the layers of hell and come out only to see what the world really is and i have been wanting to die. I cant come to killing myself because of how much i would hurt others but sometimes i don't even care. 

Ill start with my General anxiety Disorder (GAD). It all started when i was playing a game of basketball with my friends. it was just another day at school and I was really starting to get into more school sports although i had never joined a team. This was during tryouts for my school. While i was playing all of a sudden I feel my throat start to close and for some reason i knew if i made any sudden moments I was going to gag or even throw up. My friend bumped into me and I pretended he hit me in the throat so i could gag without feeling embarrassed. I told them I was fine and that i just needed to rest. they continued to play while i was on the side trying to figure out what the fuck was happening. I could still feel as if someone was pushing in my Adams-apple. I couldn't move or else i would gag more. My heart starting to pump and i literally thought i was going to die. I didn't know what to do so i got away from my friends and just laid   there gagging and had heavy breathing. I never passed out or anything just laid there in complete fear and pain. When i felt more calm i went back to my friends telling them i was going home and none of them seem to care thinking maybe I was just done for the day. 

This was just the first day. Im going to make this part short. If you want to know more about my school experiences then just ask me. After my horrible first attack everyday I had to go to school. Walking to class was almost impossible do to the fact i have uncontrollable gagging which led to another death like experience panic attack. I often went to the bathroom and gagged and the only thing that could calm me down was putting in my earphones and closing my eyes. It just my all life black with soothing sounds. I pushed all my friends away and didn't tell anyone for a year and half. that was a bad mistake but how could i tell people if know one even really understands anxiety like mine. i was actually a popular kid that was friendly to all clicks at school and that's what i was known for. accepting everyone. Now, i have barely any friends but I am thankfully my old self again.

I got rid of my anxiety by facing my fears. I had to get rid of this disorder all by myself because no matter how much I asked for help no one gave a fuck about me. No matter how bad I was having an attack during classes or in public I would tell myself i had to stay no matter what! i gagged in front of people and it sucked so much. people looked at me disgusted like I was puking or crazy. I also started breakdancing. I did something that was the exact opposite of me. I would perform in malls and other public places and it felt great. It was really a life changing hobby for me. 

Even after all this life changing and happiness that has come to me. I still every day think of killing myself or hopefully dying from something. 
