I've never heard of anybody feeling the way I do.I know the title may seem a bit superfluous, but bear with me. I am not depressed. On the contrary, I'm rather happy. (At this point, I'd like to apologize to anybody else seeking help here. I'm not trying to brag in any way, and I'm deeply sorry if it appears that way.)

I'm an 18 year old man. I am an Atheist, though I am not outspoken. I live with my mother, my brother and his wife. I graduated from high school 4 months ago. You may be wondering, "What school ends in August?" I'll get to that. I've always been sort of an outsider. However, I have some really tight friendships. I live in a small town, and all my friends I've known for over 12 years. Going against all that, I'm not upset that I'm an outsider. I'm a deep thinker, and I'm quite proud of who I am.

The problem is that I don't feel like I should be alive. Ever since I was a kid, I've had a morbid fascination. Death has always felt right around the corner for me. When I was a child, let's say 4-11, I always felt like I was going to die any moment. This is when I started to become okay with the idea of death. By 11, I was already accepting my mortality. I've told a friend this, but I don't think they took me seriously. Throughout my teen years, I researched more and more on death. It got to the point where I would neglect friends and schoolwork to do so. I started to really contemplate suicide at this point, but I wanted to continue on. I don't think I've ever been suspected of being suicidal however. It all just looks like I'm lazy from the outside. When I turned 16, things started to change because of this. I couldn't focus in school, and my grades reflected that. I felt completely alone, but not in a way where I longed for somebody or anything in particular. It felt like I was the only person plagued with these thoughts. Up until this point, I thought it was normal.

When I was 17, I was so disconnected from everything that I went on independent study. It took me an extra 3 months tagged onto the end of the school year to complete the courses because often times I would zone out and just contemplate death in some way. I would go for drives to friends' houses and I'd have deep struggles against intrusive thoughts of turning the car into oncoming traffic (there are a lot of highways where I live, speed limits are on average 55).

When I turned 18 three months ago, I was kind of in disbelief. I spent my entire life up to that point thinking I was going to die the next week. I thought I'd never live to see the day that I became an adult. It still feels weird to me. The past three months have been the weirdest months I've ever lived. I still feel like I should be dead. I'm not comfortable with the idea of living. The whole situation feels like body integrity identity disorder, but instead of cutting off limbs to be happier, I have an interest in taking my own life.


Thank you.