why I want to kill myself(I'm sorry if I make some mistakes, I'm still learning english) my mother told me when my brother was a baby he was very loud and I was the opposite. when I  cried she didn't pick me up till I fall asleep because I wasn't crying loud enough. 
20 years later she didn't change. she took care of my brother, loving him and supporting him all the time and I am very grateful for that since he is my brother and I only wish him the best but she left me alone, she judge me, insult me all the time , wishing me to die every day, given punches on my back while I was sleeping and after I couldn't breathe. telling my brother while he is beating me to do it harder, humiliating me in public, with my friends, teachers, making fun of me, having no social life because I was beaten if I was late and then I just didn't want to go anywhere because I wanted to avoid all of screams and slaps from my dad and I got used to it and now I can't have a normal relationships with anyone and that includes school or job. 
I lived for years knowing that I should repress anything and not feel weak. I shouldn't feel like I have to be loved because it's lame.
every person of my age never said something positive about me because I was cold and I acted like I didn't need it so they slowly were gone from my life. I looked so not interested all the time and I never reached them. 
I was very apathetic and distant and I barely talked. 
I never felt being alone since I was always by myself, I don't know the difference. 
I never did the things that teenagers do, having a boyfriend or girlfriend, going out for parties, having groups, smoking, going out in the night, drinking, having the first kiss ecc. 
I was convinced in my head that I don't deserve those things, I'm not the kind of person that should have those things or having fun, those are not the things that I deserve. 
and of course my mom told me that no one is gonna love me or be with me because I'm just don't have anything to love for. 
the only thing that my mom tells me to do it's house work, it's the only thing that comes out of her mouth when she calls me. when I'm in the state that I can't get out of my bed she just doesn't care and punches me or yell at me, insult me, wish me to die just because I'm not doing what she wants. 
she talks to me just when she needs me and I just don't want to do it if that's the only reason. 
when I was at the psychiatrist my parents were talking and insulting me all the time in front of her and the worst part is that she agreed and gave me a medicine for kids ( I was 17 years old) and told me it's my fault that it's not working and my parents till this day say to me that it's my fault that I am the way that I am (depressed) because I decide to be like this. 
I can't go to school or having a job because I don't have the mental and physical strength. 
it's been more than 4 years that I don't have friends, I only talk to people online witch I'm not friends with them anymore because the only thing that they did to me is hurting me repeatedly and using me for attention for years. 
I'm all alone in a country that I don't know the language, I don't know no one and I don't have anything.
I'm currently in the situation where I am continuously repeated in my face that I should get out of the house because no one cares about me.
I want to get out but I don't have any money and I can't have a job in this state. 
my mental state it's getting at the point that I don't have any strength to kill myself since I am so weak.
I really don't have anything to live for, I just don't feel life in me.
and if I hear someone say it will get better I can't comprehend how is it possible for someone to be so selfish and not understand that there is nothing to be better for people like me.
there is nothing to adjust, there is just nothing. 
so please don't console me, don't help me to live when I don't want to and help me to get out of this situation.