Hey guys, I guess I'm in good company here.I guess I should start off with a little bit about myself.  I have Mixed Episode Bipolar I with psychotic symptoms and an anxiety disorder.  I got parents who love me and friends that would miss me.  I got a cat who already had an owner go and off herself.  My best friend killed himself after a tragic life of addiction. I'm a survivor of sexual assault. Currently marathoning Xfiles and King of the Hill.  You know, an assortment of baggage that a million people stronger than me deal with every day.


When I die, my mother will follow.  My brother is a dick and has cut off contact with my parents, so I'm all they have. He even used me as an excuse, saying they should focus they're efforts on my health. I'd go live with them for safety but they don't have internet and the isolation makes me want to die even more.

My friends care, but they're really sick of hearing about this.  I've lost friends over this uncomfortable subject matter so I know it's going to happen.  It's to the point that when things get bad, they don't even change their work out schedules to talk to me.


The pain is suffocating.  


I know I shouldn't make the decision without a full night's sleep. I should drink a bunch of water.  I also know the fact that I'll be killing my mother should be enough to stop me from doing it, but it doesn't take away the pain, it just adds more pressure.  And I can't take the pressure anymore.


Sure, I'd get better.  I might even get another pure manic episode again (some deity willing).  But it's always going to come back to this.  And it gets worse and worse every time.


I was in the psych ward voluntarily for 3 hours.  It was terrifying.  I know if I fail,  they'll lock me up in that terrifying lonely place, and this time I wont get out so easily. 


Leaving a body for my roommates would be a dick move, too.  But there are ways around that.  I wish it was summer so I could die in the warm sunshine somewhere.


I'm worthless. I'm so annoying.  My whining has gotten me help but nothing is ever enough. I wish he killed me instead of raping me.  That way everyone wouldn't hate me after I died, they'd just be sad.  


I have a plan.  Somewhere outside.  Somewhere where I wont be found for a while.  I'm thinking deep woods.  I have this handy email service called boomerang that sends emails on a timer.  That way I'll be found by a professional instead of some stranger that'd be scared for life.


Thanks for reading this.  Just yelling this into the void has eased the pain a little.  I hope I can die happy.