Just wanna let you know that if you push through it and actively improve you can acheive wonders.Hi reddit. This is a new account I've made and with it I actually wan't to start posting more often, since I've been a creeper most of my time on here. I've been on this platform for a little less than a year and it really helps me get through my own depression, thanks for that. This is my first post ever on reddit of all time. I'm on mobile so sorry if the formatting is bad, and also this is also a very long rant for those who wish to read. 

I'm a 15 and about to be 16 year old male who has/is still going through a rough patch in his life. I have made huge progress within the last couple of months both mentally and physically. 

I was put in quite a rough spot since I was a kid and have been both depressed and lonely most of my life aside from my very first years when I didn't care. My whole life I have been really ununsuccessful socially and never found talent in anything at all. When I say that I have never had any friends besides family I mean it 100%. I've also been fat most of my life. I was never  morbidly obese or anything but just chubby and never fit. This of course made me even more depressed. 

The past couple of weeks have been the most significant part of my life to date. What set it off was a bad day. I came home after a really bad day and my mother said some hurtful things and this combined with the bad day caused me to explode internally. Due to my upbringing I've always kept things inside and I always try to not display emotions even when I'm alone. On this day I hadn't cried in like 4 years and I walked into my room buried my face in my bed and cried for what felt like an hour. While I was crying I thought of all the shit that had happened to me during my life. I thought a lot of my grandpa which was my only father who died about a year ago. My grandma who died about a month ago. Although I wasn't as close to her I loved her so much. Thought of how cheated I felt and how lonely I was. I would shift from sadness to absolute hate. While I calmed down I told myself that I would change completly from the the day forward. I also told myself that I would be happy no matter how hard it got.

Now lets go to the present day and I am proud to say that I have lost over 10 pounds and counting. Making a lot of progress on work that I have to catch up for school. I decided to get more social and because of that effort I was so scared to put in, I made 1 friend irl a couple days ago. We have many shared interests and he said that he would introduce me to his friends. We shared numbers and are keeping in touch.

Don't give up and give it a try.







