At the endI’ve struggled with suicidal thoughts since I was nine. Nine years old and I wanted to die. I’m 21 now. I don’t really know if I can do this much longer. I made a burner account because I don’t want any of this falling back on me. I’m gonna kinda tell a bit of my life story. I’m religious, I’m a Christian. I’ve had 4 real relationships in my life, and they are the main driving factors in me wanting to die, I have a great family and if they knew how bad it was, it would only hurt them. They are the only reason I’m still alive. But, onto my relationships. 

I got my first girlfriend when I was 15, I kept that relationship a secret, because it was sexual and I wasn’t t even allowed to have a girlfriend at that age so I lied and hid it. I did online school so I always had free time and would lie about where I was going. Easy stuff to hide, and she even lived in my neighborhood. She killed herself when I was 17 and that fucked me sideways, for a long time. I tried to kill myself 4 times after that. It was so selfish. 

I hid my depression for as long as I can remember, I’ve never seen treatment but when I was 18 I got officially diagnosed. I moved out at 18 and went to a one year college, where I met my next girlfriend, and that was a healthy relationship. A lot of recovery happened there, and for the first time I could remember I was happy. Then the year of school ended, and I was lucky that she only lived four hours from me. I bought a motorcycle and rode out to see her every weekend I could. We dated for 9 months, and I was in a firefighting academy, and she got offered her dream job several states away. We were at that point where we either had to get married or break up. I broke up with her, and she had a mental breakdown and tried to kill me with a baseball bat. 

I threw myself into school and work, when I was close to graduating, I witnessed a semi truck tbone a 16 year old in an old vw golf, I tried to save him but he died on scene. I still see his face. 

I started fucking around, having casual sex, and ended up with this chick, got serious about her, and after 4 months she got pregnant with another dude and just left, no good he, just ghosted. I saw them at the mall one day, about a month after in the next city over, and I lost my shit. I beat that dude senseless, it took 4 security guards to pull me off him, and I barely escaped charges. I got lucky as fuck. 

After a while, I got some shit straight in my head, and met this girl. She was awesome, she was smart, pretty, and was into the same shit I was. I was head over heels for her, then I did some digging and found out she was a 3rd generation nazi. (Not uncommon where I live. Fuckin sucks) I ditched her ass and moved on. This was end of last year. 

Few months went by, I started to pull myself and my life together, kicked my alcoholism, (I had been drinking since I was 13, alcoholic by 16), got a decent job, repaired shit with my family, I got serious about my faith, and signed up for a missions trip this summer. I went to Africa on a trip, and there was a girl on my team. Gorgeous, smart, loved Jesus and she was literally everything I wanted in a woman. I’m done casually dating for fun, I wanted to get serious and she was in the same boat. We hit it off, got super close, and she and I admitted that we had feelings for each other, and decided to meet up a month after the trip, be then we weren’t in an environment where we were around each other all the time. Smart. Trip ended, I went back to work, she lived 6 hours from me, and I bout a motorcycle to go see her. Needed a new one anyways, the trip was mostly and excuse for a new bike. If you ride, you get it. I go, I get there, and I get shot down, hard. Like, I get it. I’m a fuckin mess. 

I just am sick of hurting all the time. I wanna feel alive. I wanna feel something besides anger and sadness. I either want feel alive, or I want to die. I think I’m just gonna kill myself. Anyways, thanks for reading. It felt good to rant. Peace out folks, don’t do what I’m gonna do.