TiredI’m writing this here because I don’t know what else to do. I do not know who to turn to right now and I feel so alone. I keep crying and feeling miserable and I don’t want to ruin anyone’s day or bring anyone down with my problems. I feel like I’ve done enough of that at this point. I’ve tired people out by now.

I keep thinking of my future and life and I don’t know... I can’t picture a happy ending for myself. I can catch glimpses of something, but it all feels so... fake. So unattainable. Like it doesn’t belong to me or will ever happen to me.

And I keep losing hope. Losing motivation. I’ve tried. I’ve tried to find happiness. Tried to be happy with myself. I went to therapy. I tried meds. But I’m always brought down. I can never make the good stick. And I don’t know what else to do.

And I’ve reached such a low state. Where I’ve come to find comfort in physically harming myself. Having fantasies of people hitting me and hurting me... and hoping bad things happen to me... to bring me closer to the end.

I keep picturing my end so much lately. Fantasizing about death. About wanting to end it all. I went out to buy a new blade yesterday. I tried it on my palm just to see how it did. I didn’t put much effort and the cut was deep. The blade is so sharp and smooth. I have it under my pillow in case I need it. Waiting to get so done and tired that I finally get the courage to do something.

I keep thinking about this summer. I really don’t know how I’ll get through it. I keep thinking of ways to off myself before next semester starts... I have the new blade now so cutting my wrists. Finding a way to get a gun to shoot myself. Jumping off a cliff or something.

I’m just so tired. Tired of being a failure. Tired of not being good enough. Of disappointing people. Of bringing people down. Of being a burden. I’m so tired.

People tell me they care. That there’s people that care for me. But I’ve tried to reach out to people and I’ve opened up to them about my problems. And no one actually really cares in the end. No one sticks around for me. 

No one will truly care if I’m gone. I don’t think I make much of an impact on anyone’s life to be missed that much. People will be fine without me. The world will go on. They’ll go on. They’ll be fine. No one is really depending on me for anything. Everyone will be fine.

And people tell me to have hope. To change my attitude. To look at the good in things. To stop being negative and just be happy with what I have. And that just makes me feel worse. Makes me feel so much worse about myself. Because they make it sound so easy. Easy as just flipping a switch. They tell me how they get through things. How they get stronger instead of being brought down. And I wonder why I can’t do that. Why being ok is such a struggle for me. 

They get frustrated with me. Annoyed with me. Because I can’t get it right. Because I can’t be ok... they don’t get it. They don’t understand... I wish I could be like them. I WOULD FUCKING LOVE TO BE LIKE THEM. TO BE FUCKING GOOD. But that’s not how I work apparently. Because I’ve tried... and I’ve made progress sometimes. But I always fall into this hole.

I don’t know what to do. Constantly feeling like this. Constantly wanting to give up. Constantly having death on my mind. Feeling utterly and completely alone...