Rant only, no advice wanted or neededLike the title says, this is a rant only. I don't want advice, I don't want help, I just need to vent before I take everything valuable of mine and break it all into pieces because my rage is boiling over.

Why the fck do I need to exist if everything that could go wrong is ALWAYS going wrong?! Sure, "LiFe IsNt FaIr," but why does it have to be such bullshit all the god damn time?! If I knew my life was just going to be the same never-ending bullshit for the next 30 years, I wouldn't have wanted to exist in the first fcking place!!! I didn't ask to be born nor did I WANT to be born, if I had my choice I would've preferred to never have existed in the first place. Again, what's the point of it's just never ending crap??????

I have to eat, because my body will wither up and die if I don't. I hate food, I hate eating, I would rather be a plant and get my damn nutrients through photosynthesis. Food has been the bane of my existence and accounts for 70% of my current problems. I WISH I COULD JUST STOP EATING!! I'd call mysef a pig, but that's an insult to pigs and they're adorable creatures.

Moving on. Why do I have to have BDD and feel disgust with my looks so much that it leaves me in a fetal position, crying and loathing myself even further? To add to that, I have zero self-confidence because I have no skills, I'm not intelligent, I'm not logical, I have major depression and OCD that leaves me with no motivation and unable to function in this stupid society. To add more insult to injury, because I've been my educational life in Special Education classes, I never learned important life skills, I never learned subjects like math or science or English or anything at the same pace as all the regular kids, in fact I was, in terms, several grades behind where I actually was, I got teased for being stupid and slow, and I basically wasted 18 years of my life in a school that couldn't be bothered to teach me properly. Sure, I can re-learn all these things, but because I'm not young anymore and you learn the easiest and the best when young, it's going to be very difficult to learn well right now. I need a job but I can't hold it for long because I'm obsessing over all the bad things about myself that I feel like I can't amount to anything and that I'm a failure and I may as well quit my job because I'm going to fail and get laid off or fired anyways. The longest job I've held, as crappy as it was, was as a courtesy clerk, for 2.5 years. After working similar crappy jobs, I figured if I worked with animals it'd be better and I could last longer, because animals make me happy. Did that happen? Nope.

I can barely function in my relationship. I'm married, been together with same person since I was 15, but I feel like a burden to him, even if he hasn't admitted it and tells me otherwise. How could he love someone that's as big a failure as me? At what point will he stay with me out of pity, when will he be unable to deal with my anger outbursts and crippling depression anymore that he's fed up and leaves me? It'll happen one day. I'm worthless and useless and pathetic and will drag him down with me, just like I've dragged down everyone else that's mattered. 

I'm trying to get myself into therapy, but honestly, doubt it'll make a difference. The only thing that will is if I could surgically have the part of my brain that's causing me such anguish removed. Medication is just basically Russian roulette over what will work and what will damage my brain permanently. Talking therapy is, heh, a fcking joke. I've had talking therapy since I was 10, NOTHING HAS HELPED! Just makes me irritated, hopeless, and suspicious of talking to a psychologist because they'll rat me out and I'll get locked up for the way I think and the things I tell them.

Anyways. My anger has cooled down, went into a depressive phase, now I'm just exhausted and tired. I just want to go back to bed, at least I don't have to think of my shitty life and shitty self (so long as I don't have nightmares. Man I miss weed, it would help me not have any dreams and I could just sleep in endless darkness). Again, I don't want advice or help, I don't want to talk. Just needed to vent before my anger got the best of me and I broke everything in sight. Need to cuddle my cat and go to sleep....