Please Help Me UnderstandEverything seems pointless. I am doing well in two online courses to finish an associates degree to have something to my name, then maybe go on to a bachelor's with my saved money. The only thing stopping me is not knowing the major I want to choose - I don't want it to be a waste of money. I currently have a job that I don't mind going to and the people there are good. I often don't mind staying late to help. I have more than good relations with all my family members that I keep in touch with often. I have good friends that I know are there for me. I have people ask me out sometimes, which is flattering but I don't want a relationship - I guess I've never really wanted one. I don't feel close to anyone. I've tried a couple. I didn't see a future with them so I didn't want to string them along. Relationships and most everything is predictable, I just got tired of them and would've rather had them as a friend. I go out often. I meet up with family members often for meals. I'm the initiater and planner when I go out with a friend or group of friends (to mainly just  keep busy and stay in touch with them) - like board game nights, karaoke, pick up sports games, bowling, swimming, ect. I don't have any social media except for Facebook. I only go through about 1gb of data a month. I'm almost never on my phone. I do things on my own - like right now I am learning how to juggle, just doing it a couple minutes a day and I'm getting better everyday. I am messing around on the keyboard and acoustic guitar for a couple minutes to an hour a couple times a week. I take my dog to the dog park when I can and walk him around my neighborhood often - I often listen and focus on my surroundings on these walks and even just in general I do this all the time. I posses an array of narcotics. I never really enjoyed drugs, I just did them with other people for the experience and it was like an event planned to 'trip' or get high or whatever. I don't see myself taking them in the future anymore, even with other people. I think I'm going to throw them all away or give them away. I stopped vigorously exercising and became lenient with my exercise. I used to be religious about my workout routines. On my own right now I am actually on a liquid diet called Soylent (I eat all kinds of different foods when I'm with other people). It saves me money and stress about what to eat and helps me not eat excess calories on this meal plan. I just went to the doctor for a physical and he said my blood tests all came back normal and I'm at a healthy weight and good blood pressure. I am healthy.


But I have this underlying thought of wanting to just go away. Like my soul wants to be released from my body. I want freedom, ultimate freedom. I don't want to continue living. I know how to feel happy and sad and everything in between. I know what failure is like and I know what success feels like. There's no point anymore. I am doing things but in the middle of it, I often have this thought of "I'm okay if I died at this very moment." I actually often get this feeling when I'm in a more happy and elated state - I want to die happy. I was just talking with a friend and they asked me: "what do you want do with your life?" I couldn't answer. I actually shut down. I just said I don't know and stopped talking and answering their questions and stared into space. They changed the subject after silence. It was as if they exposed my desire of just wanting to die, but of course I didn't want to tell them that. I was put on the spot because what I want to do with my life is end it. I'm capable of doing anything, but I can't do everything. I'm not hopeless. I know I have potential for this world. I can help people but I feel people mostly take advantage and have ulterior motives for any relationship, I know it's not everyone. I just don't know what to do, I do almost everything. Jack of all trades, still learning everything I can from anyone or anything and trying everything and open to anything. I took dialectal behavioral therapy. I know how to be mindful and often use those skills to come back in the middle when my emotions become overwhelming for me. I'm seeeing a counselor but we just talk about stuff I do during the week. She's just another person trying to help another person, it's just her job. Maybe she's not the right professional councilor for me but I enjoy talking to her. My mother wants me to be on medication again because she knows I have these thoughts, often. I used to be prescribed but I don't want that, I don't want to not feel again. I don't want any substances. I don't think they're bad, I think a lot of people benefit from them, I personally just don't feel like I want to be in an altered state of mind. I don't get it. I'm doing things, trying new things, constantly meeting people, even moving states again soon for a job. Things are, per say, "good" in the eyes of everyone. But it's like I want release. It's like I'm just tired. Tired of living. I don't see a future for myself. But I'm not hopeless, I know I have potential. I just don't want to do anything anymore, I want death. Everything is just meaningles, irrelevant, unnecessary, ect to me. I don't know why I have these feelings when I'm doing all these things. They are always there. But I have this feeling that the end is near. I want release from this expected life that I feel that I can already foresee (get married or not; have kids or not; employed or unemployed; what everyone else is doing and living). Like I said, most everything is predictable and turn out the way I expected in my mind. I've had these thoughts since I was little but they're occurring more and becoming increasingly prominent in my thoughts as I get older. I know how to feel, I'm just tired of this loop. It's like the only thing that interests me is death. I don't know why I desire death.