I really don't see a point anymore.I can't. I just can't. I've lost too many people, lost too much to even think about going on. I sit here, depressed and immersed in the sadness that has both developed and completely overcome me. I lie to my friends for comfort, as well as annoy any friends I currently have. I'm a hermit that has no intentions of leaving my house and I don't think anyone would miss me all that much.

I have promises from some people. But I don't think I can go on anymore. Much like the song Rolling Girl - Hatsune Miku, I feel pointless just dragging on throughout life. But unlike that song, I have no happy ending. I don't want to bother anyone with my issues, but I heard of this from a friend and wanted to try it out as a last cry.

I used to self harm and occasionally do so. I told my many friends that I tried to commit suicide... but I haven't. I didn't. I built this lying wall around me of what I want to believe I was brave enough to do, but I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself.

I am in secondary school and I have few real life friends. Most of my friends are situated on the internet which is both good and bad. I feel like I irritate my friends that I do have and I am really judgmental of both others and myself. 

I don't talk with people about my problems much as I see it pointless and I finally managed to get my old psychiatrist off my back. I really want to ask my friend for help... but I'm scared that he'll just walk away since we haven't known each-other for that long online. 

Am I a bad person? I get bad grades, I'm sometimes mean and bitchy to people and I kinda dislike my parents. They are great parents, don't get me wrong, but only for someone else. For me I just don't like them but maybe that is because I am in my teens. 

I am a girl that just wants to go. My mind, my feelings want to go and die and cause no pain to anyone else. But something deep inside me is trying to save itself. I have completely given up, but... I think I need help?

My depression isn't that bad. I feel all attention whoring and I'm sorry for wasting your time. I'd rather people help someone else who is a more serious case than mine. I don't think I am too broken to be fixed... So in my opinion the way to be fixed is to die.