I think I'm going to kill myself after prom. I'm too exhausted to say what's going on in my life. Too exhausted to continue living. Everything's hurts. Everything's hardI think I'm going to kill myself after prom. It's the only thing I have to look forward to.

 Even though it's completely fucked up. For the past two weeks I've been asking my friends about information so we can get a limo. Everybody keeps ignoring me. Now I found out that they're all joining some mutual friends limo/pre prom. So I'm completely excluded. I know it sounds so dumb, but prom's supposed to be an amazing night with my friends but they just left me out to dry like that. I don't have a ride at all because we don't have a car anymore. I have been nothing but an amazing friend to them, they have taken up so much space in my yearbooks telling me how much I mean to them and how much I've helped them grow/love themselves. I'm not saying that they owe me anything, but I give so much of myself to them and they leave me alone for prom.  I can't believe this triggered me even more.

I'm not even sitting with them because there wasn't space for me.

There's never space for me.

But I always feel suffocated.  


I was already going to do. My parents changed their minds and I have to stay home for a whole year. They don't want me going to my dream school. My mom said that I'll be the reason she kills herself/runs away/goes to a mental hospital/ dies because I'm a stupid whore who wants to run away from the great life she's given me

I can't not go to school. Because I don't think I deserve a lot. BUT I AT LEAST DESERVE A FUCKING EDUCATION.

 I'm tearing apart our family I guess. I try so hard in school but I'm burnt out. Work is burning me out but we live in gov housing so...

I hate myself so much. I am ugly and disgusting and don't deserve anything But I deserve quiet.

I want everything to stop.

I have been through eating disorders and child sexual abuse (trusted adult not family) and child abuse and self hate and poverty. I'm so over it

Everything hurts. I want to go to sleep and never wake up

This is a whole dumb ass rant

I've been considering \*\*actually\*\* doing it for MONTHS now. I'm finally going through with it. 