So tired.Lately I've been so tired and angry. I have been finding myself sleeping for longer than 10+ hours at a time, and even eating less than I did back in high school.

 I'm an introvert by nature.  At work i have been getting a do-able schedule (by my standards), but then they keep changing my shifts without letting me know. Only 4 other people know how to work in my position at my store, but we just dont have the payroll to overlap shifts. I've been trying to get out of that position for over 3 months now, but they just cant seem to find someone who can take those shifts.

 I am getting so sick and tired of having to "be nice" to potential clients, and cleaning up messes from my co-workers, and even then, needing to deal with co-workers who expect the world from me. Every time I try to put my foot down to someone who wants something, I constantly get undermined by a manager. I've been promised a pay raise, and a yearly pay inscrease, but at this point I really don't know if it's worth it.

I really want to quit working for a while, but I need the money from my job so that I can save up and go to college/get a liscence/car. 

I know that if I kill myself right now that I wont have to worry about any of that. The only reason why I hadn't killed myself a while back is because of what it might do to my mom. I cant stand to think of how bad she might get. I may not show it physically and obviously , but she is my world. 

I know that it is wrong of me to feel this, but even I dont have enough connection with my friends to make them another reason not to end myself. I don't care if I leave them with the aftermath, but I just cant do it to my mother.

When I do decide to finally end it, I want to be able to end it in a way that they wont be able to bring me back. I don't want to saddle my family with the burden of paying medical expenses, or force them into he feeling of helplessness and hope, that I may one day come out of a coma.


Feel free to remove my post if it violates any of the rules , I just needed to let this out.