Why should you even care?When you're taught in school about survival of the fittest? How you have to beat out the competition? How there are fundamental differences between you and I? How you have to beat out the next guy for the job you want? How there will always be winners and losers?

The most upsetting idea is that anyone actually does care that someone kills themselves. Keep telling yourself in the disillusion that somehow humanity comes together once one of their own goes. Nobody really cares. Sure, I suppose you have friends and family, but you know you can't talk to them about this stuff. You never can.

What, do you think they're going to magically put off their battles in life to make sure you can get over yours? You have to deal with your own BS, like everyone else does, and losing or dying out is just a point of what life is trying to make as you being a loser. So who cares if I want to end my life, if my life is not what I want it to be? If I cannot get even the bare minimum of my goals. This is my life, not yours! It is not selfish to take away my self from this Earth, I never asked for it to begin with. It IS selfish to have to live behind a mask and fake a smile knowing I am here for your enjoyment, your happiness.

I am 31 in March. I grew up on and off in a good Bay Area California town. All my friends have nice big houses from their rich mothers and fathers. I envy it so much because my family still works, even well in their 70's, and I have to see them suffer everyday as I make poor attempts of gaining a fraction of my bottom of the barrel goals. I hate myself.

I wish I had more courage right now and less care for others to want to get through with this. I wish I could drive right now to Home Depot and pick out a rope and just stay committed to going through with it. I glamorize the very possibility of this, and feeling utmost happiness as I am gagging near the edge of death, knowing I'll have the biggest FUCK YOU to life and all its inhabitants who pretend to care, while cutting each other's throats for their own self preservation.

But I can't do this. Not because of myself, but because I care about my family member and wife.

I really want to end it all, but I cannot, because my existence makes them happy.
