Random, incoherent babbling.. pouring from a tired, and broken soul..Sorry to post this here, I haven't slept for days, im in pain, and I I just wanted to throw something out there.. in hopes it will quickly get down-voted and lost forever (like me).

This isn't necessarily a threat of suicide, it's more of just random incoherent contents of my restless soul.  I didn't know where else to post this, but I'm in pain, and I just needed to put this out there.. perhaps, in hopes that it would make me feel better or something.

I don't sleep at night because I'm stuck in an unrewarding job, basically owned by a controlling, unappreciative boss, who knows I'm in a position in life that essentially forces me into indenture servitude to him, and his company.. where the only hope of ever changing my shitty situation would be to make a move which equates to taking a serious gamble.. not for things like personal comfort, stability, or seniority.. or even things like risk of depleting savings, or falling on financial hard times... No.. this goes way beyond "hard times", serious lifestyle changes or even facing indefinite financial ruin.. my only option, other than maintaining the status quo, sleeping for 2 hours a night because I stay awake, worrying and praying that I'll even get to KEEP the position I currently have.  

Any alternative choice would come at the risk of completely failing my 4 children, who would likely be much better off if I were to fuck-off and try to play "Smells Like Teen Spirit" on a 12 Gauge Clarinet at my own "pre-funeral" party..  which no-one would show up to by the way. making it a "solo performance", of a one-man band..who (coincidentally) is constantly thinking about firing the lead singer because he can't get along with the rest of the band.  And after a unanimous vote, they all declared that he is terrible at what he does.. and that the fruits of his labor are not only rotten, but are also unfit for human consumption.  

So as a last resort, in a moment of desperation he draws a self-portrait, not of his face.. but of a short straw.  ..which, in a sick, ironic twist, was the universe's way of making him come to the sad realization, that the "self-portrait" actually IS a PERFECT representation of himself, an ugly characture of shitty luck, highlighting the worst possible choice that anyone could ever be stuck with.  

And Yup, that's me.. "Short straw",  pleasure to meet you.  

