This is my note.This is my note.           
Dear Mom, Dear Dad, Dear whoever is reading this.           
I'm sorry.            
I’ve disappointed you and so many people. I’m such a waste of money. I can’t even live like a normal person in this country.        
I know ever since I graduated high school with straight A's along with getting accepted into a top university, you’ve expected that I will be the pride of the family. I’m sorry that didn’t come true. I’m sorry I dropped out and didn’t become the leader you wanted.        
You would always find me in my room most of the days for the past few years. I would be browsing the internet reading random things, drawing, or maybe play some games sometimes. It was one of my ways of coping through life and feeling a sense of comfort in this mess.              
All throughout school I would always feel like an unimportant background character who would always mess up and be awkward to talk with. I’m sorry I wasn’t talkative enough. The only time I felt socially comfortable at school was at Grade 11 and 12. It was the only time I had close friends who lasted more than two years.         
You can usually find me being quiet or barely interacting in new social groups. I would harbor any negative feelings in my chest. At some points in life I would become so upset I burst into tears like the embarrassment I am. I’m sorry I wasn’t tough enough.               
I am alone now. I can’t find my home. I didn’t turn out the way anyone expected me to be.             
I’m sorry I didn’t become your top uni alumni.        
I’m sorry I didn’t get into sports.           
I’m sorry I wasn’t more social in school.         
I’m sorry for being sensitive.              
I’m sorry I didn’t become a good example as a big brother.            
I’m sorry if I didn’t fulfill your hopes.             
I feel as long as I’m alive, I’ll always be a taint of disappointment with no future.            
I don’t belong in this country. I don’t belong in this time period.             
I was never meant to be able to become an adult.                
I’m sorry.               
