I feel like my life has been a waste. I'm sick of other people controlling my life and I want to end it on my own terms.For over a year, I've been in the worst depressive episode of my life. Two friends have died, a family member as well, and I've been in an emotionally abusive relationship/ horrible break-up.  I've written three suicide notes and almost followed through with a plan. 

For my whole life, I've dreamed of doing something rewarding. I've worked my ass off in school getting all A's and B's. Last May, I graduated and through circumstances I had to move back home. All I fucking wanted was a job, my own place to live, and just basically a life. I just got a retail job, but I feel like I've been cheated by the system. Like if I didn't do all that shit, I would be in the same situation. 

For the last 4 years, I've worked hard at my school's newspaper trying to become a journalist and no place will take me in. I can't do shit. I started as a staff writer and made my way up to being an editor while some people who wrote 2 or 3 articles now have full jobs as journalists. 

People keep on telling me "Something will come up soon" but I'm so fucking sick of hearing that. I'm fucking sick of my whole life being determined by other people. Like when I hand in a resume, that HR fuck doesn't even know how badly I want/need that position. They don't fucking know how hopeless shit has been. 

I'm sick of this. I'm so fucking sick of this. I sound spoiled, I know. I'm just done with others having a greater influence on my life than myself. I want to get a gun, walk out to some woods in my hometown and blow my fucking brains out. 

For my whole life, I've taken my education seriously with hopes of doing something that I'm passionate about. Now, I've come to learn the hard way that it's all about who you fucking know and networking and other bullshit. 

Everyday I want to fucking scream my lungs out. I feel like my family does not understand my situation. This whole shit has been a fucking waste and I want to end it on my own terms. 