Fuck This ShitI’m so tired of fighting my fucking brain to get anything done in my life.  People treat me like a fucking idiot because they don’t understand half the bullshit internally/externally I have to go through.

I got diagnosed with bipolar recently and everyone in my life came up with excuses for why the assessment was likely wrong and should be revised.  This despite the fact that I’ve shown pretty clear signs looking back for a large part of my life that were pointedly and repeatedly ignored.

I’m always borderline suicidal no matter what I do.  It’s like a weight on my back that’s always there, even when happy.

Everybody ignores all this though so they can focus on their own fucking problems.  And I wouldn’t mind that so much if they’d let me vent too.  But it feels like I have to be the one stoic person in the room or everyone around me gets pissed at me and starts emotionally crumbling.

I’m so fucking tired of being both the scapegoat and the support pillar just because I see things differently.  I’m just tired in general I guess.

It feels like my entire life has been me finding ways to cope so I don’t off myself.  But then letting my Environment/hygiene deteriorate because I’m still passively suicidal and apathetic.

And holy shit do people not understand how to handle apathy.  Nobody ever fucking believes me when I tell them I’m trying to care/stay motivated, but my energy and mood levels are so fucked I’ll never be consistent.  I’ve been called lazy, uninspired, and stupid more times than I can count.

It fucks with your self esteem.  It’s been ingrained so deeply into my subconscious mind that I’m a worthless fuck up that, even after years of trying to improve, I don’t think that’s ever fully coming out.  It’s probably a part of me forever.

Which is why, in all honesty, I value my life less than others.  I used to self-harm constantly because it was a form of self-punishment.  I denied myself happiness because I felt I didn’t deserve it.  Part of me still feels that way.

Is it fucked up that I sometimes wish I didn’t have all these people depending on me who’d be hurt if I left?  So then I could just disappear and die in peace.  Don’t get me wrong,  I love my family and those around me, but the only reason I’m still here in all honesty is the pain of others if I did disappear.

I honestly don’t remember what it’s like to be fully happy.  I try to avoid all that “I’m broken shit” but sometimes it really does feel like it.

I look at the suicide rates for people in my demographic and all I see is me somehow being a miraculous outlier for not having succumbed.  It’s depressing, because it makes me feel like my fate is set no matter what I do.  

Now...a few decades from now.  I’m either gonna off myself or be killed by another knowing my luck.  As much as I would like it I don’t see myself dying peacefully.