Just want my voice to be heard...This is a message going to myself since I have no one else to talk to. My heart is hurting so bad worse than ever before. No one will ever understand the pain I feel. I just wish my dad was here with me. He was the only person who never left my side no matter what. I don’t even see a point in being around anymore. No one cares whether I’m here or not, no one life would be different if I just died already. What did I ever do to deserve so much pain? My boyfriend makes me feel worthless. Hell never understand how bad it hurts to be do in love with someone who doesn’t care about the way your heart feels. Hell never understand I do care about him more than anyone else. That I could never see myself without him. I wanted to have his baby so bad but he made it clear he didn’t want his child to call me mom. He won’t understand he’s the person I want to marry. He says he wants that too then he lets me cry alone. He won’t ever see that I would do anything for him. I just have bad luck in love. I have never been in a relationship where my special other really cared about me. I know my boyfriend does, well I hope he does because I’ve never loved anyone as much as I love him. I love too hard it hurts, and no matter who I end up with they will never be able to love me back that much. It just hurts I can’t be better, maybe then I would mean more to people. Be more worth it. Maybe if I was prettier and had a nicer body and my hair wasn’t so crazy curly all the time then maybe I would be good enough. It’s just hard to be someone who loves so deeply when there isn’t one person on earth who really loves me. I even love my mom and she does not care about me. My mom has always put my stepdad before me, always. She does things that she knows will hurt me. Do you know it feels to be a girl growing up and you can’t trust your mom? I can’t go to my dad because he’s dead and I can’t go to my mom because she tells everyone my business. No matter how my mom treats me I always look out for her. She wanted to cry when I tried to kill myself, yet she always tells my I’m just a sad person, that I’m crazy, that I’m never happy / nothing makes me happy, that I can leave the house if I’m so unhappy. She always says she should send me back to where I got baker acted to because I’m obviously not okay in the head. How is that my fault? Nobody wants to be so sad. Ever since I was 6 years old I have been depressed. That’s almost 12 years of never having a genuinely happy day. I’ve felt happy yes, but I always have that feeling of sadness in my throat and my chest. My childhood is a whole another situation I can’t even get into. My mom swears I don’t appreciate anything, when I do. She wants to always tell me to quit locking my door but doesn’t even know that her own husband used to be creeping in on me. How would you feel if someone who’s known you since you were a small child would come into your room, lift up your blankets to see you sleeping in your panties, to touch your private parts over your panties, all while he thinks your asleep? He doesn’t even know I know. One time he thought he was almost caught and acted like he was giving me a hug. Another time he was in my room at like 4 am and I heard the door and I woke up and he got startled behind me and said it’s time for school and I looked at my phone and it was 4 and I said to him, “it’s only 4” and he said, “oh I thought it was 6:30”. The thing is I knew. I knew every time I heard my door open it was gonna happen again so I tried “waking up” before he got too close. Even now I keep my door locked and if I forget as soon as anyone opens it, it makes my heart race. I should’ve stood up for myself I was just too scared. I always felt frozen. The only way I knew how to make it stop was to pretend I was starting to wake up. No one knows. I mean, I told my boyfriend but what if he doesn’t even believe me? That’s the reason no person, male or female, will ever be in charge of watching my child, ever. Being so depressed has caused me to do poorly in school, and no one sees that. I can’t focus, I can’t stay awake. Everyone always tells me to just go to sleep at night or I like to stay up, but it’s not my fault. I can’t help that I stay up all night crying. No one wants their heart to feel like that. No matter how much mental and emotional abuse I have gone through my whole life, I have never played the victim because people always tell me I’m strong. Being strong hurts too much. Who’s ever going to be there for me? How am I supposed to ever be okay when nothing will ever make me feel better? Medication? Yeah I’m not trusted with that since I took 125 strong painkillers. That’s what they’re supposed to do right, kill your pain? I honestly started hoping for a better life, but lately I have came to see that I will never get that happiness I hope for. Nothing will fix me. Maybe it’s good I was not able to have my child, what kind of mother would I be if there was a chance I would hurt myself? Why put a child through losing a parent? It just hurts. I want what everyone else wants, just to be loved. I’ll never get that. There is not even a point in me being here anymore. For two days I’ve had a rope next to my bed. Each day I talk myself out of it because I try to find hope and keep my trust in God, but this is the third night and I don’t know if I can find a reason this time. There’s no reason for me to be here at this point.