Help please.. I don’t think I can anymore.. it’s too much..I don’t know where to start.. my life has been an blissful tragedy..

I grew up in a single mother home. My mom moved me away from my dad when I was around 6. She raised me perfect. Family, school, sports, friends. I excelled at everything I did and she was there to support me or motivate/Force me to do well in school, sports, etc. Although as I got older I realized my dad was never there when all the other kids had a father to do various things. This was around 6th grade.

When that thought came to my mind, I felt hurt. I was in so much emotional distress that I attempted suicide. My mother took me to the hospital for a week. She took me to a therapist that I saw for a month or two. Seeing how much pain it put her and my family in I have kept quiet about my depression and anxiety since that event. 

In high-school I was kind of the king of my school. (Probably because I was a minority at an all white private school, and one of the biggest kids there.)
Because of this I never really had troubles with finding friends or socializing but something was missing. It was my dad. I tried to feel that void with the Christian fundamentals that they taught at my school but it only led to more questions.

I wondered a lot of things about this so called “God.” It didn’t help that I had tore my ACL back to back years playing football. (I missed my sophomore and junior years, most important for recruiting.) I began to question what god lets this happen. I asked myself what the point of life is. Yet I couldn’t find the answer. Despite the injuries I managed to get a scholarship to many schools. 

I accepted a scholarship and continued my education and football career. Not even a week to beginning practice I tore my ACL again. (All 3 on the same knee.) At this point I called it quits. My family was upset with me and that weakened me even more. I attempted suicide again but failed. Nobody even noticed.

Later that year I slipped up and said something about killing/hurting myself and a teacher referred me to a counselor on campus. He helped a lot but I stopped seeing him because he thought I was better. I was to afraid to tell him I wasn’t. During this time I began cutting myself nightly. I had finally gotten so numb that pain was the only thing I could feel. 

One night I had been pushed to the edge. It was the night. I let one of my friends know because he goes through the same shit as me pretty much. As I drowned in my sorrows I got a call from my mother. She told me my friends parents were looking for me. That my friend had told them what was happening. My mom and his parents showed up and comforted me. My mom forced me to go home with her and sleep at her house. That night I realized I had somebody that cared and saved me even though they were in a completely different state. 

Since then I have been too afraid to try. I try to keep busy but it’s not working anymore. I have lost all motivation to do any of the things I used to enjoy. The past week I have been laying in bed in my one room dorm listening to sad music and rain hit the window. I constantly have dreams about me dying. There is one song in particular on my suicide playlist that is called Suicidal Thoughts by B.I.G. Every time I hear the suicidal gunshot in the song my heart races with excitement and my mind imagines the beauty of the sight. The past few nights I have been dying in my dreams. 

I’m losing hope. I find no meaning in this world. I truly believe it wasn’t made for me. There’s nothing here for me to enjoy. What am I to do. Suicide seems like the only option besides being miserable in a world that’s not made for me. Please help, I’m stuck between satisfying myself and keeping friends and family happy.