what the fuck lmoaeverythings just so fucking awful.

despite years of working to better my anxiety its never really gone away. i still overthink everything i do and say because of it, even if the feeling is gone. and it governs my life constantly. im nearly 21 and im unable to drive, dont go to college. i have part time job that i only got out of sheer luck; were i to lose it i would be absolutely unable to get a new one. i struggle to go outside, people make me anxious

my only relationship ended with me being cheated on (and possibly emotionally abused) and as a consequence i am unable to trust people at all. i expect all my friends (online only, i have none irl) to either secretly hate me or turn on me one day. any reference to sex/relationships on any social media upsets me greatly instead of making me happy that other people are enjoying life
i get angry at the littlest things: noises, people talking, etc etc

biggest meme of all is the gender dysphoria lol. wake up, look in mirror, want to tear my face off. want to cut my throat out whenever i hear my voice (which i cant do anything about because of lockdown)
its my biggest reminder that im gonna die alone. and itll never truly go away. itll always hang over my head

im in therapy and have been on antidepressants for 2 years now but they arent working. recently i tripled my dosage up to the maximum, no change. i struggle to find the motivation to take them nowadays. therapy helps a little, but everytime i make progress someone comes along and reminds me of how much a shitty person i am.

and i feel awful for feeling this way. there are people with legitimate issues in life; poverty, abuse, all that jazz. meanwhile im relatively privileged and yet.
im in such a good position to fix things! but i dont. all of it is my fault. but i dont do anything about it except bitch online

unfortunately im such a fucking coward that i cant do anything. the only real attempt i made was attempting to overdose on my antidepressants where i severely underestimated just how many i would need to take. i hope i get hit by a car or catch covid. anything.

sorry for making yall read this wall of bullshit. thanks for listening