I've been considering suicide more and more lately.Every goal I've set for myself hasn't been reached. I live in an aging strip mall and basically in complete isolation. I do have a job but I hate it. It's caused me to hate being around people. I'm considering killing myself because life never gets better. Everyday I get a little more depressed and a little more frustrated because it doesn't advance. Just get a new job, move out. I hear it all the time but it doesn't work that way when you don't have a degree or a lot of money and on top of that are constantly burned out. You can't advance when you get this far down. When you look at all this stuff you need to teach yourself to get a better job and you just can't do it because your mind is just too tired to do every single day. All I wanted to do was start a new family. I wanted a positive life and to have a family again. I haven't had a family in over 21 years now. It's not going to happen. I did try but it ended up being one of the worst experiences of my life and drove me away from it.  

40 years old is right around the corner and I have nothing to show for it. I really wish I had never participated in life. I spent my last dime today on sandwich meat. I don't even have a kitchen, I would kill for a home cooked meal. I'm so sick of the microwave and sandwiches. 

I'm tired of how negative everyone always is. You meet a nice girl and all of a sudden she's a bitch or she's just so brain dead all you get is stairs and one word responses. The journey I was forced to take seems a little too much for everyone I've met. Best thing to do is treat me like shit until I go away. 

I really don't want to go back to work tomorrow. How many more decades of this am I going to have to do? Work is horrible. People who say they love their job are blind to reality. People are the worst to be around in a business setting. It's constant unnecessary stress, threats and abuse. People are just a waste of time to be around. I really have no one in this world I can turn to and to be honest I guarantee you after reading this, if you feel like you have something to contribute, it will be generic and unhelpful. 

I miss my family. They did get me and my Dad had an answer for everything. He'd be very disappointed in how I turned out. Mom's heart was broken when she died. She walked out on me and couldn't face the world again. I was only 14 when she did that. She died 5 years later. She gave up and now I understand why. I wish I had a picture of them to look at. I have nothing left through. They threw it all out when the bank too the house. I just have a 21 year old fading memory of what they sounded like and looked like. 

It just fucking sucks. Life is garbage. It doesn't work out for everyone. We're not all built to handle this. Some of us just need to die to get some kind of relief eventually. There's nothing else you can do when you can't afford help, you can't talk to anyone because of how antisocial you've become and you're too burned out to try anymore. 

It just needs to end and it needs to end tonight. There can't be another day of this. 