(21 M) I feel my life coming to an end. I miss her. I want my life back.This year my mental health took a turn for it's worse. I'm a university student who realized I needed to drop the current major I was studying to peruse something I could realistically study and perform well in. I was that A student in high school but all of that changed when I went to college. I lost my mothers approval with the slip of my grades. She blames me for her unhappiness and tells me a dog would likely be a better son than I. This past semester I lost my girlfriend of three years to my roommate. I admit I was a mess this past semester. My living situation was not well and I was drowning in my anxiety and depression. She didn't want me anymore. I was likely dead weight. I started popping xanax to calm myself down when I would have these waves of anxiety and eventually suffered a seizure from my decision to do so. Once my parents learned it was from illicit drug use I became mentally disowned as their child. I've spent the greater portion of this summer in rehab and I've now learned that I will not have any support from my parents to return back to school. I've tried applying for my student loan but get told I must have a consigner to be approved. I have no one to cosign for me. My home environment is deathly toxic. I can't live where I'm given the constant look of failure and disappointment. I miss my old girlfriend so much I wish she never left me. She was my anchor and the reason why I kept pushing through life even when I had to be home during breaks. I just want my life back. I want to go back to campus and get my life together and be strong yet I can't and it tears me down. Being in an emotional prison at home and living under this verbal abuse makes me wish and yearn for a revolver and a bullet to play Russian Roulette every night I come home from work. My heritage is from India. Mental health is very taboo in my culture. I haven't had my correct dosage of Prozac in over two weeks. I have no support at home to really get the help I need. I just want to live a happy life. I miss my old girlfriend. After all of this I still can't seem to get her out of my dreams and it's been months. This post was so disorganized but for my life sake I had to say something and anything to stay alive tonight. I'm fucking sick of this melodrama. I want to be normal. No one fucking likes a person who sits and sulks in his or her woes. No one likes a person playing a victim role. I wish I could be surrounded by people who really supported me. I wish I still had my girlfriend. I love her so much. 

If you read this thanks a lot. I'm happy someone could hear my voice

Tl;dr : I want to die but I'm too much of a pussy to do it because I think my life will get better but it's spiraling into more chaos and madness.  