just how i feel in general the sun and universe will die, not soon but i don’t think that’s important. the sun will engulf the earth. climate scientist say that our window is narrowing to stopping it. our lives are only important to us.but not the universe. not to time. my life has never once mattered to me. since i was a boy i’ve yearned for my death to seek the ultimate peace that one can have. i’m not of the tribe to consider an afterlife. for myself non existence is exactly as one should expect it to be. it took so much time to get here by product of evolution, but i do not consider myself special. but sure our species is amongst ourselves. i despise the effort i must take to survive, or even to stay sane. i find annoying breathing, hearing, speaking, eating, defecating. and the worst of all sleeping because i must wake each time. as i find all of life itself to be pointless since it will all reach an end with nothing left to even archive our existence. but our own memories, and they too shall be destroyed even if elon or anyone else gets us off this planet. or even if the multiverse theory is correct. and we explore other universes it becomes more apparent that all things must end. i live for my brother and my mother idk how much longer i can. i had thought that this past weekend was going to be it. i thought i would kill myself, my father kicked me out the house and they want to follow me. Yet because of my mother and brother i feel guilted into living. life is pointless i’m not saying it isn’t beautiful. but for me who was born out of needless desire by both my mother and father. i simply keep knowing that i didn’t have to be here to begin with. that i could have avoided all the agonizing experiences that i’ve accrued over time. why did my mother think it’s ok to date for a week and get married just to settle and have kids cuz that’s what “god” would want to do?why did she stay with a man who only sees her as a house wife he can control at his whim? why was she fine fighting in front of us with him? why was she fine with him never taking her on dates or buying her clothes? why was she fine staying in separate rooms since the beginning of their marriage? how could she be fine with such a sham marriage? when we talk we both know we haven’t lived in a home we live in a house. she hasn’t had a home in the 24 years i’ve been alive. just a stage set by both of them. i was given this victim mentality from both of them, and even further founded by their religon. i went back to work yesterday and kept thinking i could have just killed myself finally. a coworker notices my silent anguish and delivers kindness. small yet enough to subject me to the tears. which i fought. but i didnt have to be there. and i didnt want to. i feel like a hostage of empathy and love, it would be easier if they didn’t try and help me. but how can i dishonor myself with suicide when i have people showing me both those things. i just want to be callous enough to do it to forget their feelings and pay attention to mine and just do it. i had a schoolmate ask me alot before are living or are you breathing. im still just breathing and i want it to stop