So I planned my death todayI am a transgender Police Officer. 8 months ago my wife of 7 years discovered I was a closeted trans woman. This led to a break up 3 weeks later. She wasnt happy that I had lied and said she would have been fine with it if she knew from day 1. She gave her terms for us staying together and said she would help me to buy clothes if I remained closeted. She set out alot of rules I couldnt meet however I believed she would come around as she was somewhat supportive and has LGBT+ friends. 
I have felt strong feeling of suicide on several occasions and was stopped by the fact I didnt want to be without my son and I didnt want my colleagues to have to deal with the literal mess my body would make.
Xmas day was hard not being with my family. I got very drunk and made some bad choices.

I feel constant rejection and pain. Unending pain.

Anyway... today my son tells me today that mummy and daddy are at home. I am very confused and text the wife what that was about. She explained that yes she had met someone and through conversation I find out there is 100% no chance for us. 
I have always believed marry once, marry for life and you work things out. 
I dont blame her at all for us separating and I actually am glad she has met someone who will hopefully look after her as I wasnt a great husband. I think that has helped with my decision as she has someone who will love her, she is amazing and easy to love, and he will support her if my passing causes any problems but sounds like it wont as she moved on. Also, my son is so young he wont remember me so he wont be upset or be caused any trauma. 

Im side tracking myself... like the title says, its all planned. I have chosen my outfit, made sure I have ID with me so I can be ID'd if its not my team working. Its not too messy I hope so wont be too horrific. Only thing stopping me is I want it to look like an accident so all 3 of my life insurance policies pay out. Only 1 covers suicide but I want to leave goodbye messages, especially to my son. Have an essay for him and a couple of letters for other people. And if they dont pay out my wife will be homeless. 

Once that is all worked out, probably through some postal thing so it wont be delivered for 5 months if I can arrange that, I shall be at the end of my long and painful journey. 
I have never know what it is like to live a day without some level of pain. I thought coming out would change that. All it did was change where the pain came from 

Rebecca x