University Student. Done with LifeHello, I have been lurking on this sub for a while. Many users seems to have interesting input that might help me so I will make my own post.


I want to preface this with some background info. I have a loving family. I have friends who genuinely care about me. I graduated in the top of my HS, won a bunch of academic scholarships and awards, and have been granted an incredible opportunity to attend a highly ranked university for a minimal cost. While my family has never had a lot of money and I have worked very hard for what I have been given, I recognize that thousands of other students across the country have worked just as hard if not harder. So I recognize my priveledges.


I used to know where I wanted to be. I was a goal setting machine of studying and productivity. I studied for AP tests we didn't even have at my school, started and ran after school technology clubs, built a killer resume etc. Music has always been a powerful source of passion in my life. I play instruments and have envisioned myself as a successful music producer. One of the things that always kept me going was the the thought of having fans on SoundCloud or possibly having someone in college hear about my music from a friend. 


While I was always seen as the most likely person to achieve success during high school, I always struggled with self doubt and episodes of depression. Ever since I came to college it has gotten exponentially worse


I don't know what I want to major in. The workload is intense. I find myself unable to deal with the fact that I have so much to do. I just freak out irrationally and let it pile up as I shut myself in my closet and turn all of the lights off while I curl up into a ball. I spend my time watching YouTube videos and reading articles about how to kill myself. I don't see myself actually doing it, but it is all I think about. Whenever I do have freetime, there is nothing I can do to make myself happy. I feel like there is a void in my soul that can not be filled by anything. I don't play any of my instruments anymore because I don't enjoy playing them at all. I also never produce electronic music anymore because I just hate doing it. I tried to force myself but it was unbearably tedious when I used to lose track of time with how fun it was. I have about $1000 in audio equipment and software that I worked my ass off at my two jobs to pay for because I was taking it seriously and loved it, but -as with everything I used to do- I hate it now. I also used to write poetry and short stories that teachers and now professors of mine would praise, but I recently stopped doing that as well. 


I don't want to live anymore. I have a few more years of this and I don't see how I can even make it to finals week. I don't even have anything to look forward to in the event that I graduate. Nothing makes me happy, and life itself eats away at my insides. My brain is a perpetually dark prison with slimy walls and I am an insect stuck between the masonry seems of two bricks. I hate every day I am alive. 


Realizing that so many people, and my older siblings, have not only made it through college, but excelled, makes me feel worse because I apparently cannot even manage being an adult. College isn't even "real life" yet and I am drowning. I feel like I am too afraid of life to continue. I don't want to fail and I can't handle to pressure I am currently under. i want to die.


I am going to go see a counselor on Wednesday, but I don't see how it will help. Has anyone here experienced something similar? Did counseling actually help?


Edit: fixed typographical errors and added a few sentences.