Lonely as usualI'm done. I'm so fucking done. I've reached the point where I'm begging, *BEGGING*, friends to hang out. No one ever has time when I ask and that's if they decide to reply.

Make new friends? Fuck you. Think I haven't tried that? It's like asking someone with no arms and legs to swim across lake Michigan. You just can't when you're depressed and when your self esteem is made smaller with each unresponded text or "no". It's not even a question of asking. It's the default answer. 

Family isn't all that helpful. Sure, they're there for me, but it's not the same. My thoughts are not in sync with theirs and we have little to nothing alike. I bond with a hobo better, despite their best intentions. I'm just... done. What I hate the most is that a year ago, it was not like this. I was engaged, happy, surrounded by people with my own place and now I'm single (cheated on), alone and living on my grandparents couch. I don't just have low self esteem; I have none left and it hurts so much. 

I'm tired of meeting new people and then never hearing from them again. I'm tired of being told I'm an awesome guy, but never asked to hang out again. I'm tired of having the label of "great person!" and nothing (or no one) to show for it. I'm tired of always being needed and not wanted. I'm tired of having to explain why "my friends" didn't go to that bbq at the park or why they haven't been around in a while. I'm so fucking tired of having to lie that I'm going out with friends and end up at the bar alone with a new story of what we did that night (a beautifully fabricated story I would wished had been true). I'm tired of being ostracized by all my friends because I was cheated on. That makes no God damned sense. Why exclude me when I need them most? I'm tired sitting in the car for half an hour after work for no reason wondering whether I should go home or lie about hanging out. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm just so tired of it all and it feels like a knife through my heart. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm stuck and lost and being led on by false hopes of new friends everywhere I go. I just want the pain to stop. I want to go on. I WANT to be strong, but at what cost? This is no easy pain to deal with and I'm tired of begging or hoping. I'm tired of having to close my eyes and imagine myself in a happy scenario because despite my best efforts, I can't seem to find myself in one. I'm just... tired and exhausted.

All I wanted in the last couple months is someone to hold and just cry out my pain. I can't even get a fucking text. Want to know how many people I texted in the last week? 23. Twenty three. They all said the exact same message. "Hello!" None replied. None. Zero. Zilch. The only person who did was my best friend. Two days later. Who lives in the middle of no where Alaska. A simple hello. What am I supposed to feel? It'll be done in time? You'll pass through this hill? This isn't a hill anymore. It's a steel wall and I can't get past it. 

End of the line. I hope I don't wake up tomorrow but knowing my luck, I probably will. This is my fourth attempt (my last one was in July). I'll see you all on the other side. Maybe. Odds are, I'll wake up in the hospital again. 