It’s been my whole life, the pain is who I am and it won’t ever go away.I’ve wasted my whole life so far to the constant pain I feel. Even as a child I was ill.
I can’t deal with the constant general and social anxiety I feel anymore or the existential panic and depression and trauma that lives inside me. It’s held me back from everything I have ever wanted to do. I’m constantly at war with my mental illnesses which I’ve discovered are who I am. I was never anything else.

Over the years came more difficulties and with the difficulties my mental state has worsened to an obvious degree. No one acknowledges it. I was off work for almost a year because I tried to kill myself and no one even asks if I’m ok. 

My parents express their disappointment in me for being gay, being weird, dropping out of uni and not working full time and as a result turn my family against  me, they refuse to acknowledge the physical and emotional abuse they put me through as a child and as a young LGBT person; my partner has lost interest in me and calls me a burden and says she can’t take any more of me and is now openly sleeping with someone else; all my friends have dropped contact with me since lockdown etc. I lost my grandad a couple of months ago and I still can’t process it. And the state of the world and how it only seems to be getting worse and worse is making me sure that I will have to take matters into my own hands when it comes to my life. 

Even if things were to get better, I’d be trapped in an unforgiving world with people who would rather show performative cruelty than genuine kindness, in a world where you have to sell your body and mind 5 days out of 7 to a faceless monolith just to be able to live a basic life. In a world where, when you finally find the positives, they leave or die or disappear, making it all worse. 

Everyone says life is hard, life is cruel, etc. but I always, despite all my issues, stupidly had hope that it didn’t have to be. This past while I’ve lost the hope I had for 23 years. The light has gone out and now it’s time for the rest of me to follow.