Just waiting for my grandmother to die at this point...I came out as gay to my extremely religious family a year and 3 months ago.  I suppose you could say my parents didn't take it well.  They've pretty much disowned me.  I was studying to be a vet but I could no longer afford tuition so I dropped out.  My shitty part-time job I was doing just for beer and pizza money while going to school has now become my shitty full-time job that I do just to barely stay alive.  I went from a pretty nice dorm to a shitty little studio apartment above a bodega.  I've sunken into a deep depression and every single day I just wish I hadn't woken up.  "Friends" that I've had when I wasn't broke suddenly found themselves too busy to spend time with me, and the sad thing is I completely understand.  Who wants to hang out with a broke, depressed loser that's going nowhere and is constantly sad all the time?  Objectively speaking, I wouldn't want to hang out with myself either.  In fact, I would like to stop being around myself very soon.

The one bright spot in my life is my grandmother.  She's 87, and my last living grand-relative.  When she found out about my exile, she basically told the rest of my family that they could go fuck themselves and that they were not representing Christ's love the way that they should be.  She's still very religious, but she goes about it in a much different way than my parents do.  She's a fiesty old lady who simply refuses to let her religion be used as a tool to hate on people and calls it out when she sees it.  She calls me every week, and sends me little care packages as often as she can.  Her care packages are little boxes of cookies or chocolate, with a card that always has 40 dollars in it, which could sometimes mean the difference between me eating dinner that week or not.  I cry every single time I get one of these.  She lives on a fixed income and she's not wealthy.  It is not easy for her to just give people money like that.  If not for her, I would have killed myself probably a year ago.

I'm not religious at all, but I know it would be devastating to my very Christian grandma if she found out I had committed suicide.  So basically at this point I'm just barely treading water waiting for her to die so I can kill myself.  I'm actually looking forward to finding out that the last person that loves me has passed away.  It's such a selfish thing to think, it makes me sick with guilt, which makes me hate myself even more.  

I don't know why I'm writing this, I don't even know if I actually want help.  I think I just want someone to know how awesome my grandma is.  I think I just want some people to know how I feel.  I suppose I used to think that death should mean something, but more and more I'm finding that death doesn't really mean anything if no one cares about the person who died.  If I died right now I honestly think only my grandmother would care.  When she's gone, the last person who would care if I died is gone, and that includes me.