Honestly, don't know what to title this.I'm 16 years old. I used to be smart, athletic, etc. I've been suffering from severe depression (albeit not officially diagnosed due to my parents unwilling to take me to the doctor) for about 6 years now. I always question what I am doing here. I do nothing productive, my grades are slipping, I find it hard to find the energy to go to school. I suffer from insomnia, and always have to wake up early the next day to go to school. I sit at home and play video games all day, usually alone so I can just listen to music as I play. 

My life has been great honestly, and that's why I hate myself so much more. I've had no problem finding girlfriends (although I've been cheated on 3 times in my 3 relationships). And while they are "high school" relationships, there was still feelings and other emotions involved. My parents have been great (albeit they are a bit insensitive). They provide for me well, they get me a lot of the things I want, they make sure I stay out of trouble. Just, they don't believe that for me, in my situation, I can be depressed, so I haven't talked to them in years about my situation. What also hurts me is the near daily talks about how my grades are slipping and I can pick it up cause they know I can do better. And all I can do is nod my head and tell them I'll try harder, even though I'm trying as hard as my mind will let me, and I know that I am just letting them down. 

I feel like I am a person who is generally ignored. A lot of times when I am talking to my friends in a group, they will communicate alongside themselves and if I try to talk, I generally get ignored. I'll usually repeat myself 2-3 times to see if anyone notices but many times I just get ignored again. I find myself raising my hand a lot in class for help but just being ignored by the teacher, whether they are talking with a student at the time and forget to check on me, or they just straight up think my questions are stupid.

I feel as if many people find me being around them enjoyable. I have a temper, I joke around a lot, never really serious. I tease a lot..I don't really know why.

One of my best friends passed away recently and that hit me hard. It hit me even harder that many people have been disrespecting him after his death.

I routinely get harassed by people in my school, whether it being them calling me names (i.e Faggot, dip shit, retard, etc) and I only have one friend that I can truly say I could talk to but I don't ever talk to them cause I am afraid to disappoint. 

I've talked to the suicide hotline and honestly they weren't helpful at all. I got to talk but it never truly helped so I stopped calling.

I have zero interests in pursuing any real job and I want to go pro in a video game I play but there is 0 chance of that happening due to my temper and it would stop me from ever making it on a team, plus the fact that I suffer from carpal tunnel. 

Another thing that has happened in my life is that I was forced into sexual situations with one of my exes, and physically abused if I didn't comply (scratching/nail digging mainly) and honestly nothing has made me feel more like a bitch then that relationship because I realized that I had a free out when she cheated on me but I still realized I liked her. I wanted to forgive her cause I believe people deserve second chances. And maybe the fact that I thought that she was the only girl I could get due to, in my opinion, shitty looks and bad personality.

I'm planning on sneaking out tonight, taking a nice long walk outside where I know I will end up dying of hypothermia or just freezing in general. I think it would be nice to maybe walk and then watch some of The Office (great show by the way, it's stalled me from ending it a few days ago because I want to see the moment Jim and Pam get together). Freezing to death seems fitting due to it matching the cold, sinking feeling I constantly have in my chest. I don't plan on leaving any good byes, although I guess this could count as a signing off, to any friends or family. Maybe I'll tell one person tonight and see if they can convince me but quite honestly I just don't see myself enjoying my life at all for at least the next 10 or so years and would much rather just end it now instead of suffering 1 more year with these thoughts.

I understand that I am young and that this is a harsh decision, but at this point I've cracked under the pressure of depression. Years of it eating at my thoughts, putting me down, causing me anxiety. It's enough, this has to stop. I put this off for way too long due to me being afraid of hurting others but at this point I need to realize that I am just going to grow up to be a fucking let down.

TLDR; 16 year old bitch, good life, bad mental. Giving up. Nobody's going to read this or care.

Signing off,
Alex