There's gotta be more to living than this, right?I feel caught in an endless cycle of abandonment and self pity, and I'm tired of it. A few months back I realized I didn't really have any friends. Sure I have people I get along with, and sports helped, but I feel like the kid that gets picked last in dodgeball all the time. I feel used by my friends. I can't recall the how many times I've hosted for them or lent them money only to be not invited or paid back. My father treated me like shit for years while I watched him raise my cousin in my place. And he wonders why we have a difficult time connecting. 
The one bright spot in my life, my girlfriend, broke up with me 2 weeks ago. Said that she was unhappy and really thought it best to go our separate ways. As much as I didn't want to, I wasn't going to hold her hostage. It wasn't a messy breakup, she did it over text and has refused to even be near me since, but she ceased all contact with me, unfriended me on different platforms, and deleted old posts of me. Everything was good until a week before, we'd been through highschool together, talked about our futures together, I can't help but wonder what I did for her to change her mind so suddenly, but I'll never know, she won't respond to me. After I told my parents, my mom asked what I did to screw it up. No comfort, nothing of the sort, just how was I wrong. My dad made some lame ass remark about how he told me so in the beginning. I went spiralling for a few days and nobody was there for me, even my two closest friends just said sorry bud. I feel so so alone in this world, but with so many responsibilities to uphold. I haven't made a choice on college yet and have no clue what I want to do now.
I got drunk with some guys on Thursday, probably the most I've felt like me in a while, and my dad finds out and threatens to kick me out. At this point I'm so unmotivated to do anything. I drag myself to work every day for what, money that'll be nonexistent in a couple months? I sold my car to buy a new one, but I have enough money now to cover my late expenses. I spent the day hiking alone and calling the people I thought were my friends, asking how their lives are going. Out of the 20 or so people I called only a couple asked how I was. I just finished a suicide letter, but I'm too afraid to read it over. What's the point, in an hour I wont have to