I don't want to be in this world anymoreLife has been extremely cruel and painful in the recent years. I'm always feeling extremely sad and lonely and I cry myself to sleep on most nights. I feel that if I were to die right now, no one would care and I would be forgotten about quickly. I have no one to share my thoughts with at the moment so I'm sharing them here on reddit in hope that someone may have an answer for me.

I'm suffering so much and I can't hold on anymore. Nothing in life makes me happy anymore, all my hobbies are no longer enjoyable and I find it difficult to socialise with my family and friends. I got my heart broken by a girl earlier this year and I only just got over it. I found another person who was everything I wanted in a relationship. She is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my life that I literally get butterflies and my heart starts beating fast whenever I'm talking to her, she's funny, she's nice to talk to. She's wonderful but I know she doesn't share the same feelings as I do. I know that I'll never find someone as amazing as her and that even if I was to find someone no one would want me anyway. As soon as I recovered from the last my heart got crushed again.

I get bullied at school and the stuff that the kids say to me is horrible and I don't even know why they pick on me. I feel that I am going to be nothing but a failure in life and today I was playing video games with my friends and they started calling me things as a joke and called me things like a loser, etc. While it was a noke it really hurt me and just fed my dark thoughts. 

I really wanted to have kids and find a wife who was amazing. Unfortunately that can't happen anymore as no one loves me and never will. I feel that I am going to die alone so I should just save myself the pain and end it all now. There's nothing keeping me going in life anymore. The only person I wanted doesn't care about me and that truly hurts me. I can't get on the phone to talk to anyone about my problems, I just don't want to live anymore, I can't fight the thoughts anymore.