I'm reaching the end of my limit with these migrainesFor the last two months I have been getting migraines, they tend to hit the females on my mom's side of the family between 20 to 30 years of age. I was so close to not getting them but at age 28, they finally decided to come for me. Some of them family is lucky enough to get through the age without any but most females get it. Two of my cousins didn't get them so I was hoping that I would be the same, but it wasn't to be. 

I'm lucky if I can get a few days between the migraines hitting. I had one time where they left for 9 days and thought they were getting better but then they starting coming on again everyday for a week. They exhaust me, the pain causes me to feel so tired after that I end up sleeping the day away. My mom says that as I age they will get less often and less painful, but I'm not sure I can keep waiting. 

In the last two days I had three migraines, the most often they had ever happen. I had to take a sleeping aid to sleep off the last one since it was so bad that the over-the-counter pain medicine I have been taking wasn't help it. All I could think while taking the sleeping aid is that if it didn't put me to sleep, I just wanted to die instead of feeling that pain. I want to tell someone, a friend, a family member, my husband, anyone but I'm worried they will freak out since years ago I was suicidal and I don't want them to be like that again.

My mom was the last one in her family to get the migraines and she first got them about 30 years ago so I'm hoping that when I go to the doctor, they will have more answers for me than they had for her. The problem is that My husband is the only one with a job and due to issues with student loans his wages are being garnished, he is in the middle of the waiting period for them to review that we can't afford them to garnish his wages, but until then we are barely scraping by so there isn't money for me to go to the doctor. 

At the latest the review for the wage garnishment will be done in December, but I don't know if I can handle these migraines for another month. Heck, I don't know if I can handle them for another week if they keep up like this, I feel like I'm in hell. I feel like my whole life right now is pain, sleeping, and eating. I know the migraines will get better after a few years but I'm not sure I can handle waiting until then.