"What are you doing here, honey? You're not even old enough to know how bad life gets."In a few months (on December 31st, to be exact) it will be my 'deathday'- the day I have marked as my last suicide attempt. After I failed, I spent some time in the hospital, and I decided to give myself a year of really trying to get better before I could attempt suicide again. My year is coming to a close, and I feel more hopeless than ever before. 

I am a 16 year-old senior in high school. This should be the most exciting and free year of my life, but it has been anything but. I had a large group of friends before, but now I have none. There are a couple people I politely eat lunch with to save myself from embarrassment, but we don't talk outside of school or in class. I have really no plans for college, I applied to 4 schools but I really have no intention of going there. Even if I could afford it, nothing about the 'college experience' appeals to me. I live with my single dad (haven't talked to my mom in about a year now, although I heard she got married and the wedding was beautiful). He loves me and I would feel an incredible pain to hurt him, but I am awful to him every day and I don't know why. Waking up and pretending I'm happy sucks everything from me I guess. All that's left when I interact with others is bitterness and anger.

I was assigned 3 different therapists over the course of a year, and none of them felt right. I don't like talking to someone who picks apart every word I say and writes down what they think is important or worrying. I was on Celexa for a year and half before that, but it made my moods wild and unpredictable.

We are reading East of Eden in my literature class now, and the only character I feel a kinship to is Cathy, the supposedly  evil center of the book. My teacher says she shows all the signs of being a psychopath... if I see myself in her, what does that mean?

I haven't tried it all, but at this point I don't care if there is a solution out there. I want to sleep and never wake up.