After 20 yrs of just barely surviving due to being a RSO, I can't fight anymore, and an thinking about just offing myself.*pardon any coarse analogies and language

At 17 I had got in trouble for messing with this girl off and on, having our several times and eventually we got drunk and stoned, partied together. We had what would likely be considered a few 3rd base encounters (making out, touching each other). After like the 4th or so time forget told by my friends that for lack of better terms she is a player, had more than me talking to her etc. So I decide to outflank her and hang out and do our usual thing and not say anything about the stuff that I've heard until the next day and then call her out in front of everybody.

so the next morning I put her on the spot in front of our friends and was like you're talking to other people too and you're always asking me for stuff and leading me to believe that this was on its way to a relationship, like I said something to the effect of how does it feel to have your own game played on you 'cause I'm never talking to you again.

MISTAKE!!

Three or four weeks later I get pulled out of class, the state police want to talk to me. They are asking me all these questions about our encounter. I tell them the truth and that it wasn't the first time we'd messed around, but that once I found out she was doing the same thing with a few other people too I realize she wasn't the type of person I wanted to have his girlfriend.

Several months later I get arrested and charged with statutory CSC. (at this point I'm basically a homeless youth who's getting himself to high school, shitty parents, shitty childhood etc)... 

Long story short; I get a terrible court appointed attorney (my young dumb ass wouldn't have been able to decipher any difference from a good or bad one anyhow) and he works out a plea bargain that he says is going to keep me out of jail and minimal probation...

WRONG!!

Turns out he pled me out to a crime that was a felony instead of the one I was charged with which could have been a misdemeanor under the correct analogy.

and since the laws have changed where I live this terrible plea bargain prevents me from taking advantage of that because it's based solely on conviction.

That was 20 years ago almost to the day, and yesterday I got my  114th or 115th canning from a job \ interview for this misappropriated 20 yrs old charge...
I have never been in any trouble since then. 

I've paid hundreds of dollars to get risk assessments done I different psychologists (results say not a risk..., (imagine my surprise... Lol) I've begged, pleaded, tried and tried and tried.

Yet I can't finish my degree, can't get hired anywhere, can't participate in society in even the most basic sense of the concept.

I'm outta ideas, going bankrupt, and becoming a burden to my friends and family.

I'm constantly depressed and anxious lately, aaaaand ya know.. I'm tired, I can't fight anymore and kinda just wanna quit.. it's a lot of frustration to deal with, I literally cannot take it. I'm afraid I might just do it.