Hit the wall, debt finally caught up with meHi reddit. I'm pretty fucked up so bear with me . I have had suicidal  thoughts and a drive to kill myself since I was 9. Ive never been happy and for my entire life hace been in constant pain over how cruel we are and treat each other. Selfish and terrified.  because I am gay most people see me as generally sub human. I'm tired of living in this shit little game. I used to make art and feel love and emotion but Ive given up all of my passions for the last 3 years so I could work to live. I couldn't make art anymore if I had the time bc I can't remember what it feels like. The only thing that ever helped me understand the world and my place  in it is long dead and meaningless to me. 
I'm 26 and never had a credit card. Never went to college. My human value is extremely low. Id rented apartments in the past so i thought id ve ok. So I thought until today. I don't hate the game any less but I immensely regret not trying to play it while I could because maybe I could still push on. For whatever reason. After the last 4 months scrambling for a living space and being denied over and over hit the end  My credit score is about 500. I owe the irs for some bullshit from years ago that sure wont matter any more. Pennies to them but ended my life.  I can't get approved for anything that would rebuild my credit. In time.  Myl ease is over and I can't afford to stay. Ive tried govt subsidized housing but my landlord doesn't cooperate and I am always dropped. I have nowhere left to go except to live rough and I'll kill myself first. There's nowhere but down from here. If i have to live outdoors I'll lose my job. Nobody to stay with. You probably laugh reading this post. I was a single parents kid and I really didn't see them until they retired and I was about 15 by then. I have never had any financial guidance and havr been horrible with money all my life. I want to live long enough to see all these bankers and politicians decapitated on live tv. My life is worthless. I keep going on and on but I should have swallowed all or them months ago. I'm not dragging out my death 