This life is too much. I could use a comforting word.Hello. 
This is a novel, I apologize in advance. I am a 26 year old female currently living on my own.

TLDR: over the last few years, I found out I was abused as a kid, got in multiple car accidents, got into debt, got better for the most part and dealing with family drama and getting back to normal life. Currently just trying to find a bright side, a reason to continue.


I've been a lurker on Reddit for quite some time, and I've been struggling with depression for a long time, but the last few years feel like I live in a dark abyss. Lately I've been looking for some ways to help myself, because that is where change begins, right? And I desperately want things to change. I'm trying.

I heard about this board today and decided to write a post. I just need to do something, say something. I feel like I will implode at any moment if I don't. Some encouraging words would go a long way. I don't have much in my life in the way of support.

Let me start with a background of my family. We are rife  with problems as a family, though we love each other. My father is a sociopath, and I feel deep pity for him. I was raised in a strict Mormon (LDS) family. My Dad is a teacher in the church, and set on forcing the principles on his family. We were given hour upon hour long lectures about how his word is gospel, law. He has told all of my sisters and myself multiple times that we are going to hell. There were times as a child when he would lock me in a bathroom with the scriptures to read until I learned my lesson. My mother is very passive, she allows this behavior and refuses to leave him, despite him now having many issues himself and being unwilling to provide for his family. I have 3 brothers, and 3 sisters, all of whom are currently also having a hard time, but they refuse to see why and ignore it for the principles of the church. I have long left that environment and am the black sheep. They constantly put me down about it, but I know it was the right thing to do for myself. This is a VERY basic description, ha.

But let's just talk about the last few years now. About 3 years ago, my family lost their home. My father collected money from friends and family and neighbors, including his children, but for some reason was unable to save it. I was at the time giving him quite a bit of money for groceries and gas, and also some to help save the house. When I graduated high school, he made an itemized list of all the things in my life I owed him money for, and I paid him back for that as well in monthly installments. That was my graduation present. Anyway, I digress. He lost the house, and I, thinking it would help take stress off, found somewhere else to live. My sister rented me her basement. I was met with anger. My family accused me of abandoning them. I didn't understand. About this same time my boyfriend and I split up because he cheated, and I went to live at my sisters with a determination to make life great. 
Her house was chaotic. At the time she was just figuring out that she was bipolar. There was constant suicide threats, huge arguments between her and her husband, and I was often taking her children forcibly from the bad times to comfort them in the basement. I know it sounds hokey, but some childhood memories started coming back because of the environment, and long story short, I remembered that I was sexually abused as a kid, and I am 99% sure it was my father. My family exploded. I told one sister, and she told others, it ended with a big family discussion and she confronted my father without telling me or letting me try to come to terms with it. I left and lived with a friend a few cities away, cutting off contact to my family until I felt like I could handle what had happened.
And then, I got in a horrific car accident. It could have been much worse, and I am so grateful that it wasn't. I was on a motorcycle, a truck didn't see me and turned right in front of me last moment. I hit it face first. I broke my jaw, split open my chin to the bone ( 36 stitches) broke all my front teeth. Fractured my leg and tore my meniscus and acl in one knee, the other was so bruised I couldn't move it. Got a concussion and severely bruised my brain. I was diagnosed with Post Concussion Syndrome. I was so lucky. So injured, but so sure I could bounce back. I could barely move so I was forced back home to my parents for care. I appreciated that but it was weird to suddenly be forced into close proximity with the people I felt had betrayed my trust. I made it work. Post concussion syndrome really fucks with you and it took anxiety medication and lots of time for me to feel okay. Fast forward, and I am almost finally healed, and taking a few college classes while I had so much down time. 

I didn't want to be there anymore. My boyfriend at the time proposed that I live with him while we went to school, a few cities away again, and I happily agreed even though I knew my parents would be severely disappointed in me for living with a boy outside of marriage. 
We moved. They were mad. They got over it. 3 months into the lease on our new apartment, two weeks after I finally finished physical therapy...
I am again hit by a truck. Literally. Again.
This time I was in the passenger seat, and a truck ran a clear red light and t-boned the car I was in. 
This time I broke my collarbone, tore a bunch of muscles again, another concussion, gashes in my face from the windows breaking. A bunch of stitches. Again, lucky to be alive. But this time... Very distraught. I had just healed... 
I pulled myself out of that car on my hands and knees through the glass. My collarbone was fractured so close to my shoulder that they weren't sure if it would heal right. I was told to be very still. As still as possible so it could heal correctly. I again needed a lot of help. I was on a lot of meds. My shoulder didn't heal. X-Ray after x-ray it stayed the same, so after four months of being in a sling, my shoulder was frozen and I was booked for surgery. After the surgery, I was still waiting for the settlement from my first accident. Bill collectors calling me 24/7. Thousands upon thousands of dollars in medical and school debt. Teeth still broken. My boyfriend was not handling all this well, falling apart trying to pay for our apartment and go to school, and it was his first time on his own... He was in over his head. He didn't help with anything except bills, which I paid him back for when I got my settlement... I did all the cleaning I could muster while I was injured, the rest was just dirty all the time. He made me feel crazy, stupid, like I wasn't handling anything at all. Convinced me I wasn't worth the time he HAD to put into me because no one else would. Anyway one night he was drunk and we had sex and he didn't tell me he wasn't wearing a condom. We had been having a lot of issues, I felt really bad about myself, so really... I let him to what he wanted. A month later... I was pregnant. Still in a along, recovering from surgery, reeling, I got so sick I was throwing up all day every day for weeks, after one night where I almost died... I got an abortion, even though I firmly believe in adoption. I couldn't handle it. Not one bit. I was having violent mood swings even before that, I could barely walk across the street without extreme anxiety, and getting in cars caused panic attacks. A little while after the abortion I was diagnosed with PTSD, and put back on a mood stabilizer/anti-anxiety medication. I finally got my settlements and paid my medical bills, fixed my teeth, and I basically had no money left and still some debt. I was going to therapy. Feeling a lot better but still full of anxiety and depression. My boyfriend was being borderline abusive and I told him he could leave. He did. 

I was isolated by him for two years while everyone thought he was taking care of me. People get weird when they don't know how to help... The few friends I had distanced themselves. So when he left... I was alone. In an apartment I couldn't afford, and people who didn't understand why I had PTSD, and couldn't just get over it. My medication was making me crazy. I got a promising job, only to have someone commit fraud and it shut down without being able to pay me for the time I worked. 
I started dating a guy and he became a stalker. I went to my family for help and they all had their own things going on, too much to even consider me. My father was on trial for fraud, was gambling money away, and my 56 year old mother with severe allergies was (and still is) working in the GARDEN department at a hardware store which makes her continually sick to pay for his debt and their bills. They are on their third house lost, about to lose this one too. My teenage brothers do nothing but be depressed and play video games. My three brothers are all guilt ridden and brainwashed by my Dad, my three sisters have a lot of children and one had some medical problems and the other thyroid cancer. Instead of receiving help, I ended up helping them. They needed it. I turned in evidence against my father because he WAS committing fraud, not to mention ruining the credit of everyone in my family and closing down endless bank accounts in the negative. They are upset. I watched my sisters kids. I comforted my Mom. I talked things out with my brothers, I still do when they need it. They have no one to talk to either. 

I finally met a nice guy, but he doesn't understand where I am coming from. He doesn't know how to reassure. He has a very stable family and doesn't understand why mine is the way it is... But then again neither do I. He can't even remotely relate. Never even broken a bone, or gotten a parking ticket. To pay for my apartment, I got two jobs, which I currently work at. 50+ hours a week. It was a huge change from being basically immobile and agoraphobic. Very overwhelming but I have nowhere else to go. I'm finally feeling stable enough to handle a roommate, and now I am off my medication because I felt it made me suicidal... And honestly I couldn't afford the doctor anymore, or my therapist. 
Just got a roommate, moves in tomorrow. Random medical bills keep popping up that my lawyers and insurance were SUPPOSED to pay for, but somehow are now in my hands.
I am in a better place now than I have been in years... But it seems fruitless. I feel so burdened. I was out of the loop for so long I forgot how to live. My father just got out of jail. My mother is still standing by him. Everything with my family is still the same... And I've come to terms that there is nothing I can do except become stable and help when I can. 
Everything is scary. Without my medication I am once again full of anxiety... I never dealt with my PTSD fully. It is much better, but still very hard to deal with. So here I am. Waiting for more terribleness, brain malfunctioning, unable to pay for medical treatment, and constantly feeling like it is not worth it to live this way. Everyone betrays. Everything hurts. All decisions lead to pain. I can't stop thinking. I'm finally sleeping and eating well for the most part. Finally free of injury and physical therapy, finally..
I told myself life would be better if I could just.. Get through it. I did.
But what now? I'm so lost. I feel like a child who doesn't know how to take care of herself. I got through every minute, every hour, then everyday. 
Here I am. I feel broken. I feel like there is no point. If all that could happen to me, anything could, and will. And I don't have the willpower to continue this uphill battle. I've filled out a form for a sliding pay psychiatrist but I have no idea how I will get there for appointments... I'm reading books, trying to exercise and eat healthy, getting a license in electrical work. But I don't want to feel this way anymore. I'm carrying around so much. It's heavy. I need to talk to someone. I'm trying. I'm trying so hard. But I have this sinking, nagging thought in my head that it will never be enough. Lightning will strike, and one way or another, it'll be the death of me. I'm so very, very tired. 

Thanks for reading. Please talk to me if you understand, or have any comforting words. 
