How should I do itI guess my depression started back after my dad had committed suicide when I was 9 with a gunshot to the torso \(not sure where\). I was constantly moving around from home to home with my mom ever since my parents divorced at 3. She was always moving me and my sisters, getting a new guy, letting them treat me however they wanted as well did she to me. I've got severe anxiety and depression and currently at 19 I've tried to off myself multiple times. Almost a week ago my husband and I got into a really bad argument where he head butted me multiple times and then smashed my dead dogs urn \(Had to put him down back in March\). After another hour or so of screaming and yelling I grabbed the baggie of adderall I had and downed the pills right in front of him and his little brother. Some of the pills hit my taste buds so I had a foul taste in my mouth, making me gag and puke up a small amount of the pills. I still at this point had a lot of mg of adderall in my body enough to at least induce something, which it did. Him and his brother left me home not even an hour later so they could go to the beach, leaving me lying on the bed in the basement, shaking with cold sweats, rising temperature, heart pounding, passing out every time I would sit up or stand. During the argument he had smashed my phone, so I had no contact with anyone as I was laying there feeling the most panic I've felt in my life. Nobody called the hospital. 2 nights ago I started seeing a man around the corner staring at me. I was in a panic constantly looking at him. I kept hearing voices upstairs and it sounded like someone smashed a window. Nobody was upstairs no window had been smashed. I kept waking my husband up by accident with my terrified gasps every time I would see one of the shadow people my brain was having me see. Yesterday I had an overcoming of rage and started to cut my wrist \(which I've never done before\) and started telling myself I deserve every single cut I give myself and every bruise he gives me. After about 20 minutes of this I go downstairs and began breaking things; when he came downstairs he questioned why I was doing what I was doing which in turn made me angry as I screamed at him and went after him towards the throat. Once I got hold he barely had the strength to get my hand off of him and pin me to the bed. He kept holding me down trying to calm me down which in turn just made me angrier and angrier until I managed to get him of, grab a screwdriver, and try to stab him. After an hour or so of this he finally called an ambulance, they took me to the hospital and asked me the normal suicide questions \(he told them about how I tried to kill myself with the pills\). I just kept telling them no to every question. They asked me where the cuts came from I told them they just appeared. They asked me about the pills I denied it. I think they knew I should have been admitted but they asked my husband and his brother if they think I'm still a danger and they said no. Every day since the incident I've just constantly wished it would have worked, constantly researching how to do it. I'm stuck on 3 ways, gun shot, hanging, and carbon monoxide but I'm not entirely sure which way would be the best. Please don't comment with "get help" "don't do it" and blah blah blah all that stupid crap. I just want to know which way would be the most efficient and will actually get the job done.