Anybody else want to do it, but overwhelmed by wrapping up the details so as not to leave a burden?Lifelong depressed, family history of Bipolar and Schizo. Hit my 40's and I'm just......... so tired. Tried the good (doctors/pills) and the bad (booze/pills), nothing worked, just super bored and tired, feel like I've stayed too long at a party I didn't even want to attend. There's the super emotional, out-of-their-mind, jump-in-front-of-a-train situation, but I am more the super tired, sardonic, numb, detached, laughing at how stupid it all is, calculating-how-to-end-the-pain-and-boredom kind.
Anyway, none of that is debatable and nothing anyone can type on an internet page is going to change that. My question is, am I the only one who wants to actually tie things up neatly so as not to cause a big headache for everyone when I go? Like, I need to give notice at my apartment, throw away/donate EVERYTHING I don't care about, carefully sort and wrap and label everything I want to give to whomever. I have stuff in storage that needs to be paid for until someone cares enough to go sort through it. I have a big roster of clients for whom I've completely managed their entire careers, so I feel like I need to organize all their assets and make them easily available to whomever picks up after me (maybe put it all in Dropbox-es?). I'd wanted to wait till my parents died, they've had a really rough road with my two complete fuckup brothers (I was the 'perfect one' HA!) and when I go, all their houses and business will fall into the laps of alcoholic idiots. Not much I can do about that, I guess...
Anyway, all that is to say, there's just SO MUCH to do... I get (even more) exhausted thinking about it. I don't believe that I will "go on" in any spiritual way after death, I'm an atheist. But I'm not an asshole, and I know my loved ones will "go on" after I die, and I don't want to leave a big mess. DAMN IT, why can nothing be simple?! I wish there was a service to take care of all this... I posted this late last night, but it was too late and only one person saw it.