I want to say goodbye so badlyHey guys, I am sorry if this causes anyone any sort of distress but I do not have anywhere else I can go. I am a seventeen-year-old boy living in the United States and I have been fighting against myself for what feels like forever and I just want it to end. There has never been a day in my life where I have the slightest motivation to do anything. Last year, my junior year of high school, I failed two classes because I did not do any work at all for them because to be entirely honest I did not expect to be alive to type this post. I have successfully fucked myself over again in a course and I think this is it. I know that killing myself is a very selfish thing to do, one of my mother's best friends killed himself about this time last year and I saw how it affected her. However, my first attempt at my life was when I was 15. Since there I have had countless moments standing atop a chair with a noose around my neck trying to talk myself into kicking it out from under me. To be honest, if it was not for the fact that I have a girlfriend of a year who has also struggled with this issue then I would have done it by now. I know if I do this she will be hurt, but I do not think I can take it anymore. I did not have the energy to keep living two years ago and since then I have only been drained more. I started consuming copious amounts of cannabis, at the height smoking in more than ten separate sessions a day. This is the only way I have ever managed to get any joy out of life other than the off chance that I get to go out and do something with people I enjoy being around. My mother hates me because of my grades, she does not think I will amount to anything and I know she is right. I know killing myself will still hurt her and every time I go to do it I think about my dad coming to get me up in the morning and finding me dangling. They do not deserve that. Lately, I have been fighting the urge to not wrap my car around one large oak tree on the side of the road I pass on my way to school every morning and on the drive home. At this point, I certainly do not think I am going to make it out of high school. As it stands now I do not think I will make it to the end of the semester. I just see no point in it. I successfully made my life a mess and am too much of a coward to face it myself. I just do not want to deal with anything anymore, I am so fucking tired of it all. I am sorry for ranting if anyone actually bothered to read this bullshit. Also sorry for not including paragraphs but I cannot be bothered.