Within the last half hour, I have lost everything that means anything to me. My life is over.My best friend and essentially SO of five years randomly texted me while I was walking to work from the grocery store today, and went completely apeshit. 

Apparently, My roommate went into my room looking for something and saw her jacket sticking out of my laundry bag. I had intended upon doing laundry (which I had been doing her laundry for her for the last couple weeks anyway, so this is not anything out of the ordinary) so hers was mixed in with mine. She took this to mean that I was stealing from her. 
She contacted my best friend and told him that I was stealing from her and sleeping around. I had had a couple friends over, they drank and smoked some weed and were unfit to drive so I had let them spend the night so they wouldn't wreck. Three different people slept over on entirely different occasions, and I did not have sex with any of them. 

I hurried home to find some of my things outside on the sidewalk. 

I went inside to see if I could figure out what the hell happened, and got into a massive verbal altercation with said roommate. She accused me of theft etc, and I explained to her what was really going on. 

Off topic, but she's had a spinal injury in a car accident in the past and because of this, her spinal cord has been pressing up against her brain stem. According to the doctor that she recently visited, this means that her left brain is losing all function. Her right brain is fine, but the bit that controls logic and reasoning is completely kaput. 
So that explains why she didn't take any of my logic or reasoning into account, and in fact entirely ignored it and exaggerated everything that happened upon passing on the information to my SO. 

So now I'm homeless AGAIN because of this ridiculous occurrence, and not only that but I've lost what only support system I had left in my life. 
My mother isn't any help, she's married to a dude that hates me because I do't agree with the way he takes advantage of my mother. 
My father is not any help, because he was never there for me growing up at all and doesn't even barely acknowledge my existence. 

So here's where I am right now. 

I've built the plans for my life based around being with my best friend, and now all that is completely abolished. I have no idea what to do. This isn't just an issue of 
"oh, I got dumped and I'm better off without him"
No, in all reality, he's made me who I am today and without him I'm nothing. 

He told me I have no self control. 

I've been more loyal to him than he even knows, and now because of something a total stranger told him, he doesn't believe anything I say. 

It's all pretty much over for me. He was the only good thing in my life and now he's gone. He isn't answering his phone or any of my text messages. 

As soon as I can figure out how to get all my things to my sister, I'm hanging myself. 
I'm not going to be convinced out of it, I'm going to do this regardless of what anyone says. I just wanted to get everything out somewhere. 

tl;dr:
my SO dismissed every rebuttal I had for an accusation a stranger made and disowned me, I'm homeless again and everything I've worked for for the last two years is null and void. Life has become pointless, therefore I'm ending it. 

Update: I also just received word that my only remaining grandparent is dying. Just the cherry on top. 