Suicide Note - Final Goodbye.2 Days till I go back to see Mr.White, my probation officer. It's been 4 months I think. I get off in January. My grades at the moment are shit and I currently go to online school. 

They're gonna force me back to regular school. My parents threatened to do it but they don't know why I begged to be in online school. There were rumors going around school that I raped some girl, I didn't. I would never. I lost everyone.  

I tried so hard just to get friends and try to be happy but none of them were real other than 6. I'd like to thank Omar, Jenna, Eduardo, Aish, Aj, and lastly, Ronaldo. You guys were the greatest friends anyone could have had. Thank you for not leaving me. I'm sorry that it has to go about this way but I can't take it anymore. My parents are alcoholics. My life has just been falling apart.  

If they do make me go back to that school, there's many ways that I'm gonna go but I can't say them due to rules.

 My brothers and sister, you guys are amazing. Joshua, I'd like to thank you for the passed 3 weeks. The time that I got to spend with Evelyn (my niece) was great. I hope she grows up to do amazing things. I love you, Josh. You truly are one of the most amazing hardworking people I know. please don't change. Shane, I know we never got along well and that you constantly struggle with life because you're bipolar but just please promise me you'll stay strong and work at keeping your son happy. I love you, Shane. As for you Matthew, Thanks for being here for me, being a brother I know I tease you a lot but it's because I love you. Go on and become the Chef you always wanted to be. Margaret, You're only 5 right now. I doubt you'll remember much of me since you're at that age but I want you to know that I love you. You're an amazing sister and I know you'll do great things. 

Mom and Dad. Don't think this is your fault, because it isn't. It's stress. I couldn't take it anymore. I couldn't tell anyone because I was too scared. I didn't need more stress. You guys are amazing parents. Thank you for everything. 

Finally, to Farah. My one true love. I'm sorry that I had to go like this and that we didn't see each other as much as we wished, but I'd like to thank you for the help. You're truly the most beautiful, smart, funny, and just outstanding girl I've ever met. I love you so so so very much. Please don't do this to yourself.  

Andy, I'd like to thank you for the hundreds of hours we played battlefield together, laughing, and making childish jokes. It was good man. You're an amazing man. Please stay strong for me. 

As for you citizens of Reddit, thank you for the good times. I just.. can't fathom how many of you there are but you're all amazing people. Thank you, and cheers.


 

Signing off, 

 xXminilex

