I (18M) tried jumping off the bridge connecting New York to New Jersey, and “God/the universe” saved meSo, I have bipolar depression, which I figured was important to know coming in. 
It was in June of this year. I’d been dating this girl for about ten months, and the relationship was pretty much abusive in every way imaginable (she abused me). She always flirted with other guys, and made sure she did it around me because of some sick twisted logic she had. The thing is, I let it slide because I loved her and figured that she was probably the best I could ever do. I guess, maybe this is silly, but one time we were at a party at a beach for one of our friends birthdays and they were doing shots of vodka off of each others stomachs, and this guy she’d especially been flirting with asked who wanted to let him lick vodka off their stomach 


She immediately volunteered and I sat and watched as he licked up and down her body, going as far up to her right under her boobs and as far down as to the top of her pelvis, even almost into her fucking bathing suit.


And maybe it was because I was a bit drunk, maybe that was the last straw, I don’t know. But that day I broke and just told myself “I don’t deserve to live anymore”. And i felt so stupid because half my friends at the party were telling me that was fucked up, but the other half just told me to stop being a bitch, so to this day I wonder if I was justified in doing what I did afterwards.


I chugged a bunch of vodka straight from the bottle (I don’t remember how much), and left Coney Island beach to go to the George Washington bridge so I could kill myself.


I took three trains there, and even a bus at the end. I threw up a couple of times on the way, disturbing some people but not getting too much attention, until I finally got off the bus and walked a block to the bridge.


I walked towards the bridge’s rail with a sense of freedom I hadn’t felt in a long time, muttering things to myself that I haven’t been able to remember. Then I blacked out.

I woke up to a flashlight in my face and the sound of two men talk to eachother. They asked me what my name was, what I’d been doing, all sorts of questions which I could barely answer at the time.
After that I was involuntarily admitted to the hospital and stayed there for a month.


So yeah, I blacked out right before I could reach the railing. Not at the three hour train ride I’d been on, or even the fifteen minute bus ride. Seconds before the end, and “God/the universe”saved me. 


I put that into quotes because I don’t know what to think of it, and I’ve never been religious, or believed that everything happens for a reason.


I just don’t know why everything happened when it did, and ever since that day I’ve felt like a corpse walking the earth.

What do I do?