Honestly just don’t know what to do anymore(21F) My life could definitely be worse of course but I feel this extremely heavy weight over my whole persona and heart and mind just makes me want to die more and more each day. My spirit just feels broken. 
I work, I live with my boyfriend who I love dearly and am very close with but I feel just doesn’t care about me as much as I hoped and thought he would which perhaps is the sensitive sad side of me assuming but that is a whole different essay to write about, I overthink so so much and I feel so mentally and emotionally weak that I can’t even bring myself to try to go to school. I don’t really have family and I know my ‘friends’ feel like longterm acquaintances so they don’t matter they’re all out there doing fine and better than I am and It feels like I’m really just living for my little sister because nothing is here for me and she’s all I have. Nobody there for me. Not even me dude. I try so hard every day to be strong and put on this facade of “I’m doing good” “I’m THAT bitch” “You’re stronger than this” “Look for the silver lining” “Be patient” “Open your mind” “Remember your goals” “What are you grateful for, list them” 
“Breathe.” 
But at the end of the day I just find myself wishing and praying to whoever or whatever listens that I could die in my sleep or by accident very soon. Shit, take my soul! I don’t care.. Because nobody would genuinely care except my little sister. And I’ll be honest I truly do have a fear of being alone and abandoned. I’ve battled suicidal tendencies majority of my life and some times it actually got pretty horrible and almost close and that hangs over my head a lot it seems. Like really am I THAT stupid and weak that I can’t even do that right? Trying to do myself and whoever’s in my life or will be in my life a favor here. I’m too much it seems yet not enough. I’d rather stop my whole existence than be reminded if this every day. It hurts so badly. 
I sometimes barely have control over my thoughts and what I get triggered by for I do have mental and other health issues that sometimes go hand in hand against me but I thought I’d be strong enough by now to overcome them. Nope. I carry so much trauma from what has happened in my life so far already, it haunts me to no ends and is probably the beacon of my depression and pain in my heart just fear and uncontrollable anxiety. 
I just simply feel like I’m not cut out for this shit. Why should I suffer this much after trying so hard for a life I wish more than anything that I didn’t have in the first place. I used to see therapists when i was younger and out into hospitals and nothing ever did anything, as an adult I’m not interested in “seeking help” because I know how it all goes and I know I feel so deep in this hole nothing will mend even when I try so so so hard with myself. I put others before myself and find joy in making others happy and helping, why can’t I be important and worthy to live a happy life? Everything hurts me. How could I be strong but this fragile at the same time? Why do I have to have such a big heart? Why even be hopeful and eager? 
I just hate it. 
Hoping all of my efforts are recognized one day, 
I know that I’ll keep on keeping on and whatnot but soon enough I know that I’ll just be so fed up and done and pushed to a point that I’ll someday rather drop dead from an episode of mine or finally just kill myself off. Sign me out of this game because I really don’t want to play anymore. 
Getting my shit together with all of this on front of me is so difficult, I’m suffering in silence and just attempting to make it by every hour. 
I am grateful. I am hopeful. I am still here and trying my best. But I am exhausted at such a young age and I’m so scared.