I can't see the point in anything anymoreHi,

I'm sitting at my office at work. But I can't concentrate on anything. I keep thinking that I wish everything would just end. I have no faith that anything will get better.

From the outside, I guess my life is okay. I have a job as a researcher. I own my apartment. I have a few friends and some family to spend time with. I have a boyfriend who lives close by. I play music. Well, I used to...

But everything seems completely pointless. I mean, we're all ultimately alone. No one can help me feel better. But I only feel better when I feel secure that my friends won't leave me. But neither they nor my boyfriend will ever be able to promise me that. I can spend an evening in my own company, and I know I'll be okay. But what is the point of living if it's not to be something for or do something with someone else?

I had an upbringing with multiple types of abuse where I really couldn't rely on anyone. Every time I feel the slightest fear of someone being angry/annoyed with me now, it takes me back to that feeling of being completely alone. I have spent countless hours with a therapist, tried meditation, done yoga, you name it. But none of it makes me feel okay. I only feel okay when someone says they love me unconditionally and forever. But going through a tough break-up last year after 7 years together - how can I trust that promise from anyone if I can't even keep it myself?

I am doing so badly at work now. I haven't produced anything of value in more than a year. I have a new coworker who takes every chance she gets at picking on me and talking badly about me to other coworkers.

I can't talk to anyone, because my friends get sick of me being sad all the time. They have even started to not invite me to their parties now. My boyfriend can't handle it when I'm sad so he doesn't know I just want to leave this world and be done with it all.

I have thought about this for more than a year now, and I get increasingly certain that it's the only way to stop the pain.

I think writing this is to see if anyone out there would care even the slightest. Because it seems like I've used up my options in the group of people I know.