I'm just wasting away.I am not really sure what to do anymore. Right now I should be doing a 5000 word essay due the 19th of this month and another due on the 22nd. But here I am just slouching on the couch, listening to video game music and smoking weed. 

Those essays are all resits btw, already failed them once. Why? Because I hate this course. I really hate. I just really hate this course for real. I’m only taking this course because of my parents. But see, here’s the thing; They did let me take the course I wanted. Unfortunately during the Foundation Year, I passed all but one subject (Math, I’ve never been good at it, and I’m so devastated by how much it’s holding me back). I’ve lost all direction and have no idea what to do.

What do I do??? Where do I even go from here??? I’ve been feeling so drained, it’s hard to get up from bed nowadays (I look a lot skinnier in the mirror too). I don’t really have anyone to talk to about these things. Family? my dad isn’t the kind of person I enjoy being around; we don’t have much in common so conversation usually doesn't go anywhere, and he's just generally unpleasant to talk to (Majority of them get heated). Mom’s nice but she doesn’t really understand how I'm feeling. My brother is a control-freak and has a god-complex, he’s just pure evil (2 years ago, I learn that I wasn't planned for, how? From him, and he's used it to mock me). Friends? I didn’t keep in touch with anyone from middle school, and I wasn’t liked by most in high school (one of the “uncool” kids, tough times). At this point, talking to people has become this really hard and scary ordeal (I usually only leave home to get groceries now).

I just feel like a huge disappointment. I see how hard my dad works for us and I end up feeling bad about all the times I let him down (which as you can guess, is majority of the time). I don't have any known talent and my grades were generally subpar. I was pretty much just laughed at majority of high school, and I've never had a girlfriend. Nothing's ever really gone right for me. As a kid in bed at night, I used to stare at the ceiling and cry myself to sleep when I was younger. The tears don't come anymore but this feeling of hopelessness sure isn't going anywhere. I’m always home, lonely and tired. I don’t know what I’m doing with my life, I don't even think I'm capable of amounting to anything, I so badly wish I could fall asleep and never have to wake up ever again.