I'm 14 and It's hard to put up with so much pressure because I'm homeless and of school and trying to act normal.I'm technically homeless and I'm 14. All the pressure of having to study to get good grades and get a job and earn money and what would happen if I didn't genuinely scares me. My physiology isn't the greatest either as I got pneumonia twice when I was 5-6 years old and I still currently have Asthma. As I said, I'm 14 and it feels like my body is just about to burst from all the pressure my family has mounted onto me. My mother and father always repeat the same fucking words and sentences which makes me want to end it all even more; "Your father and I couldn't succeed in life so you have to get good grades, get a good job and earn money and take care of us!". Keep in mind I am 14 so I have to figure out how to earn money from scratch and there are so many fucking things that I have to do like so many fucking insurances, taxes, earn money down payment houses earn money for fucking college that I definitely don't have enough for so I have to start earning enough morning by part time jobs as soon as I finish school/high school and then I have to study for college whilst trying to earn money and take care of my parents because they're getting old. I don't even know where I'm going to be living in a few years, I'm currently staying at my relative's with my parents but they only took us in because they were worried about me because I was 5-6 years old at the time and now I'm getting older and going into higher grades and I'm afraid that they're going to kick us out at any given time so I have to put up with the pressure of all those fucking things that are driving me insane. My mom might have some mental issues because of all the strain on her too so she says unreasonable things and scolds me and stuff. I got a 91% on my last exam but my parents did give me a bit of recognition, I'm in 9th grade and I got 91% on my tests so when I go into higher grades then I will have to put up with hard fucking studies while earning money and taking care of my parents and trying to find a place to settle. And it's so fucking hard trying to act normal in front of everyone. In reality I'm studying like hell but my parents only ever see me when I'm playing some games so they say that I'm a useless piece of shit who does nothing but play video games. \*\***I have to act like a fucking normal 14 year old whilst I have the pressure to fucking earn every single thing you need to stay alive in this corrupt fucking society so it's even harder to sustain life and I have to do it by fucking scratch, I think normal 14 year old's aren't tasked with such hard pressure most of the time\*\***