Well Reddit... I've shined twice as bright. I wonder if this is the halfway point...I guess right now I don't even know where to begin with the mess I call a life. Everyone sees me smile, joke, laugh, relax, and otherwise looks like I'm just enjoying life. Truth be told every moment I have nothing on my mind, the only thing I can possibly think about are ways of disappearing forever. Like I never existed. Some will miss me. Some will pretend. 

I have had some terrible relationships, terrible jobs, and people who have heavily abused my good nature. But maybe at the same time I just needed to harden up - which I guess I thought I could do. But it always falls apart. 

This January I truly fell in love. I truly found someone with a connection which despite numerous relationships I have failed to find. She's such a wonderful woman. Maybe too wonderful. Too good to be true. I think I jinxed it. I'm shy to go into details because I don't trust anyone. Now I'm just feeling pain. I don't have friends or family to turn to. They've all just come and gone with the wind. I think I've reached my tether. I'm too worn out - too drained - too ruined - too tainted and far too smashed to pieces to get up this time. I've been fighting for so long getting to this point and it will never get easier - I'm not someone to give up easily - but right now? I am so very very close. To anyone on Reddit that may know me personally - the name clue is: Mr Gallardo. If you know this name from a previous time then you'll know who I am. But for those who wish to put a face to a name:
http://www.heritagecrystal.com.au/lol/tatt%20bored.jpg

Truth is I don't know what to feel anymore. Everytime I feel in a mood of laughter, happiness, joy or zeal, there's always a counteracting negative force twice as strong - and no, I'm not being negative - the hell I get put through is always twice as bad as the good things that happen. I laugh and have fun less now for fear of what the consequences might be. 

Well Reddit... I'm going to try to think this one out - but truly I don't know what to do anymore. If I haven't replied in 24 hours, please assume the worst - because I don't want to disappoint anymore. Just as I don't know what love is anymore. Just as I don't know why I need to keep my kind natured spirit in a world that I cannot change - the good are rejected into darkness, the bad thrive like a choking weed - destroying all good things. And it's going to destroy me.
