I wish people would let me go.I know this will get no attention, but I needed to write it down. 


I have been suicidal since a child. I have spent most of my life unbearably depressed, and I am exhausted. 


I cannot continue with this existence, because it hurts so much. 


I have tried so many different medications, therapy, councilors, self help, doctors visits - you name it I've tried it. And nothing has helped. At most, all they did was dull the pain to a constant ache. 


I strongly believe that ending my life is my own right, and that forcing me to stay alive is cruel and inhumane. 


I have a good full time job, a nice rented house, a nice car, and some nice belongings. I don't have many friends but the ones I do have are incredible. 


But even with all of this, I do not want to live any longer. I know for a fact that nothing is going to change my mind set to make me enjoy living. I didn't choose to be created. And I wish I hadn't been. 


I've spoken about my wish to end my life to a very select few people, and all of them have had the same response - that I cannot die because it would break their heart. 


Now I like to think of myself as a good person. I go out of my way to try and make others happy. I would never intentionally hurt or upset someone. So knowing that my death would cause pain upsets me to no end. 


But what I can't get them to understand is that my life is so painful, I am crumbling everyday I am on this earth. 


How can I get them to understand my point of view? 


I understand that loss is a terrible thing, and grieving is a painful and long process. But it is nothing compared to what I am living everyday. 
For me, their upset at my death would only be temporary. Whereas my life is a constant source of hurt. 


I have made a plan to end my life. I know the location. I know how I'm going to do it. I have written a letter to put in my pocket for the paramedics to find. I will even call them just beforehand so they are the first to find me rather than a member of the public. I have set money aside for my bills to be paid off. I have set up that my body will be donated to science so a funeral won't be necessary. I've written letters to those I care about. I've written a basic will that dictates what to do with my possessions. I've even written a letter to my boss to ensure work won't be affected without me. 


I have everything in place ready for me to leave this world. And I am honestly looking forward to the day when it ends. 


I just wish I could make people understand that I am not doing this to hurt them. 


J am doing this because I cannot stand the pain anymore.