Need major help. Involves two suicidal girls where one is persuading the other "to go" at the same timeI really don't know if this is the right place to post this, but I seriously need some help. First off I want to say this doesn't involve me but a girl that I've been dating who I care about a lot (for simplicity let's call her Jane), and I really can't bear to see her get hurt! She told me yesterday about everything she's been going through with these two girls that she knows, and I was fucking speechless, normally I'm great at giving advice, especially when depression is involved, but fuck me I just couldn't.. 



Basically for like a few weeks this girl, let's call her betty, has been coming up to her and telling her how she's sick of life, how she has nothing to live for and just how suicidal she is, she'd go on to tell Jane about the different types of ways she wants to kill herself and goes on to say how she'll end up doing it this weekend and so on. I think the main cause is ket abuse, but she still does it. I want to say here that Jane and Betty know each other, but not even that well. Jane is pretty much that girl that warm, open, loving and people always think it's ok to confide in her.





So Jane has been dealing with this girl, talking to her, trying to get her out of it, but nothing seems to be working, Betty is past the point of caring for anyone and anything, even her dad who she loves more than anything.. It even got to the point where Betty, two days ago tried to kill herself by Over dosing on pills in Janes house, on her bed...
Betty will not go to a doctor because she knows there'll be a strong chance she'd be institutionalised or sectioned...




Now I'm gonna introduce girl number two, let's call her sophie, this girl suffers from depression, she's on antidepressents, but they're not working. Jane and Sophie are like best friends, and Jane didn't know until very recently how bad Sophie's depression has been, and how Sophie has been going through these suicidal thoughts as well. Now here comes the truly fucked up part. Betty has been talking to Sophie and trying to convince Sophie to commit suicide and to do it with her, and to leave this world together, I can't remember what the outcome of this was, and where Sophie stood with it, but I do remember Jane telling me that it would destroy her if Sophie committed suicide, like she would not be able to cope with that, and how fucking angry she was at Betty for doing what she's doing.
I think Betty and Jane are actively looking for a psychiatrist, for Betty.



Now Jane has gone to her university counsellor for advice and her advice to Jane was to simply leave Betty alone... Which actually shocked me incredibly.. 




What do you guys think Jane should do, I really want to help her but I really don't know what to say, what she's going through or what would be "right" in terms of what Jane should do. 
I do not know any of the two girls who are suicidal, I only know Jane. Knowing Jane, if anything happens to any of these two girls then she will 100% blame herself. 



Ofc I'm going to be there for Jane no matter what, and she's told me how just by being around me it cheers her up and she gets happier but at the same time I feel so useless with it all.. 