I can’t get it off my mind.I’m 22. I’m not old, I know that. I’m probably too young to draw any conclusions about life right now. But I’m just so tired. I’m so done.

I work in social services with at-risk kids. Kids that were like me. Kids that have the same traumas I do. I’ve been doing my job a long time, and I’m good at it. I love it. It gives me purpose and reason. But it’s exhausting and I constantly feel like I’m having so little impact. I feel like I’m drowning and can’t keep up- like nothing I do will ever be enough because the need for my position itself is a reminder that there is so much evil in the world.

I don’t want to live in an evil world.

And there’s sobriety- which I work my ass off for. 78 days and counting. I haven’t had anything *close* to that in 6 years. That’s a victory every second, I know it is. I can’t argue it isn’t.

I have someone who calls me their brother, treats me like it, respects me and understands me. Never had a best friend like that before. Second positive thing. The outside motivation has been a game changer.

Then there was a girlfriend, but I scared her off. Once she knew about the trauma, she couldn’t stay. I understand. She meant no harm. She saw a relapse, she saw the struggle. She’s young and that’s new to her, she had to protect her heart. But I loved her and I still do, and I don’t know where those feelings go when the person you love isn’t there to receive them.

So it’s been on my mind. I mean, it has been. Since an attempt three months ago. And the attempt six months before that. And now it doesn’t go away. It did, for a few days. There were a few days I couldn’t believe I was so happy. I was so motivated. I felt good and ready to take on the world. I was genuinely ok and genuinely happy.

I don’t know what happened. How to bring those feelings back. 

There’s AA every Thursday. NA every Sunday. First appointment with the new shrink next Tuesday- and honestly, she seems really great. She wants to get me. She wants in to my head. I think she could help me.

But it doesn’t go away. It claws at my brain every waking moment. I don’t want to be awake. But I can’t sleep. I don’t want to be sober. But I’d be so ashamed of myself if I wasn’t. 

I don’t know what to do. What do you do when every second is a battle? When you’ve already given up on yourself? I don’t want to leave holes in anyone’s life where I’m supposed to be. I just don’t know what to do. Everything hurts so badly and I don’t want to live with it anymore.