The End Is Near. I guess I came here to Reddit to portray and exemplify my last words before I commit suicide (I will not be committing it tonight because I don't have the necessary tools, but, I have decided). Life has never gone the way I wanted it to turn out to be and I simply and purely just dread living. I have no true talents or skills, I am in no way intelligent or smart, I have suicidal ideations everyday and every second because I don't fathom life or what it has in store for people like me (people like me as in suicidal and heavily depressed individuals). All I ever do is think too much and just over analyze everything in my head like some kind of analytical computerized robot. I've had feelings and ideations like these for about 7 years and still continuing from this day. I am 16 now, and I don't have a bright future at all in store for; I'm basically an insignificant human on the face of this Earth. I don't fathom or like myself at all in any way, shape, or form. I view the world quite differently than others in the sense that everything has a balance. There's the portion of the population of the Earth that has a good and prosperous life and future, and then there's the unfortunate half that have a really hopeless and doomed life and future. This world operates differently toward certain groups of organisms; For instance, with humans, some people just don't get the respect or love from other people as other individuals do. Another example is how people don't get what they want that they worked so hard for while other people get it just by a single whim. I understand that this post might create controversy among all you Reddit subscribers and users, but, just know that I respect everyone's opinion; even if you think I'm silly or idiotic for what I'm stating. I'm not here to argue but to simply put out my last words and thoughts that I formulated while I stumbled onto this conclusion. Then, there are some people who possibly know how I truly feel and actually agree with my opinions and statements about this life. However, everyone should know that not every single person can be saved from this life; not everyone can have satisfaction and awesome events, or careers, or people in their lives. That's just the way things function on this planet and among other groups of people, realistically speaking. I really wish that I can see things differently than I already am seeing the situation, but, I can't. I tried, but it won't really get better unless I just accept living a bad, low-class life; but I won't. So, yeah, I just wanted to get this across to everyone and I don't know, I guess it's kind of like my suicide note. 