How can I motivate myself and choose a career after troubled 5-10 yearsI'm 22 now and I don't know where to start so Ill do like a life story thing 

Around year 9/10 I started to get depressed in school I couldn't find a topic I liked enough I could see a career and my grades weren't the best which was making me feel worse and more depressed over time. I went through my GCSE'S without realising and acknowledging I was depressed and after I just made it into sixth form with 5 c grades I was feeling like I was worthless since some subjects didn't accept me but let people with lower grades in. but happy that I made it in in general. It was a strange feeling. 

After this the trend kept continuing with me not getting grades I was happy with and getting more and more distant and depressed. I dropped my favourite subject after feeling id never do well in it and taking the teachers "if you don't put effort in don't bother handing it in" too much to heart and not handing in course work because I felt it was never good enough.
This ended up with me taking days off and just staying home depressed and staring at the ceiling. This went to a head in a 6week row of staying off and I went back they made me start the second year again (understandable) 
Unfortunately the cycle repeated and near the end I was self harming and suicide attempts. actually realising I must have something wrong mentally, I was put on medication. I wanted to try and ask for help But the teachers had a meeting when I was off and decided to kick me out. This led to a basically a full on mental breakdown which 5 years later I still kind of have. 

After about a 2 years of staying home doing nothing with only my mum and close penpal stopping me from ending it I started to volunteer at a charity shop which has boosted my self esteem a lot and after the shop did a revamp recently I was offered to do a customer service nvq for free from them which is was happy. But knowing my record was terrified of as well. 

It's present day now and I'm actually writing this today because I walked past my old sixth form head, which I haven't seen since I was last in school. 
This gave me what I can describe as flashbacks making me feel just as I did then and mentally knocking my progress back. 
What it made me realise is I need to try and move on. I don't know how, with where I am. Or if I even can move on. Weather my life is even worth trying to recover since I'm 22 now. Is there anyone who has been in my situation and got themselves together? 
 