I'v tried getting help but I'm getting nowhere!I have recently just turned 18 and started getting help for my mental health around November last year after being mentally ill since 14 I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety although I'm getting nowhere with the treatment of antidepressants and psychotherapy. In fact Iv become more suicidal before I had a tiny bit of hope left because I was getting help but now Iv got the help I'm getting worse so what's the point Iv lost all fear of killing myself Iv always seen life as pointless and that's not why I'm depressed.

Like Iv though Iv had ADD for years and Iv got all the symptoms but none of my schools helped because I was always none disruptive if I had been ADHD and been a naughty child I'm sure I would have had treatment. and every time I talk about focus  or my lack of motivation they jump to it being depression because that's the easy answer. I know how my own head works better than anyone and I know the reason I don't want to live anymore is because I don't have the effort, energy, focus or motivation to do what I love doing. It's like anything I think is important that I mention like how I don't remember most my life and can't think clearly and  dissociated for most my life is just ignored so I'm not getting answers and now Iv got a diagnosis but there has to be more otherwise I would be seeing improvement. 

It just confuses me how they can say everything is down to depression even though I had concentration issues since I was in nursery. Apparently I just didn't respond to anything like I wasn't in my head I had to have hearing tests because they thought I was deaf but I'm not Iv never learned from school I have always self taught myself stuff and winged life. I usually got away with not listening and winging it because I was quite I got some ok grades at GCSE but I'm definitely underachieving I don't feel like I have learning difficulties I just literally can not concentrate no matter how much Iv stressed it over years no one has helped me.

I literately have nowhere to turn camhs a (NHS service) won't see me anymore because I'm 18 now so Iv just got nowhere and if the child's NHS mental health services were bad the adults one is gonna be worse. I'm just lost now I have nowhere to turn I have literally reached the end of the road I just wanted to live my life whist I was young but instead I'm stuck in this loop. I have no desire to be old I would much rather have no health problems and only live until the age of 40 i just don't see the point in living like I am if I can't focus on what I want to do it just makes me really angry I have so much self hate for how I look and for other reasons like being gay I am probably a danger to myself I keep looking for stuff to hang myself off and with it's actually now an impulse to try kill myself it feels like a battle in my head and the part of me that wants to kill itself is winning. 

I don't know what I should do I'm not trolling or after a talk down I just want to see some other people's view Iv missed lots of stuff out but hopefully you guys have some good answers. I'm genuinely just strongly thinking about it and the fact I have mentally committed to it is probably a bad thing Iv even been acting better around family so they think I'm doing a bit better when I'm not it's just all part of the act and plan. I'm just not myself anymore I want to take a load of drugs and do other stupid shit before I try kill myself though but I don't have money at the moment so that's my motivation to delay my inevitable death a tiny bit sorry too waste anyone's time who read this.