Happy to suicidal in 5 months. I’m nearly there.I’m sick, and have been for the past 5 months. The disease won’t kill me and for many people it barely effects their lives, but not me. The doctors aren’t even 100% sure what I have, most likely an autoimmune disease that causes pain. I can deal with pain, but I can’t deal what comes with the disease: never-ending, debilitating, and severe fatigue. I’ve been dealing with it for 5 months straight and it doesn’t appear to be going anywhere. The fatigue is mental in nature, and makes my mind so so weak. I can’t cope with it and I can’t see myself living with it for the rest of my life. I think about suicide daily, and every day I inch closer to it.   

I don’t know how this happened. Never been depressed before, never been suicidal before, and from the outside I have a great life. I own a business and make good money, I have the best wife and great family support, I have great friends and am well liked. Before getting sick, I was happy, healthy, and motivated. But I see the writing on the wall, eventually my business will dry up since I can barely work, I won’t be able to provide for my family, my wife will begin to resent me, I already resent myself for becoming ill, I won’t be able to put in the time and effort to be a good husband and become a good father (which I am not a father yet). I’ve worked so hard in my life for everything I have and I worked extremely hard to have a good future, and all of it, every single thing I worked for will be destroyed all because I got very unlucky and developed an autoimmune disease and even more unlucky that I experience it worst than others.    

I’m a logical person and I don’t see the reason to continue living. I’m only going to bring more pain and suffering to others in my life. My wife doesn’t deserve to have to deal with me being sick forever, that’s definitely not the life she signed up for. I’m only going to disappoint her by being unable to do most things. I don’t want to be a burden to anyone, financially, physically, or emotionally. I can’t handle that guilt. I realize that if I die I would cause great pain to many people that love me, but I don’t think it would be selfish for me to do so. On the contrary, I think it would be selfless. If I stay, I would very well be causing pain for others for the rest of their lives, whereas if I go now others can have a chance to move on.