Chicken SoupI dunno what that title is. I can't think straight and can't come up with one.

I don't like thinking about the ripples that will be left behind when I decide I've had too much - I will not, however, deny the fact that it will happen. My thoughts started a few months ago, but at 13 there's no way my demons and thoughts will not someday overpower me. But, if I die, who will be left destabilized? One of my friends is not in a right state of mind - so many of my friends, likely. Point is, I am not willing to kill anyone else, to hurt any innocent child, to damage those around me. Hell, the only reason I have decided to stay so far is that I had anchors in people I could really love - not family, because despite their care I innately can't love them, can't trust them, I don't understand it.

I'm an insomniac - I just don't sleep. Lying awake, in the dark, all I can think about is suicide and self-harm. I wait in stupor for the alarm to come, wading through hours attacks on my mind, just to be a smiling face for the new day. I hate pretending that I'm okay. I also hate myself for not realizing sooner that I never was - while I know that at some point I had true motivation, an end goal that never included 'die', but looking back I realize it was drive rather than emotion that pushed me forward, that allowed me to do anything. However, as I devolved to arguing with friends and bursting into tears at random, my sleepless nights became lethal. With no motivation I convinced myself of the same lie that I had been telling other people, but soon my mind caught on and it was down to the depths, each night designed for spiraling down further and further until I was lucky enough to fall asleep or make it to the sunrise. But then I'm forced into misery, I have to lie to myself just to move, have to overcome my stupor as well as pretend it never existed.

In the end, my torment doesn't have one. I wish that one day I could find happiness and someone who understood, but in the end I am nothing but a husk. I lost that always present piece of true happiness much too long ago, I had never had it but realized my defect when I saw everybody else's.

Unfortunately, I'm too young for guns, as if anybody in my family considers owning one, meaning that in terms of methods it's probably just going to be me jumping from a high place.

The overnight field trip to DC is in May, I think. I can wait, the sunrise will come.

One of the only things I can cry for is myself. Staring at what I am from the outside while understanding is perhaps the one thing I wish to be gone more than my life - the pain and suffering all too many have endured, the bullshit that we live in.