I think within a year or so, I'll just go ahead and be done with all of this.Hi. I'm 19. I'm a girl. I'm pretty much over my life. My job sucks, my dad died when I was eight, I disappoint my mother on a daily basis, I have no friends, and I am so tired of all this. 

I am so tired of just looking around and seeing flourishing lives that I try so hard to be apart of, but I'm just not the right person for people. Everyone always has someone so much better to go to. I don't know what's wrong with me.  I wish I could just be normal like everyone and be happy again. I can't even remember the last time someone hugged me or told me to have a good day or whatever. I try so hard to be a good friend to everyone but they always leave me.

And I constantly am not enough for my mom. I made A's and B's in high school but she wanted me to graduate with honors and ribbons. She wanted me on the dean's list in college like my dad was, and then I got into my freshman year of college and failed one class out of the three I could take, which completely fucked me over. Now I don't know how I'm gonna pay for college, and I can't imagine how fucking disappointed she is with me. I can't live with knowing that the only person who I love and want to make happy anymore thinks I'm a fucking failure of a child. I wanted to be a doctor, I wanted to buy her a giant house and get her that convertible she's always wanted, but I'm never going to do that as long as I keep showing her that I'm probably her biggest regret.

I just can't. It sounds really pathetic but I don't see my life getting any better. I've been feeling like this since I was 13 and as cheesy and pathetic as it sounds, it's only getting worse. And honestly, I feel like I'm just taking up space. My mom has three other kids who still have potential to make her smile. I've failed at that as well as just making friends. My only best friend told me to "get over it" when I talked about this emotional stuff (I wish I was joking about that, but I'm sadly not) and so I just keep it to myself now.

I don't know what I keep doing wrong in every aspect of my life, but I'm quite tired of it. And I just don't wanna keep breathing for the sake of nothing. I'm just taking up space from other people. And I don't want to do this anymore. I clearly can't function correctly like everyone else. And I just don't wanna feel so alone anymore. So when the time comes this year, I'll probably just leave. I don't know how, but I will. And that'll be less pressure off of everyone's shoulders. I'm sorry. It's not like it's your guys fault or you can do anything, but I'm just sorry. To everyone. 