It feels like my mind wants to fly out from this bodyToo many things are wrong and I’ve tried too hard to make them better. And now I just want to leave. I know there must be a better place out there but I wonder why I and others have to suffer here... it’s not fair. 
I have problems inside my head I think, and then problems outside my head and all I can really conclude here is maybe I’m too lazy to fix them or maybe they were never meant to be fixed? I’m just so overwhelmed with everything and I just hate being an adult (I’m 22). 

I’m supposed to be figuring out college, how to get insurance because I can’t be on either of my parents, how to save money. I’m trying to figure out what’s wrong with and why I think certain ways, get angry or upset or think there’s signs directed to me or whatever. I’m trying to figure out how to have energy to do anything at all. I work and after I work I can’t do anything else. I always think I deserve a day off but I don’t. I take 4 classes; it was 5 but I dropped out of one. And I am 3 weeks behind on all my homework. I don’t even know where the time goes I guess I just sleep I really don’t know. 

I only work 3 days a week which is a little under $200 paycheck and my friend who doesnt go to school makes me feel like shit and always asks me to go places and I just don’t know what is wrong with her as to why they don’t understand why I have no money. My dad has no money so I’ve had a lot of things that I needed to pay. My mom is retired and I don’t ask her for money anyways because I genuinely feel no connection with her and it is the worst feeling in the world. 

People just don’t like me either. I don’t know what I do wrong I know I am awkward but I’ve never been mean.. I don’t know. I just kind of mind my business most of the time and I can’t fake being someone I’m not... and so I just don’t talk to that many people I guess. Everyone else seems to always have people interested in them just meeting them for the first time and with me... no one looks twice, no one cares.


Long story short; in every way possible I feel I don’t fit in here. In every aspect. I feel like the time is coming closer to call it quits and the days move too fast