Suicidal rantMy boyfriend is lying next to me, snoring and probably dreaming of our future. He looks so comfy wrapped up in the blankets and when I pet his head he gives me a sleepy smile. I love it when he sleeps without a shirt on, I love running my hand across his chest and feeling his skin.




I have unread messages from my best friend of 7 years, who never really matured beyond 10 years old. She is only 8 days younger than me but her life is so care free, she has no interest in dating and therefore has no understanding of relationships or the problems that can come with them. She has no job, no responsibilities, no understanding of my depression and my struggles. Our conversations are very shallow because she simply doesnt understand what life is like as an adult. My other two friends are my boyfriend's friends. They are men, who think they know everything and try to fix my problems for me instead of listening. I feel like I can talk to no one. I have 4 siblings and a mom but we've all been so fucked up by years of torment and hate from her deceased ex that we dont know how to express emotions to each other. Im too afraid to go back to therapy because I feel abandoned by the ones who understood me most. A new job at a different place for them is earth shattering for me. How many times do I have to sit on a couch and tell my stories, how many times do I have to explain myself?




I have a job that I cant decide if I hate, I spend most of my life there and when I come home I feel like Im not allowed to be myself. My boyfriend's grandma is a massive control freak and demands I spend all of my spare time with her watching tv. All she ever wants to talk about is how her grandson is a failure, how he's going to get fired, how he is lazy and fat and going to end up just like his meth addict mother. Some of what she says is true, sure, but if she were to stop yelling at him every day telling him he needs to change every aspect of himself I think things would improve. He tries his best as we all do. He has a bad memory but it doesnt make him a bad person and I think if she were to stop being so aggressive and instigating shit all the time she would see the better side of him.




Im ranting I guess




I want to die, and Im not even really sure if I want to die, but I dont know if I will ever be happy, or even okay. My mental health has improved so much over these last 6 years. I no longer have voices in my head, or visual hallucinations, or extreme paranoia. I dont explode over the littlest of things. Im actually able to have fun sometimes. So why do I still feel like something is wrong? Something broken inside me that makes me incapable of having a normal life.




Whenever I think about killing myself I think of the deaths of my dad and step dad. They both killed themselves. Not with a gun or a noose or a knife, or even intentionally, but they killed themselves. My step dad was a horribly abusive man, even before he got into heroin. Earlier this year in March, on my mother's birthday, he had an overdose in our bathroom. His son, biological son and the only one of us who actually gave a damn about him, heard him gasping for air and found him slumped over of the toilet with a needle in his arm. He called my mom who came home from work and called 911. I woke up to her coming into my room asking for help. Her and I had to get this 400 lb man off of the toilet and onto the floor of our tiny bathroom while we waited for the paramedics arrived. We did it, somehow, and it took three paramedics to drag him into the living room. There were probably 20 emergency people jammed into our living room, either writing on clipboards or working on him trying to save his life. They did. They gave him some sort of counter active injection and all screamed his name. He shot up from the floor asking "what?" as if waking up from a nap. He didnt want to go to the hospital. I screamed at him "you can die, but youre not going to die here in front of your sons!". He said nothing. He went to the hospital. I went to my boyfriend's house. He was home before dinner that night. My mom let him sleep there then kicked him out the next morning. Two days after my mother's birthday she found him dead in the back of his car in a Lowe's parking lot. He died from another overdose.




Almost exactly a month later I found out my dad was dying. I hadnt seen or heard from him in almost 10 years but I decided I wanted to see him. My mother, my sister and I drove 13 hours straight. He was yellow and swollen. His liver had finally given out after over 30 years of drinking. His brain wasnt working right either so he didnt recognize us at first. He keot calling my mom and my sister the wrong names. The only reason he got mine right is because I have red hair. He had less than 6 months to live. He could barely walk. He had a bruise going from his wrist to his elbow because he had fallen on it. The transfered him to a hospice. He died three months later. He chose alcohol over me. He never called, never made an effort to see his kids. When the thing he picked over his family was killing him he blamed us for not seeing him. The last time I had saw him I was 8, and he was so drunk that he did not remember who I was. Sorry for not chasing you, dad.




Im lying here right now, thinking about killing myself. Thinking that I just want something to change. Thinking that I want to run away and start over, but knowing that I cant. Knowing that if I killed myself, no matter how long of a note I wrote begging my family and friends not to blame themselves; they would. Knowing they could never ask me why I did it. They could never ask me anything, ever again. Thinking that I dont want to go to work tomorrow. Thinking that Im not good enough for this man lying next to me. Thinking that no matter what, I will never be happy.