“You’re 15, you’re so young, why would you want to?” And to that I say the crushing dread of the futility of happiness has set in and I don’t want to have to go through that. Let me be, it’s my choice.The reason I wanted to do this was because of the hopeless world we live in. I’ve gotten an understanding of the misery that we live through for the slightest bits of happiness amidst an unforgiving world. It’s well hidden but sometimes when you have your head in the clouds you see the storm on the horizon.

A futile existence chasing happiness through an insurmountable heap of excruciating pain and zero gain. We are sold a lie at a young age that there is a good kind loving world where we aren’t going to live day to day, hour to hour, Advil to Advil wondering if it gets better. It really doesn’t.

Work until you die chasing money so we can support ourselves so we can live only long enough to die sad alone and with a total lack of reason to go on. I’m stranded in a sea of doubt and the waters are rising fast. I’m in a steep dive and the hard truth is coming ever closer. I’m not okay with how ready I am for death but I can’t make it happen. 

I do a lot of things and I always seem to be so close to dying but it never happens. Failing aircraft landing gear, almost mauled by mountain lion, an explosive mishap on a military base tour, forest fire, tornado (6) and toxic fumes yet IM NOT DEAD. Fate is a cruel mistress.

The only reason I haven’t done it yet is because I think “it’s shit, lets just end it” but then “what if it gets better soon?” Then “it’s been so many years, it won’t get better” but I always settle on the thought that “it’s been long enough, it has to get better soon!” And that’s the thing keeping me here today.

I don’t know if I need help or if I’m ranting but I feel like the existential dread is setting in and I think I might be ready. The water is rising above my head, I can’t pull out of the stall, I can’t dodge the bullet, I can’t get to shelter, I can’t run and I can’t hide. 

Help