I am emotionally dying on the inside.This might be a bit of a long story, and I bet it's not even written very well, but I just have to do it, even if nobody reads it.

Today is just one of these days. I am a 31 year old designer at a web agency and feel so bad about my own work. Sometimes I think everybody else there is better. Everything I try somehow just turns out mediocre. I am lazy and can't get myself to actually do something. Last week I sat at work and just browsed the web the whole time instead of working. 

The company where I work had some financial trouble lately, so I got my money a few weeks later sometimes. Not that they that paid much before. I asked for a raise, after 3 years it's time for this, I know, but it never happened. 

There is nothing I am really good at. 

I feel this big sadness growing in me. I feel like I am in the wrong position. I feel like nobody of my coworkers respect my, and my bosses expect too much from me. I have no ideas, at least I think I don't have them. My job requires me to deal with people, but I can't do it.

Often I had thought about getting another job with less contact to people, but nothing comes to my mind.

I dream about getting out of this world, living for myself in the woods with much less contact to people than now. Well, it doesn't have to be the woods. When I drive around in my car, I feel free and better. But when I get to the office, I just fall back into this melancholy. I have been offered a position in a startup, and I seriously consider it. But then I get the same feeling of inferiority - there are so many others who are so much better than me.

When I think about it, I fail to see the point of all this. Why do this shit every day? 

For the last months I lack the ability to be enthusiastic about anything. Everything I see is just "meh", "could work", or I don't care about it at all. 

A few weeks ago a friend showed me /r/PicsOfDeadKids (don't click please, I am aware that this is quite shocking for most people and btw I ask myself why there is such a section here on reddit) and told me it's the most disturbing thing he ever saw. I looked at it, but apart from a clumsy feeling in the stomach I didn't feel anything. Nothing at all. 

I am emotionally dying on the inside. 

Why not end it all? Just peace. Nothing to worry about anymore. But everytime my mind wanders in this direction, I think about my girlfriend and that I couldn't do this to her because I don't want to bring the sadness to her too. I feel trapped.

I don't see a way out. This life sucks.

Reddit,  I am writing this with tears in my eyes, but have to hide it from my coworkers. My fingers shake as I write this text. I have never been this close to end my life.
