My ex tired to kill herself last night. I'm the only person who knows she's suicidal. What do I do?Hi Reddit, I don't really know what to do so I thought I'd share the story in hope of finding the best solution.
About 4 months ago me and my girlfriend broke up. We were together nearly a year but we were arguing for a few months, so I told her it wasn't worth it any more. We knew each other because we were in the same friendship group, which has made everything now 10 times harder.

When we broke up she took it really badly, she would ring me crying every night and barely slept. This went on for about 2 or 3 weeks I guess. During this time her friend told me she would often break down and cry during work and she was a completely different person than she was a month ago.

I was trying to give her as much room as possible although we would see each every week or so because we had the same friends, whenever I'd see them, she'd be there too. We would often go to town on the weekends, where she would get really drunk, she's always been bad with alcohol. I don't drink, so normally I'll drive my friends home at the end of the night. Whenever I drive them home I drop her back last because she's the closest to my house, but lately she will refuse to get out the car unless I stay round her house for the night. I've sat there for hours with her asking her to leave and she won't, I've tried (as nicely as possible) forcing her out but at that point she will just stand in front of the car so I can't drive away.

I feel a dick saying it but after a few hours of this I give up and just stay at hers. I've tired asking her mum to bring her in before but she ran off in just a dress, without her shoes in the freezing temperature and she was going to stay out side all night until I agree to stay at hers. She's also done things such as run in front of cars and tried to jump out of my car while it was moving.

When I stay at hers if I refuse to sleep in her bed she will start telling me she's going to stab herself. I've seen her attempt to cut her wrist before but I've always wondered whether she would actually do it. Anyway last night I got a bit annoyed and told her she had to stop all this and had to move on because it's been 4 months now. She got really upset and while I was in the bathroom she attempted to stab herself in the chest and after failing cut her hand open.

I have a huge fear of blood so when I returned I freaked out, when I realise what she down. I manage to get her patched up, as she didn't seem to cut anything too serious but there was still a hell of a lot of blood. I told her that I need to tell her mum what is happening because I don't know what to do any more and she clearly isn't getting any better. She told me that I couldn't tell her and I'm worried what she would do if I did. I don't really know where to turn, I keep suggesting if she thinks seeing a professionally would help her but she's totally unwilling.

Every month the self harm has been getting worse, and I fear what will happen if I continue doing what I'm doing. Please help =(
I refused to take her home before that's when she starting running in front of traffic.

-----

tl;dr: When ever I see my ex she forces me to stay around hers by harming herself. I'm the only one who knows