I poured everything into my relationship, and now I'm worse off than I was to start withAbout 7 months ago I met someone on reddit. I wasn't in the best period of my life, and the week I met them happened to be around the time when things started going downhill faster. It was difficult at first, but we both opened up to each other on a level I'd never come close to with anyone before, and admitted feelings for each other a couple of months later. 

I fought for that relationship, and during it they helped me through the worst times of my life up until now. I disclosed as much as I could bring myself to about my past, the things that people had done to me and the effects it had had, and at first they did the same. We had each other's backs, but then things started to go downhill. I suppose long distance relationships rarely go well, but whilst it hurt not being able to take care of them in person, I was willing to keep going for the joy they brought into my life. Apparently they weren't. Yesterday I, in a bad moment, admitted I was frustrated with the situation we were in (their parental situation meant it was harder for us to see each other) and in an instant the relationship was over, supposedly to protect me, or because I deserved better, or something else I can no longer see as I've deleted the conversation history.

I trusted them, I poured my heart, my soul and my sanity into making us work. We spent so much time talking that the hours have just felt empty since. I never had any hope for the future before I met them, but my severe fear of death kept me from going too far. Now every day the mental image of me falling from the nearest bridge replays in my mind constantly. Everything reminds me of them, because we did almost everything together. Even just a hug, or a song they introduced me to (namely about 1/2 my music) or an activity we did with eachother (about 80+% of the things I used to enjoy) just gets me crying again, and when I'm not sad I just feel hollow and useless. They were the main thing motivating me to improve myself. My medical condition? I was fixing it for us. My physical fitness? (I am and always have been quite underweight) For us. My lack of effort in uni? I was trying to fix that to work towards a future for us. They'd taken away my worst insecurities when things were good, and now it's all back and worse. I'm constantly questioning what I did wrong, or whether they ever really loved me back. Whether they broke up with me because they found me unattractive, or some other reason.

How is a person supposed to live without ambition, hope or any concept of the future? I don't have anything to look forward to, other pressures from the outside world are only increasing as various deadlines for major decisions I need to make close in on me. I just want it all to stop, as I can't see a future for myself in this world, and now that the one thing that consistently made me happy is gone, I don't enjoy the present either. The past rules my life, and the past is shit.

We promised each other we'd try to stay friends afterwards too, but that went out the window instantly as they blocked me on the main apps we used for communication. I can't lean on my friends, they're all going through their own shit, so I'm just alone. Alone and without a will to keep going.