I want to feel happy...        It started like two years ago when social anxiety started feasting on my happiness. I look like someone who could talk anything to anyone, but I can't exchange more than a sentence. I have nothing interesting to say and people laugh at me on how different I am and talk behind my back. When I try it, after a few uninteresting words, an awkward silence makes itself present.
        I'm still a teen, I have a girlfriend and we've been together for about a year and we couldn't see each other, only a few hours in the weekend. Due to my asocial personality, we, for some time, spoke like freshly made friends. It got better after some time, we could talk, but then she moved to another country for three moons. We barely talk and because I am a shitty person, we fight a lot and it slowly goes down. I feel my days are so fucked up and I am really short tempered and get angry fast, almost instantly (when i want to calm down, I hit things or punch stuff just to feel pain and get exhausted. Sometimes I get so angry it drives me dizzy and my head hurts like hell). And then we call each other,  and then it depends. It may go well, but sometimes, maybe most, my mood fucks up everything: We stay in silence, we argue, we end the night in sadness and tears. I miss her so much I started getting melancolic when I see happy couples on the street.
          For some time I just can't focus on things, I feel like just wasting my days staying and doing no good for me, anyone or this world. And the fact that I lay in my bed and just waste my days makes me sad. 
          I can't study anymore, I forget things extremely fast, I am good at nothing, I fuck up everythinf I try to do, I want to get a job but I am too much of a coward to go myself, I am just scared.I am bored every moment of my life, I find no enjoyment in anything anymore, I start to envy even my girlfriend since she likes to learn (I fucking hate myself for this), foreign languages and painting are her hobbies. I always wanted to learn history, math, physics and work in the IT domain. Now I don't understand anything anymore, and I find no fun and enjoyment in these anymore. 
             I don't know what to do... Why am I like this... I am too much of a failure, I can't find my place in this world. Sometimes I get suicidal, but I don't want to kill myself, I am too afraid of what will happen after... My parents may take their days away, my girlfriend too, she feels bad for me everytime and tries to make me feel better, but I'm too pathetic, an asshole who doesn't know what he wants. I make her feel bad instead, I think about myself too much... I fucking hate myself, I just want to end up in an endless abyss and spend my eternity there, I deserve it.
               Please, people, I don't know what to do about this... Is it depression? Am I just exaggerating? I hope you will take away a little bit of your time to answer me. Thank you, good people!