I'm so close to losing my mind againHey y'all! This is my first post here, and as a matter of fact my first post to reddit ever. A little background of me: I'm a 20yr old male, and I've been depressed before. My home was not a happy place to grow up, my dad cheated on my mom, and my mom lost it. She went actually insane, and tried to kill herself many times. Once we were away with my dad, and my mom called. She said that she loves me very dearly, but she is exhausted and she wants to end it all. When we got home, mom was at the hospital, (Dad called our neighbor and she called the ambulance.) and there were empty boxes of all sorts of pills on the table and a knife with blood on it. Ever since then I've always been kinda unstable. Not to mention all the fights they had, sometimes they would hit each others, and me being the eldest sibling, had to break things up to protect my little sisters. I've been punched in the nose so hard that it broke. Sometimes mom would try to stab dad, and once I got hit by it. Straight under the collarbone. Then there was other all sorts of fucked up things, such as mom trying to claw her eyes out, and starting to scream in the middle of the night.

Because of all that, I partly blame them that I messed up my school really badly. I was lucky to get into a high school, and when I got in, my motivation faded. I'm really struggling to finish school, I work at a nightshift so I can pay parents so they don't kick me out. I hate my job. I hate the people there, my social life during weekdays is pretty much nonexistent because my body doesn't really react well to working all nights, so I sleep most of the day.

Then I met this girl, who made everything better. I felt like everything was okay when I was with her. We had so much fun together, and I was so happy because for the first time in ages I felt like a normal, functional human being. I got motivated to lose a little bit of weight (I'm not obese, just have a little bit extra), I got motivated with my school. Then I found out she is moving abroad for college. We decided to do the long-distance thing, and tough it's hard, we are still together after a year. I'm going to meet her this next week, and I'm supposed to be so happy and excited. But she has fallen really sick. She has a tumor in her lung, and it's so big that she needs to be scanned for possible cancer etc. I'm trying to stay strong for her, but when I'm not talking to her I'm just crying in despair. I'm so close to losing my mind again, and thoughts of suicide have re-emerged in my mind. I know that I don't want to live if she's gone. If we would break up, at least I would know that one of us fucked up or we grew apart. But I am so afraid of losing her. I try to talk to my mother about it, and she just says that go get meds, don't be so sad, what's wrong with you and so on. I think she's a huge hypocrite, considering she was depressed and literally destroyed my life. 

I've been contemplating ending it all this morning, and the only thing keeping me alive is the thought of my girlfriend, and ironically, listening to Suicideboys. I'm so fucking lost. I don't want to fall back into the same black hole I was in for so long.