Time is almost up.I was framed for Rape and Torture. Google “Timothy Hebberley” if you don’t believe me. You’ll be scrolling for a long time before I proved I was innocent. Funny, that. This woman targeted me while I was in an emotionally weak state, having already blocked her on all social media as well as changing my cellphone number specifically to get away from her. I’d recently been dumped close to Valentine’s Day, 2013. She somehow found out, and got ahold of me somehow. This woman showed me a stock photo of a pregnant woman, told me she was pregnant with my child from the one time we fucked; Which by the way, I should mention that she raped me while I was dating the girl who dumped me for a Valentine’s Day present. She was an ex, and convinced me to hang out to maintain a friendship due to a mutual interest over Halo. She started stripping. Me, being faithful to my girlfriend, decided to tell her she was fucked in the head and tried to leave. She said that if I left without fucking her, she’d tell the police I raped her. I cried the whole time, especially after ejaculating. I felt disgusting. I’d cheated. I was raped, yeah. But I’d cheated. So I punished myself with more cutting than usual. I hated myself. I got dumped. She found me again. She showed me that photo. We started dating. I was used like a toy, not just for sex, but all other manner of foul shit. I’ll describe it later as I see fit, if it’s deemed necessary for you to get the point. I spent two and a half years with this... Thing. I got away. She decided to threaten my family with arson and murder if I ever told anyone the things she did. I told the cops what I had to, to protect my Family. Or so I believed, at the time. I decided that after everything else; Being cut, stabbed with needles, urinated on, screamed at, beaten... After all of that, bringing my Family into it was what made me stand up to her. I went to the Police. 3 months later I was being arrested for 43 charges. For not feeling remorse for my crime; I was sentenced to 11 years in jail. After 926 days, I was released due to actually being innocent. The Crown decided to say that I’d completed “Time Served” for my malicious crimes, while dropping most of them. I feel that it’s important to mention that before the jury was allowed to deliberate, my charges went from 43 to 26 due to Perjury. Despite her General Practitioner, a medical professional, coming to the Stand, Under Oath. Telling them that my charge of dislocating her hip was physically impossible. Still found guilty. I was sentenced to 11 years in jail. I shook my head in Court when the sentence was passed. When she (7/10 jury members were female, along with the detective in charge of my case, along with the Crown Prosecutor, along with the Judge? What chance did I have as long as I had a penis...) told me I felt no remorse; I laughed. How can I feel remorse for something that never happened? More time passes in jail. In New Zealand, we have ACC to cover accidents. Rape victims are paid $10,000 NZD. Even after my Rape charges were dropped, and her Perjury MORE than proven, she never had to pay it back. Because she has a vagina. Pussy pass is real. She never got a criminal charge, either. Providing False Testimony, as well as Perjury x 15+, and got away with it because she had a Vagina. Don’t even fucking at me. Don’t you fucking dare. I was raped, tortured, and HAD TO SIT THERE IN COURT, LISTENING TO HER TELL A JURY THAT I DID TO HER WHAT SHE PERFORMED ON ME. I nearly chewed through my finger to keep myself quiet. 


After all of this, and trying to adjust; I decided to let a Woman back into my life. She took Private and Personal information about me; and gave it to people who hate me for HER lies, to use as ammunition against me, as soon as I let her past my personal boundaries.

The word of a Woman is with less than the mud you scrape from your boot. They are never worth listening to. Women are poison, and they deserve to die as the Toxic Slugs they are. My opinion on this doesn’t really matter, though. I have a penis, and my word is therefore worth nothing. 





In 2 months, I’m consuming three and a half months of sleeping medication along with a bottle of Vodka. I’ll slit my wrists just to make sure. I hate Humans as a whole. I hope you all rot, fade, and die. Fuck you all. I can’t study what I want. I can’t leave the Country, MY HOME, because of this. I’m trapped in perpetual pain. I’m forced to live because you won’t accept responsibility for your mistakes. I want you to know that from the bottom of my heart, I hate you all. All of you here have options, a future you CAN build. Mine was taken from me. I hate you all. Rot. Burn. Be wiped away like the scum you all really are. 

You want to know what I REALLY wish for ALL of you? I hope you’re Flayed alive. Then rolled in Salt. Then set Alight. Just before you die from the pain, I want you drowned. Each, and EVERY one of you. Just for being Human. The same way I wasn’t believed just for being a Heterosexual Caucasian Male. Fuck all of you.