Sometimes I feel like giving up..This is the second time I have written something like this on reddit. I am 18 now and I am currently attending junior college. I have to admit that this year was pretty decent for me, despite the many problems that had happened in 2016. I have graduated high school and I am studying an art program at my junior college. I have also gotten along with quite a few people at my school too. But every now and then I still have my many moments of loneliness. I do not always have a friend or companion that's always on my side like I see with many others at school. 
Today didn't really go as well as I had hoped to. We had Christmas Mass which went well but I was supposed to give one of my teachers a little box of chocolates because she will be leaving the school. The other students and I in our group were planning to give her a basket with goodies but I never did get to ask them if they gave her the basket because everyone at school was all doing there own thing (dealing with report cards and registrations) and I couldn't find some of them or the teacher again. I don't even know if she will be returning back after today. I still have my box of chocolates that I wanted to give her. Today was also rainy, so I took an umbrella with me but I ended up losing it and I don't know where it is now :( Finally, since today was supposed to be the distribution of report cards, I couldn't receive my report card because I need to pay outstanding fees for two books I had rented at the bookstore. I was really excited about seeing my grades, hoping I did well, and I ended up not getting them today :( and now I'll have to dread another day dealing with that at school. After all the stuff that happened today I know my mom is gonna be disappointed with me. I really feel like a disappointment sometimes. Sometimes it even feels like people tend to ignore me or pretend they don't know me because I'm not that popular or because I don't talk with many people. I really wish I had decent friends who will always help me become a better person no matter what. My older sister isn't exactly the best role model as she has had her own personal problems and currently doesn't have a job. I really don't want to kill myself because I don't know how it will affect my family but sometimes I wonder if anyone else would really care if I actually kill myself. I really hate feeling all sad and depressed like this, especially when we are in the Christmas season.

Sorry this is really lengthy, but I really felt the need to express this.