Why the fuck haven't I succeeded?Multiple suicide attempts. Either found, or just pure failure...people can die so easily sometimes but I've failed.

I used to find other suicidal people online...since I was pretty young...to try to convince them to live. I believed in them more than I believed in myself. And I wanted to do some good in the world, you know? They didn't deserve to feel that way...

I fucking hate everything, including myself. I've been trying to move towards a place of self love but I'm figuring myself out and I'm done. I think I might be trans.... A guy. I've tried to be a girl, to adjust to that, for years and it has always felt wrong... but people like me the more of a girl I am, it's... BUT that is not the only reason I'm suicidal, okay? I've been suicidal for many years and I think it's just right.

I'm so alone. I feel so fucking alone... I do have a significant other, though. He's in the room. He said he'd join me after missions in WoW (note: I love video games, but idk I value the people I love more and like to spend time with them once in a while) or whatever ... that was a few hours ago, I think. It's always something like that. I'm just sobbing while trying to sleep and just hearing him... He's a straight guy anyways, so he'd probably dump me soon enough anyways. So cliche. It's disgusting. I'm disgusting.

Idk, it always ends up like this. Even the people who have "fallen in love" with their idea of me... they don't want to spend very much TIME with me. Why am I so hideous to everyone? I always end up alone and being alone is the worst feeling in the world. I want someone to care, find me as a PERSON worth learning about, you know that feeling where you want to know everything about something/someone and they are like magic and you can't get enough? Why can't someone just feel that way for me? first real boyfriend called me needy for wanting to talk to him for 5 mins once a week... I remember when he hung up on me when I was crying because he wanted to listen to his music in peace. girlfriend... I thought she was too good for me, but I don't think I felt that she loved me, either. like even when we were friends, she just goes POOF into lala land and I don't fucking hear from her and why can't someone just BE THERE when I need them. How many times have I dropped shit to comfort someone who needed it? I know life isn't fair but I wish someone just thougght I was worth more than some fucking music or a game or even doing the same shit they do every day... I hate how I always end up here alone at night just wanting to die. It's no one's fault, really. I always make sure to mention that in suicide note drafts.

Like hell, I finally understand how I was abused by someone in my life, but I don't blame him either...or any of the other people who have physically/etc hurt me and told me to die and whatever else. I still want to make the choice to die, it's inevitable. It's always led me here. Even when I make steps forward and appear to be doing SO WELL no one gets the struggles or my attempts to appear fine and better it's just "YEAH YOU'RE OK YOU'RE DOING IT!!!!" but when I try to talk about what is really going on no one can bother to listen they just want to feel like they're helping me and it'll all be okay.

I've been self harming again. I've always hated my body, which is why I used to starve it. Yesterday I burned... lol why do scars matter? I don't like people looking at my body anyways. I've never found it beautiful.
 
I've lost someone important to me, too....grief. Like grief, trans, abuse, loneliness, abandonment, idk how many other issues will it take to make my pain valid. I KNOW it still could be worse I've heard that before. I've never wanted to be alive and I'm still fucking here like the failure I am.

All I can do is post here because I have no one who wants to listen. They're all done. No family, friends, significant other...no one. I used to be called intimidating, depressing, scary, etc in school if that gives you an idea... I've never been lovable. Not to those who get to see some of me, or to strangers.

It's like...I always end up in this desperate place again where the great ???? of death seems appealing. Mystery bag of surprise existence! Might even be worse for all I know and yet the odds sound appealing. 

Everything hurts. I fool myself into thinking I'll be okay, especially to please those around me, but I just can't fucking do it. I feel so alone and it physically hurts, you know? It's like this black hole inside of me. I feel like I'm disappearing sometimes with the amount of notice I get, but I'm still here enough... sometimes I just can't argue against suicidal people because I don't think it's wrong to want to die like I can just accept that life is shit and that scares me. I cant even be positive for others anymore. I've heard every argument against suicide, and it's just...hopeless... and I keep seeing the worst of humanity. Black and white thinking. People are always so mean, taking their pain out on others around them, and I just can't bring myself to see the good anymore. I can't stand anything. I am on antidepressants, I've been in therapy (DBT in case anyone is familiar) and I've tried lots of other meds and therapies for at least....8 years? Something like that. I don't remember right now. If it's been too much for me since childhood, and I've given it a few years into adulthood, isn't that enough to say that the trial isn't for me? I wish someone... no one can help me. Maybe if they helped me die.

Suicide is self-centered in my case because it is something I'm thinking about for MYSELF. Sometimes I thought the world would be better off without me, etc etc but now I want to do it FOR ME. Like fuck M-- I kind of love you sometimes like we've been in this world together and we've tried really hard and we've always tried to be a nice person even when people treated us like shit but fuck all I've wanted is love and acceptance and just to be me and for it to be ok and for people to try to be kind and understand each other okay that's a lot and I was raised Catholic and even though I stopped believing, I kept trying to talk to God so that he or she or it or they would talk back one day... I used to say thank you for every good thing in my life, I didn't just ask for shit and sometimes all I wanted was to know that someone was listening. I've been called passionate and contradicting and those apply, I believe. Those parts of me seem commonly accepted. I hope I haven't made anyone's day worse, but if you are for some reason suicidal and reading this, here's a (hug)... maybe we can't help each other, but I'm sorry that you're feeling this way too. Fuck how many more years do I have to go pretending things could possibly be okay. There is a reason I could never imagine a future for myself, and just picked a random fantasy life that sounded ok because I never believed even when I was a child. lol and that's sad. My therapist claims everything is related to trauma and shitty life but some people have worse trauma and worse lives and they don't fucking want to die for years and they can end up ok and wonderful people who are loved and supported and things get better but not for all of us

Goodnight and thank you for reading, you don't have to feel obligated to say "don't do it" but can I just have a virtual hug or an "I read your wall of text" kind of thing? even some rude words would be ok I probably deserve them right now. thank you