I’m not sure how to format this, so I’ll just type what I’m thinking. Sorry in advanceI really don’t like stereotypes, even though I fit into a lot of them. I’m the funny person that is just sad when they’re alone. I’m nonbinary and I’ve thought a lot about suicide. 

For a while, it seemed like a lot of people just didn’t like me. It was mostly true. I was a gifted kid, but I was tested really late, so a lot of the kids would say I cheated to get in. There was more, and it really made it seem like I was the dumb kid in the gifted class. There were a few people who were generally friends, but only a few

It seems like people only start to like me now because I make the funny pictures. That’s how I’ve made most of my friends. They just know me as the person that makes memes. Some know other things, but most people are only friends because of my memes. They don’t know much else about me and I haven’t said much else because I’m too soft-spoken 

That’s one of my biggest problems too, I can’t speak up for myself. Every time I try, I just can’t. I have no idea why. I’m terrible at advocating for myself. I talk to a professional and I’ve shared next to nothing for months. I honestly have no idea even if the professional I see is helping. If they’re not, it’s probably my fault for the reason stated above. It’s taken me days just to think of what to write for this post 

If anyone I know shows signs that they’re anxious, depressed, or wanting to kill themselves, I almost always try to help them no matter what state I’m in. It’s hypocritical really. I’ve tried to help friends when I was thinking of offing myself literally minutes before. And whenever I am trying to help them, I always just feel bad and hate myself because I never know what to say. I’m also insanely afraid of saying the wrong thing. 

I’m currently a college freshman. By day 1, I was already incredibly burned out from that and other things. It’s not like the work is even hard, it’s just a lot. 

When I was younger, many adults like my parents would tell me that I’m going to do great things. I don’t remember if I believed them then, but I definitely don’t believe them now. The closest thing I see to myself doing that is working for a company that is doing great things. Of course, for scholarships and other things I had to pretend to agree with them so I had a higher chance of winning, but I feel like I’m just lying. 

Every time I think about how I’m likely to do, the answer I always think of as most likely is suicide

I can’t even cry when I want to. I’ve only been able to cry generally about once every 1.25 years, and I always feel like I waste it 

I have a lot of reasons for wanting to off myself. I could probably write an entire book about it. This is just a glance into my fucked up thoughts. I’ve hinted at wanting to off myself before, and even flat out mentioned it to some people, but I generally don’t tell anyone, or even if I do tell them, I never say how much I want to. I really don’t want to spend time in a mental institution or something like that. I haven’t thought of a time or place yet, but I do know the method