Please help /r/suicidewatch. Link to the post and details inside.This is not an appeal for me, but for two people who posted on the chemistry-blog, a blog I help run.

Almost a year after we made a post about Hyrdrogen Sulfide suicides, this post came in:

carl @ Jan 16, 2011 - 06:01:14:

its much to easy to say we should talk to people, but for some people myself included, its much to hard to talk about what keeps me up all night, afraid to sleep,the inability to step out my front door,i did come to this site expecting to find the recipe,yes i am weak and yes it is a cowards way ouy but trust me when i say people like me trying to do this are past caring what people think about us


Then today:

Cathy @ Mar 12, 2011 - 03:03:40:

I can understand Carl. Right now the pain has stopped. But it will come back, and then the thoughts will too. Nothing can be done against the pain as it’s not organic. I’ve been receiving psychotherapy for 7 years now, take antidepressants and whatever is available to ease the pain, at least. But I’m single, and the last time I had a conversation with someone was… last week Friday (not counting greeting the cashier at the supermarket). My boss is unhappy with my work and nobody talks to me at the department anymore. My family, well, they live 3 hours away from here and always find an excuse to hang up after a minute or so on Skype. I used to go to Church until last year in December, but people never talked to me there either. Name something I can do? Not sure… There are a few, but I’m not good enough to find a job with it when my contract ends in August. And it’s not like 911 or suicide line would help. I’ve tried it and they hanged up on me. Anyway, for the moment I’m hanging on, but the question always is: Until when?


I don't know what to do or say, but these people seem serious. I came here hoping for some help from /r/suicidewatch. The link to the post is:

http://www.chemistry-blog.com/2010/03/15/hydrogen-sulfide-suicide/comment-page-1/#comment-15798

If you think you can help, please try. I really don't know what to say.