Getting Close.Let me preface this by saying I'm pretty sure this is pointless. I've not responded well to the advice or the sympathies of others in the past, but I feel I should try to reach out somehow. 

I'm 21 (male) and have been diagnosed as severely depressed. I still live at home with one of my parents and as of earlier this week am effectively a college dropout. I have no friends, have never had a girlfriend and have no job. I am rapidly running out of reasons to convince myself to keep going. I have no real hope left for any kind of normal life. I despise myself for being a pointless human being and a drain on society, as well as my parents. I am unfit and overweight. I used to think I wanted to be a soldier or seaman or maybe work for an intelligence agency but those dreams died a fairly long time ago, and I have found no replacements for them. I drink too much, despite it (obviously) doing little to improve my state of mind. This current bout of depression started early last year and has been getting progressively worse. Medication has done jack shit for me and I have fallen out of contact with my GP and therapist.  I have fuck all work experience and no one to provide a reference. My most optimistic view of the future is finding a minimum wage job with which I can kill time and drink until I die of either liver or heart failure. In light of this  I have started for the first time to seriously consider suicide. Previously a fear of death had largely prevented me from looking at such a course of action seriously but lately fear of the future and hatred for the present has started to outweigh my fear of death. I've decided Hanging is probably the way to go for me. I've learned how to tie a hangman's noose and worked out that according to the British five and a half feet of slack rope should be ample to sever my spinal cord (based on my weight) provided I properly site the noose below my left ear. This is an increasingly attractive course of action and I really, *really* need someone to convince me otherwise. 