Ever felt the feeling of hopelessness followed by constant anger?I'm angry. I'm so fucking angry all the fucking time. Why is my life so fucking unfair? My mom just told me today, "You don't have the ability; you don't have the talent, that's why you can't succeed." after an argument in the car. She slapped my face while I was driving 80. In high school I was a bright fucking kid, I knew how the world worked. I was fucking smart. I took AP classes. Was in groups and clubs. Even though I got mostly Bs from the lack of homework and studying, I knew I could make it in college. I could have FUCKING made it. I got into a private university in Boston with a scholarship and I was going to study my ass off, and do fucking well, contrary to my mom's belief. Everything I fucking I did in my life as a kid, I did to make her feel proud. I remember getting 2nd place at a state solo piano competition; I was excited about my accomplishment. My mom only gave a subtle comment about not getting first. Why the fuck can't you ever be a warm mom? Give me motivational speeches when I'm feeling down? Help me with a problem I'm struggling with in life instead of just directing it back to me? Why do you always compare me to dad? I try SO fucking hard to be not like him, but it's killing me inside that I'm so similar. Do you think I like that? Why the fuck can't you ever try to feel what I'm feeling? My life is just hopeless. Last fall, I had to drop out of my school 3 days before classes because of a visa problem. I couldn't any fucking thing about it. I literally just sat home for a year ALL FUCKING DAY feeling like a useless degenerate, wishing I could work, wishing I could do SOMETHING. Guess what? In the United States, if you're not a permanent resident or a citizen, you can't do shit. Do you think I like being a fucking useless piece of shit? I'm fucking trying. I'm working below minimum wage for an under the table job every fucking day. I had to do something or I was gonna go crazy. I see my friends having a fucking blast at their colleges, exploring the new chapters of their life. While I'm stuck here. I can't even meet my best friends from high school during the summer; I'm so fucking ashamed. This wasn't how it was supposed to happen. I was supposed to do something with my life, work towards something meaningful I cared about. It doesn't matter anymore. Nothing does. Nothing in this world is right for me. I just wanted to get this out of my chest before I did it. I've never talked to anybody like this. To everyone reading this, you can do AWESOME fucking things with your life so take a chance on everything. But for me, it's too late. Goodbye.