Will Suicide Save my Life?I've always felt a little "off" I was teased as a kid/adolescent/youngadult...never desired by the opposite sex. I'm not knocking the people who gave me shelter but they weren't good parents. Not one "life lesson" taught, not one skill shared, not a single thing. They died when I was a teenager and left me with nothing because they never told me they were 200K in debt. I was 19 sleeping on trains, and park benches PLEADING with my friends to at least hang out with me. I never asked anyone for a job or $ or anything that their basic human bodies couldnt provide.

Im not a womanizer, I didnt get laid until 22 and then not again until 28. I've never had one relationship. and the one I thought I did, the woman crushed my humanity by lying about why I was no longer compatible.

I'm also massively depressed at the situation of the planet.

I've been calling this stuff out since 1999 as a child but nobody cared. Nobody is going to take the advice or listen to the kid everyone makes fun of, whether or not I could have helped.

It's not ego, I don't want to be propelled into stardom as a fix for what ails me. I just want a couple of friends, a purpose and the possibility of not spending an eternity alone.

I dont get how rapists and racists and womanizers and wife beaters hold onto their relationships, horrible as they may be.

I just feel, That I have to die, not because I *want* to but because if i keep living my body will only experience more heartbreak.

I dont go outside because I have nowhere to go. No bars I want to get emotional in, no desire to be human anymore.

I spent the last year saving almost 6K (im in debt too) in the hopes thered be someone to join me on an adventure at the end of it...instead its crickets.

This is long...nobody will care and itll fade into all the other reddit posts.

Just...How can I live when life doesnt want me around?


Little EDIT here: I'm also adopted. I was adopted into a family of four and three died. No cousins uncles, aunts etc. I also don't have an identity because the country where I was born may not even be my culture. I don't have any nationalism pride or religious fervor. I feel completely unidentifiable to humanity and this, if anything, weighs on me just as much as not being able to take a woman out to dinner in the entirety of my existence.