Maybe this is the best place to talk about this...I have no idea how I should start this post... Or what should I write in it... Truth is, I have no idea how I stumbled by this Reddit at all...  
All I know is that I'm facing a very hard time in my life and I'm not sure if I have the strength to get past this...  
To start with, I'll say my name is George and I am 20 years old... For the past three years, my life has been full of constant up and downs... God, I can barely find my words right now... I'm sorry if what you'll read is grammatically incorrect, but English is not my native language and I can barely see the screen and the keyboard at this moment because my eyes are full of tears...  
I am coming from a not so poor family, but we don't have a great financial state either. I am the only child and my parents argue a lot. Truth is, for as long as I can remember, they've always been arguing... Because of many reasons: jobs, money, dad being drunk, me etc. Usually, everything starts because of my dad being very drunk and my mom being very stubborn.  
I have no idea where I'm going with this, I just feel like writing these here... As I've said, they've been arguing for as long as I can remember, but 3 years ago everything started getting more serious and more intense. Dad started breaking plates, cups, everything that comes to his hand when he's drunk and they are fighting... Mom started treating us that she's going to hang herself one day... And I'm always in the middle, trying to calm them both down... At the same time, 3 years ago, mom started telling me that all this is because of me and that she wishes I did not exist so she doesn't have to cope with my father...  
And that's when I started breaking down... Since then my mental state started to worsen... I started having fights with my mom more and more often... she is always overreacting and thinking that I am against her and that I do not love her and things like that... We've had some fights that sometimes got me to a point where I felt like putting an end to everything and killing myself, heck, I even made plans... But do you know what kept me alive? My girlfriend. Well, my ex-girlfriend, actually, because we broke up recently... She always knew how to talk to me and how to make me reconsider my thinkings... However, for the past year, not even she could help me... Everything got too hard for me to bear...  
This Autumn I started college and moved alone to a new city... But I'm living on my parents' money and mom never misses a chance to tell me that and to shout at me for that... And now I just hate myself... I have depressive moods and I often find myself alone and crying in my room, asking for it all to stop...  
Today I had another fight with her... And I barely managed to stop myself from putting an end to everything... But I feel like I can't go like this much longer... Everything is getting harder and harder to bear and I'm just too tired of everything...