College student making the descentI am in my last semester of college. I have a 4.0 GPA and am majoring in Computer Science. Throughout my life, I've greatly struggled with interpersonal dynamics. I was diagnosed with Autism at an early age, and it's been all but impossible for me to keep friends. I naturally need to talk to people and sustain relationships, and it's a never-ending cycle of me being hurt because someone got offended about something I must have done or said that didn't conform to some social more I was unaware of.

I am gay, and I live in the South. My parents are very religious and all but disowned me when they learned I was gay. I was sexually abused for awhile, and they attribute that to something I must have wanted because I'm gay. My mom is a narcissist (NPD) and spent my whole childhood telling me how terribly I did everything and constantly pushing me to be a perfectionist. 

Our family dynamic was awful, and it's an odd situation now. After years of abuse, my family is reaching out to me and asking for me to stay for a weekend at their house to relax. I'm worried I'll just be hurt more, but they pretend to be completely oblivious to any harm they've done.

I also do have MDD and suffer from severe anxiety, to the point of becoming dehydrated if I run out of water because I can't leave my room to get more. The anxiety is so severe that I take benzodiazepines just to get through the day and do things. Recently, it's just gotten to be too much.

I spend almost all of every day crying. I know that I'll fail in life, and it hurts too much. After all this time, I have an abusive family and precisely 0 people who care about me. I laid down for two days straight sobbing and going in and out, and I realized nobody gave a shit. Not a single missed notification. People pretend to be my friend and then just leave. I barely have energy to move now. Nothing remotely gives me pleasure, and I've started to do reckless things because I honestly don't care anymore what happens to me.

I have a panic attack daily when I wake up and cry myself to sleep, sometimes with the help of Ambien. I am so alone and isolated and weird, and I just thought that at this age, I would be somewhere better. 

I recently purchased a gun and have been pointing it at my head and imagining it going off and having all of my problems splatted right out.

There's nobody I can talk to and no way out for me that I can see.