Best resource for mental health help for somebody without a lot of money?I've been dealing with the death of my father for about a year and it comes and goes with how well I can actually deal with it.  The past few months have been especially hard for some reason.  I have very little money left, no immediate family, one friend I see once a week, and a fiancee who I love but who is also under a great deal of mental and emotional stress (and being around me doesn't make it any better).  I have talked to both master's and PhD level therapists this year and it never helps.  Talk therapy doesn't fix anything for me.  Maybe it's because my bachelor's degree is in psychology but it never helps anything.

The days where I don't think about (bad things) are probably fewer than the ones where I do, and that makes me so sad.

Sometimes I feel like I can't do it anymore, and it disappoints me because I've got a lot going for me on paper (got accepted back to college for a second bachelor's degree recently), but most days it's a struggle just to wake up and go to my job.  I feel like I just want to go away and let the world go on without me, and I realize that's a dangerous kind of thinking that I need to nip in the bud before it gets the better of me.

I was drinking a lot this past year but I've been trying to quit for a few weeks too.  Not being able to numb myself to the same degree has led to many nights where I don't sleep well, where I get lost in my own thoughts, and where I go to bad places quickly.

I have many hobbies and I have passions, but I have no passion for those passions on my bad days.

I need to do something to fix myself.  I don't want to have this constant cloud over me anymore.  Any ideas as to what I should do?

I feel like the levels between my coping mechanisms and my overwhelming pervasive depression are very skewed in the direction of the latter.

Thanks for listening anyway, helped to type that out.

**Edit:**  To clarify, I am talking about real, actual mental health help - or perhaps medication - not reading self help books, not going for a run, not meditating.  I have done all of those things ad nauseum.  I do them regularly.  I try to fill my life with as much of the "positive lifestyle" kind of stuff as I possibly can, but it's not working.  I've read everything from the entire Taoist canon to Marcus Aurelius to Steven Hawking to Kierkegaard to Tai Chi masters and beyond.  Respectfully, please understand that telling me to just jog it off isn't going to help.  I work out daily.  I am meticulous about trying to eat healthy.  I don't drink like a fish anymore.  I need real help and I don't know what to do.