I dont know what to do and it's tearing me apartI am a 22 yo last year of engineering school. I live in morocco and i hate what i am studying. I have hated it since the first year but each time I pass finals i tell myself nxt year will be easier and that i will be a smarter more educated man when i graduate, now i am in my last year i regret sticking around. However i rly dont know what i shoudl go do else or if i quit at my first year what would i have done. In my country to even get a job it's hard. I am not dumb i consider myself decently smart not elon musk but not mr bean ( what you would excpect from an engineer )I am so anxious about life about going out there looking from internships and jobs and how much they are going to pay. and if a crisis hit and i get layed out whether i would be able to sustain myself or not. I am so anxious about success that sometime i rly think there is no point, that i am going to be a failure and i will always stay a failure.Last year i was the president of the comitee organizing our local job fair, Miserably FAILED.2 weeks ago i tried an exam for business schools in france now that results are back i didnt get a good mark. Again a FAILURE. Also 2 weeks ago my gramma died she was most favorite person in the entire world. She died and i didnt spend enough time with her because i was studying. I still can't grasp it.

I am not rich tho my parents are willing to pay for me to go study abroad but i cant burden them all that much if i can't repay them back and this is killing me. I am so scared that even if i get admited to a very good school ( finance school or engineering) that i will end up not being good at it and fail miserably. I like coding and programming but sadly i can't affoard going to the us and paying for my education nor can i stand staying in morocco with these miserable wages. In my country youhave to be good and struggle to find a job, a job that will probably pay you 800 dollars a month ( if you are good) and if they sense a bit or need in you they will squeeze you to a 500 or even 400. I suck at everything i dont myself good at a job, I dont see myself good at anything even video games for fucks sake i suck at them. idk what i am here for or what i am meant to do.

I dont see a point in living any more tbh, i dont know where i m headed and i dont know if i should live or not. I wish i could die i have no problem with it, at all but i can't stand leaving my mom alone i love her too much to just leave and i know it will tear her apart. My girlfriend too. I try to keep up a smile everyday but it's really hard to do. I lost alot of friends because i like to stay in and not talk too much. Because after fake smiling to acting happy i need some time off to feel miserable, too feel more like me.  
Also lately i ve been developping some panick attack, just 3 days ago i lost my last intership certificate, and i had one.  
I have a deep fear of failure but at the same time i can't bring myself to study anymore. I lost all my passion. Graduation year of highschool i ranked 1st in my school even won awards. ranked 1 in physics in my county. Now i am barely passing my exams. I dont even want to wake up anymore. Though i m constantly looking for a spark for something i like. 5 years has gone nothing has hsows itself. I even was following Garyvee ansshit like that. nothing gets me up. 

  
If someone is reading this i am sorry this was this long. I dont know if what i am typing is coherent or makes sense. I am typing this tears down and i just needed somewhere to speak where no one knows me. I have never said this to anyone and i doubt i will again, anytime soon.If someone commented Thank you for your time and sorry to burden you with my problems.