I don't know how to continueI was molested, beaten, had a gun put to my head when I was 5, watched my mom get beaten for 3 years during my childhood, and have struggled to continue to live.

I'm currently a senior in college.  I'm a little older than other students because I had a late start.  I've been diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and ptsd recently.  The therapist said I would need counseling for many years.  I was taking several medications which helped some, but had some side effects including insomnia.  I never made it back to the doctor to follow up and get another prescription, and things have spiraled downhill since.  

I last took medicine and saw a therapist about a month ago.  Now I feel worse off than I was previously.  It's so hard to force myself to go get help.  I'm so ashamed of myself, my life, and how everything has turned out.  I never had thoughts of harming myself until tonight.  I couldn't bring myself to do it though because I love my family too much.  I haven't been to class since I stopped taking the medicine, just locked myself in my apartment.  I have the most supportive mother in the world, but I can never talk to her about my problems because she blames herself.  I don't feel comfortable talking to the therapist at school, and had to skip a lot of subjects that I didn't want to talk about.  I don't want to talk to other family or friends because they've always relied on me, not the other way around.

I recently tried to talk to one of my childhood abusers who I hadn't seen in 22 years.  I wanted an apology or some sign of remorse, and I didn't get it.  I wanted to be able to forgive her.  She's my father's ex-wife whom he married after him and my mom separated.  I hoped that aging from 28 years old to 50 years old would have allowed her to mature and have regrets, but it didn't.  She mocked me.  She said horrible, untrue things about myself, my family, my mom...and then she pretended that she didn't know who I was and said I "must have the wrong person because she's never beaten or threatened to kill any child."  I wish I had never tried to do that.  It was a huge mistake. 

I don't know if I can continue school at the moment.  I know there are options to withdraw and take some time off and come back to it, but I already had to do that once a couple years ago as a sophomore.  I don't want to disappoint my family.  The self-isolation has crippled me to the point that I don't feel comfortable leaving my apartment.  I know what I need to do, I know that I need to go back to the doctor, take medicine, continue therapy, and withdraw from school until I can sort myself out.  But I can't bring myself to do that.  I already feel like a failure, and I've already had a chance to get help and failed so quickly.  I don't even deserve another chance.