Too complicatedHi. I feel like dying. I was trying to talk to this girl at work and I don't know whether she likes me or not. A while back the bosses said that she said she didn't want anything outside of work, but I talked to her recently and she said that she never said that or told them to say that to me. This would be fine in and of itself, but she also blocked me on Instagram around the same time the bosses talked to me. I'm just done with all this. I'm afraid to hurt again even though I have no right nor reason to feel the pain. My dad's going to say "I told you so" when he sees me upset and most likely get a kick out of it. 

 I'm guessing stemming from this confusion and anxiety, just a couple minutes ago I sort of lost all of my reasons to live. Nothing is bringing joy at this moment. I don't want to be here anymore. There's no such thing as help. If life is going to be this complicated and hard to figure out, I don't think I want to be around for it. I don't know though. I'm just an idiot who falls for people too easily. An aspie with no hope of ever being normal. I wish I could just eat a bullet. I don't even think I know if I'm ready to fall in love. Don't know if I ever will be. Probably should just take the knife to my wrists and let the blood wash away with the weight of everything. Perhaps I'll hang myself with a noose. Whenever I think about this stuff it makes me happy oddly. Like I want to die and find humor in that fact. Even if she does like me back, I'm probably going to kill myself sometime anyway. Maybe it's best to just do it and get it over with before I get any poor girls hopes up. Suicide is inevitable for me I think. It's just going to happen. I don't know when. I don't know how, but it will. 

I'm tired of burdening people with these thoughts. Suicidal person who keeps saying that they'll do it, but they never do. I know I can stop it with willpower, but I think a pretty decent part of me is just done. 

I don't know how many more nights I can just hit the bed sheets instead of the noose. The thought of the end with a gun to my head makes me laugh. 

Besides no one responds on here. I guess I'm just venting. I probably won't do it anytime soon, but I feel like I'm ready anytime and all it takes is one bad moment for that kitchen knife to plunge into my heart with a smile on my face and laughter in my eyes.