I can't talk.I've always been very quiet. When I was in school I never talked to anyone or made any friends and never participated in any activities. I also never went outside of my home other than going to classes. I'm still like this today after I've finished school.

I went to university studying computer science. I live in a small country in eastern Europe so the education isn't very good. I got by with minimal grades and somehow managed to graduate, but I pretty much didn't learn anything and that also means I won't be able to get a job in the field. I also didn't have a social life at all and it was a complete waste of time and money and I wish I never went there.

It's been almost two years since I finished university. During that time I've only been able to get a handful of job interviews which all went terribly of course because of my lack of knowledge and lack of social skills. Also because I don't go outside much I was always scared to go to the place of the interviews alone so I had to beg my mother or my brother to come with me, which they hated doing because they hate me.

Other than that I pretty much haven't gone outside at all in the past two years. My family doesn't care and never tries to help me. I've also begged them to help me find some kind of job not related to computer science like being a cashier or something like that, but they don't let me do that because it would be an embarrassment to them if I had a job like that with my university degree.

So yeah. I don't see why I should continue my pathetic meaningless existence. All I've ever done with my life is just waste it away in front of my computer. Which isn't even good so it can't really play any video games so I can't even become a video game addict. Sometimes I read other posts on this subreddit and I get jealous because I think even these people have better lives than me. They say their reasons are like breaking up relationships or being a burden to their friend or not liking their dead end job. But I only wish I could have a partner to break up with me or a friend to be a burden to or a dead end job to not like. I know that I'll never have these things. Often I can't fall asleep at night worrying about my future because I'm not able to take care of myself and I have to rely on my parents for things like food and paying the bills and stuff. And I'm scared that when they die I'll become homeless.

I never thought I could write so much about my life. I often wish that I could have some kind of outlet that people with unhappy lives have like drugs or alcohol but I can't even have those things because I can't get them being at home all the time. But I do watch a lot of porn, so I don't know if that counts. I spend almost 3 hours every day watching it. I also spend more than 12 hours in bed. I used to go out to get haircuts until last year, but I can't even be bothered to do that anymore. I'm trying to have some sort of childish attempt at getting attention from my parents by not having haircuts and not shaving my beard and sleeping all day in order to get them to notice me. But I've been doing it for months now and they couldn't care less.

People on the internet always say that you should "get help". I tried going to a psychologist once. Of course I couldn't do it myself so I had to beg my mother for months to take me to one. It was a bad experience for me. My psychologist only asked me about stupid irrelevant things and I couldn't really say what I wanted to say because I'm not good at talking. She gave me anti depressants and anxiety pills. But she never told me about coming to another session and I was too shy to mention it myself. She only seemed to want to get rid of me as soon as possible. Anyway, I started taking the pills for about two months but they didn't do anything for me. I asked my mother to take me to the psychologist again so that I can tell her this. My psychologist only told me that the pills don't start working immediately and I should just keep taking them. And again she still didn't say anything about having another session. From what I read on the internet people go to their psychologists for multiple sessions, sometimes for years. Anyway I kept taking the pills for almost a whole year and still didn't feel anything different so I just stopped caring and didn't take them anymore.

This post is too long and probably no one is going to bother reading it. I wish that I could get the courage to commit suicide sometime soon because I'm really tired of this pathetic existence.