Suicide seems like a valid option.I realise my problems aren't as great as others, but they're starting to really get to me and suicide seems like a valid option at the moment. I was bullied since childhood. Pretty much every day. Eventually, near the end of my time in school, my teachers just ignored it and one even blamed me. That's when I started what I could call, actual depression. It went away when I met a girl I really liked. She fucked someone else and just laughed at me when I found out. I got more depressed than before after that. I couldn't concentrate in college and had a councillor. It didn't help and I was eventually told I couldn't continue onto the next years course, despite passing that year.

My social skills are almost non-existent. For some reason I still have friends though. I'm 20 and still living at home, with no job. I tried looking but got rejected from everywhere I tried. I met another girl. Things went well for around a year and out of no-where she said she no longer loves me. Now I'm alone, can't go out with the few friends I still have left because I have no money, can't get money because I can't get a job and now I'm more depressed than ever.

I've put so much work into trying to be happy and always thinking things will turn out well in the end but it never does. I'm now alone, depressed and despite always thinking suicide is never a good option, I'm starting to think differently. I don't think things will work out well and I don't know how to make them better. I've tried and failed at it so many times.

I've talked to some people about how I feel. I get the usual responses "You'll be okay" "Things always work out in the end". It's hard to believe that when it's coming from people who already have a job, car, place to live, girlfriend etc. And the responses don't help me. I've heard them before and there is no advice for me to follow which can fix things. Everything that people tell me depends only on believing something will work out, which is something I've ran out of.

As I said before. My problems aren't huge ones compared to others. But they're enough to make me feel like this.

Sorry if that was too long to read.

tl;dr depressed, considering suicide etc.