I need help. I have one foot on the ledge and no one around to pull me back.I've been married for two and a half years. A couple days ago, I decided to get divorced. I haven't even told him of my intentions yet. 

I found out my husband was engaging in sexual conversations with women online, and it broke me. I realized I had been looking at my relationship through rose tinted glasses, but discovering that one act shattered the illusion I'd built. I'm not happy with him. I don't know if I ever truly was. My husband was my safety net. The person who made me feel like I wasn't completely alone in this world. But happy? No. Not really. Comfortable. But not happy. 

And now I'm flailing. "Self destructing," my best friend said. Because I've been living with walking depression for years. I had to -- I had a husband to support, a roommate to parent (because he's the most immature person I know), a house to take care of, and a job to do. But now that my illusion of happiness is gone, I have no reason to maintain it. My sadness has morphed from walking depression to straight depression. I can't fight it anymore. I can't control it. One day I'll be totally fine -- smiling and laughing and keeping my mind off my struggles. The next day, like today, I'll wake up miserable. I'll look at my previous self harm scars and imagine opening them back up with the box cutter in my purse. I'll stand at the railing of my balcony and look down, wondering if it's a large enough drop to kill me. 

My best friend is right. I'm self destructing. I told a friend I've known since high school that I loved him. I don't love him. I just wanted him to love *me*. To feel like someone cared. To feel like someone held me higher than I held myself. I planned a trip back to my home town to get away from life, my husband, and my roommate. But before I went, I joined a dating website and listed my location as my home town. I wanted to meet up with someone while I was there, just for a fling. I just wanted to feel. Feel anything but crippling sadness and despair. I flirted with every guy I could the week up until my trip, but no one took the bait. So back at my home town, I flirted with every guy I could in person. Again, no one took the bait. 

But I did eventually meet someone on the dating site. We've been talking nonstop for two weeks. He told me after a week that he was falling in love with me. I said it back. I meant it. But now that I'm feeling this way, did I really mean it? Do I truly love him? Or am I just looking for something to save me? He's everything I could ever want in a partner. He's everything I've been looking for my whole life. But I feel guilty. 

That's what it is. Guilt. Not because of what it would do to my husband if he found out. But because this new man deserves so much better than me. He thinks that I'm this perfect woman -- the woman of his dreams. He knows that I'm married. He knows that I've been sad. He knows that if he wasn't talking to me every day, I'd be in the hospital right now. And yet it doesn't bother him, because he loves me and wants to support me in any way he can. It *should* bother him. It *should.* Because I'm going to ruin him. I'm going to take his heart, punch it, stomp on it, pulverize it, then bury it six feet under. Because that's what I do. People love me, and I ruin them. And he doesn't deserve that. He's the best man I've ever met in my life. I *do* love him. I know that now. And I don't want to bring him down with my bullshit. With my depression. With my suicidal thoughts. He didn't sign up for this. He deserves better. And I can't burden him with it. 

I've thrown out help lines. To my parents, my sister, my friends. Even last night, I reached out to my best friend. But he didn't hear me. He never does. I didn't really expect anything less from him. But it still hurt. My husband doesn't talk to me. My parents and sister are too far away. My best friend doesn't have an emotional cell in his body. And the new man in my life shouldn't have to deal with me. 

So I'm alone. I'm completely, totally, utterly alone. And I'm tired. I'm so tired. And I'm so broken. I can't see a way forward. I can't see my future. All I can see is the pavement when my face hits it. The gun in my mouth. The knife on my wrist. My car wrapped around a tree. That's my future if I don't get help. But I can't get help, because I have no one to help me. I have no money to get care. I have no one to talk to. I have nothing. Nothing except this crushing depression. And a knife. And a gun. 

How many times will my calls for help go unnoticed before I just end it? How much longer can I live like this before I finally just... quit? How much more can I take? 