Not sure if attempts or just lookingSo I've been battling depression and heavy bipolar for awhile now. 

I'm only 29 but I had a good set of friends that I lashed out at for over a year now and pretty much lost all of them. 

Like really bad saying I'm completely done and quoting Joe rogans simulation theory YouTube video and Alan watts nonexitance theory, and how they never put me in any situations to ever get better despite I go out to bars and surf, snowboard, kayak fish, mtb, hike, skate and I'm not completely hideous in fact I'd say I'm quite passable and no one knows or would believe me.

For some reason though I remain a virgin despite being in a "cool" group of longterm friends well was a part of.

I'm not sure what happened in highschool, after i moved to over to 2 different cities and totally puss ed out on a couple girls. 

Moved back home 3 yrs later all the while having a pretty large group of friends to relate.

Then I messed up one girl that was interested in me I think for over a year over snap chat but never moved in. And she was defiantly my type and I'm not sure I can accept it

I'm sure Noone can relate that has had sex like normal person the sender way surfing seems crazy to you, and it's gotten quite bad.

Then I slowly got agressive then blew up. I'm not saying I'm good with word but I was extremely hostile and was saying some crazy almost unargueable facts from the simulation theory and Alan watts enough I think to really scare them.

Anyway I used to be really funny and positive and extremyl active for about 27 yrs then snapped and now have no real friends

My auto pay on my insurance went out and I rearended someone so now I don't have a license. The bf/gf I used to fish with I 3rd wheel all the time and now I got no one to go with and see the photos, and they turned out to be complete the worse friends very quick to burn the second I wasn't what I used to be

I moved to Utah cause it was driving me crazy and got a job after a month. I didn't go and went back to California where I live.

I also have pectus cariatum which is for the most part fixed but I still rememeber.

Ending bit I live very close to the golden gate and have been going there for about 4 yes now just to have the option be there when I think. I've put a bit too much wright over the other day and realized I'm finally done

Tl; Dr

Virgin

Not bad looking yet somehow never

Yelled at lifelong friends hostile and somewhat crazy theory clearly enough to freak them out. For over a year now total loss

Noone to do anything with I'm quite tired of even doing anything by myself and not even that with dudes, the guys I chilled with were super chill so I know that's not gonna work

Also going outside is quite embarrassing and cannot get out anymore. I've gotten he 5150 ,meds
Thru the years like prozac, nefedrine, seroquel, etc

I'm tired of not sharing any of my outdoor interest and am unemployed, virgin and even if a girl magically appeared I guarantee I wouldn't do anything. I'm also quite likable so it kind if unbelievable

So I'm yelling at my parents and everyone I need help. Is there government assistance I can quilify for money? I can't imagine working anytime soon. 

I feel even then I'm quite done I had so many outlets but there all worthless on your own
 If you see my YouTube you be like what you look like everything's fine and you do cool stuff but it's really just me unraveling

Reminds me were all just a program and a cycle of thought once one goes it's as if it never been there, we can cycle though giving a effect of perminense but there is not thinker thinking the thought she it's just synopses and when there gone it's ad if it's never been there