I'm an oxygen thief.I've been wishing to die since I can remember.  When I was in elementary school, I would daydream about a truck plowing through the wall and killing me so I wouldn't have to face another day.  There's never been a single year of my long life where I haven't spent a significant portion of it wishing for death.

I just lost my job (the company folded) right when I car has broken down (it's going to cost more than $2500 to fix it, and I just don't have that money).  I'm in massive debt because of my own stupidity with money and because I'm trying to support my sister through university.  She has run up my credit cards a lot on purchases.  It's not her fault; I have only myself to blame.  I'm a firm believer in fixing your own problems, and I can't point a finger at ANYONE but myself for my problems.

I can't commit suicide right now because my sister only has 7 months of college left, and I don't want to fuck up her future by stressing her out during the hardest semesters.  But I'm in so much debt, with no job, and no way way to repair this car that we share.  I don't know how I'm going to get her to school/work everyday, and I don't have a way to go to interviews now.  I told her I'd get her through college, and I've failed her so hard.  I'm trying to find a place for her and her cat to live while she finished college because we're going to be kicked out of our apartment.

I fucked up so hard that I don't even deserve another chance.  I've been given chances, and I've screwed them all up.  I don't contribute to society, I'm not a very good friend and I don't bring real joy to anyone's life (they just tolerate me), my credit score is about to be destroyed.  In America, your credit score is EVERYTHING.  You can't get an apartment, a car, or a job with a shitty credit score.

I've already got plans to distance myself from my friends and family once my sister graduates. I'll get them to hate me so that it won't hurt anyone too badly when I jump off a bridge.  I already screwed up one suicide attempt (I didn't chicken out, I just didn't know how hard it is to kill a person with no access to guns), and I'll make sure it's done right this time.

Has anyone else out there made it through $20,000 of debt and still managed to live a respectable life?  I don't see how I'm ever going to be a decent, respected person with the problems I've created for myself.  I will always be idiot scum who can't make it as a proper adult in America.  I can't make myself happy even though I've tried so hard.