TrappedI have autism spectrum disorder. (It would be Asperger's if I'd been diagnosed before the DSM changed.) Right now it's hard for me to put together sentences. Speaking would be harder. 

Relevant information: I've lived with my partner since 1996. Because my memory day-to-day is poor, I've kept a diary of our arguments for the last few years. But I remember that even back at the beginning, we had about one fight a month. I remember my mother trying to be funny and saying "maybe it's his time of the month". 

By "fight" I mean an argument that results in me having a meltdown and either leaving him or wishing I could. But now we've had so many of these that they follow a predictable pattern and no longer scare me. I know that he'll apologize, and that particular issue either won't come up again or not for a long time.

This has been ongoing for twenty one years. Then last month it changed: We had seven fights in June. So far there have been two in July. It's like he just yells at me out of the blue for no reason, and completely unpredictably. I keep track; so I know. The reasons are all over the place. A link to my blog if anyone wants the gorey details: https://www.prosebox.net/entry/590361

Tonight he yelled at me for asking if we could not get sausage on the pizza, because both hamburger and spicy food give me pain. He went off on a long rant about how impossible I am to feed. 

I have no options. My family wants nothing to do with me. My own mother has lung cancer and doesn't want me to visit, she says "You just stress me out too much". I can't go to a shelter because I'd lose my cats, and they're like my kids. I have no income of my own. I'm waiting to see a judge about SSI, because I can't hold down a job.  

I can't go on like this. I barely spoke to him today, thinking less contact might lessen the chance of getting yelled at over nothing; and the one time I decided to open my mouth was all it took. 

My best theory is that it's because he's had a radical increase in income. We went from being so broke that I had to budget carefully to make sure the bills are paid, to having enough money that I no longer need to budget at all. Right now all of the extra is just accumulating, and he plans to spend it on home improvement stuff on his vacation. - I think all of that extra money has given him extra confidence, to express maybe what he used to only express once a month? 

I dunno. I do know that I can't live like this, and I have no way out besides the noose I'm presently constructing from shoe laces and tee shirts. If it worked for David Carradine and Robin Williams, it should work for me. 

I sat here and rocked and cried a long time. At one point he brought me pizza, looked at me SO MEAN and as he left said "makes no !@#$ing sense!" - So that's how much sympathy he's got. 

I've got no way out. 

