The worst thing is not even having a bad life and still wanting it to stopLife isn't even the problem. I haven't faced adversity or had terrible life events or even really had the struggles that everyone else does. It's just me. My family supports me and I have friends but I'm still a fuck up.  That's the worst part. Knowing that you have been given every chance to make something of yourself and be what you want but you consistently fuck it up or can't even begin to be motivated to try. 

19yrs old going to a community college and I'm to fucking stupid to even pass a basic college algebra class. I can't even talk to a girl let alone have a relationship with one. So what do I have to look forward to in my life? I get to work a shitty job I hate forever because I'm to stupid to go to school. I get to live alone in my parents garage till I die because let's be real I'm not gonna outlive them or ever have enough money to move out. 

All my friends move forward in life. Getting girlfriends, fiancés, making new connections, moving out and graduating but I only go backwards. Oh you and your girl have been together for 4 years? Wow that's great! I've been alone for 19 and I don't see a future where I won't be. Oh you are moving out to go to college? How awesome! I'm still living in a garage cause my parents knew I wouldn't make it at a real school so they didn't even let me try. Oh spring break is next week just hold on till then so you can see your friends. Oh you mean the friends that come back from college and spend all their time home fucking the girls they liked from high school while I sit at home high as fuck and drunk as fuck alone just like every night. 

Nothing is fun anymore. My friends gave up on me a long time ago. I can barely get up to take the trash out so fuck even thinking about trying to do something productive 

The only think that keeps me grounded are drugs and alcohol but I don't want to live as a druggy fuck up failure.  I feel like I'm going down an escalator watching everyone else go up. 

"But it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem" well when the problem is me how is it temporary?