I can't control myself.The number one thing everyone always warns you about in a relationship is to not fall in too deep. I'm not even 18 yet and I fucked up. I feel shitty just writing about my life because i have no reason to be depressed. I come from an upper middle class family in NYC, I go to a really good high school and even though all I do is play games all day, my grades and test scores are really high. I have a lot of friends, and an amazing girlfriend.

Shes extremely affectionate and I know that she loves me. It's not enough. I don't know why. My mood can go from very high to thinking about committing suicide in the span of half an hour if she doesn't respond to my text. I know shes probably busy doing homework. I know I'm fucking stupid and overthinking things. It doesn't matter. Today I wanted her to come over. If she does, she would have to leave after a few hours to eat dinner with her parents. I don't understand why that made me so sad. She works some days after school. From 4-7. I wait until she finishes so that I can take the train with her home. I always ask if she wants me to wait. She always says yes. I never told her I wanted her to come over. She never asked. I don't tell her to do something unless I know she wants to. She never gives me the feeling like she wants to though. When I don't respond after an hour or give her other hints that I'm feeling down, she starts crying. Then I try to comfort her. I always ask her why she's sad. And when she feels better, and less sad, she forgets about how it started in the first place. With me being depressed. She doesn't ask why.

I cut for the first time in my life today. I think I have anger issues, but (thankfully) I only show it when I'm alone. I cracked my phone screen by banging it on my head. I'm pretty stupid sometimes. I tried texting her less. I responded fully when she texted me first. It was killing me inside to only text her a few times a day. I don't know why. I see her in person every day. She started crying one day because I was being cold. After that I started all the conversations. I texted her all the time. She went back to never texting first. I understand that this is extremely petty, to be hung up over who texts first and whatnot. It's dumb, but not to me. The only thing that matters to me is talking to her. Being with her. When she doesn't reciprocate, I get depressed. 

I don't know how to control myself. I tried opening up to friends. Friends that I don't talk to much anymore because I spend all my time on her. They always give the same advice. "Take a break.". "Stop caring so much.". We were in call this morning. I was waiting for her to say she wanted to hang out. To see me. She didn't. I can't concentrate on anything else. I can't stop thinking about her.