I didn't realize I was such an asshole. Now I fucking hate myself.I was fine before. My life was normal. I didn't have self esteem issues. I didn't regret anything.

I found out I have a horrible, fucked up sense of humor, and I didn't even realize. I thought other people understood when I was joking or being sarcastic. I thought they knew I didn't mean anything I said. They didn't know. It's not funny. I'm just a huge asshole that insults people for no reason. 

How do they not know I'm joking? How did I not realize that until now?

I didn't realize I hurt people. I didn't realize I was such an asshole. I don't want to be an asshole. I hate myself and my sense of humor. This is my fault.

I never wanted to hurt anybody. Never in a million years would that have been my intention. But apparently people don't know that. That's my fault. My sense of humor is so fucked. I hate it. I hate myself so much. 

What the fuck is wrong with me? How am I so stupid? How could I not realize that people didn't know? Is there something really wrong with me?

This isn't cool or romantic at all. It's just pathetic. I'm so fucking pathetic.

I apologized to everyone I could but I still feel like shit. They can't forgive me for being a piece of trash. More importantly I can't forgive myself for being a piece of trash.

I'm seeing all the horrible things I've done now. What an awful person I am.

These next few days, I'm going to be trying to delete my online presence. Organize everything I have. Destroy any trace of me that isn't useful. It gives me peace of mind.

But all I want is to be forgotten. I just want everyone to forget about me. Hopefully I find the courage to kill myself somehow. I don't want anyone to discover my body, but at the same time, I nees to give closure so eventually, everyone might forget about me.

People will pretend they cared. They shouldn't care. I'm a piece of shit and I don't deserve friends. I don't deserve empathy. I don't even deserve pity.

I'm an asshole. I'm so fucking stupid. I'm an awful fucking excuse for a person.

Please. Forget me.

You're all better off without me.