Change My Plan: I should kill myself as soon as possibleThe only thing preventing me now is the lack of apposite resources and, unsurprisingly, laziness. 

I don’t know how best to organize the obligatory list of reasons why I’m sold on this thing. You definitely don’t need my life story. I’m not of the temperament to go on a rant that would, laced between expletives and lamentations of self-loathing, sporadically reveal my rationale in some coincidental cipher. Randomness is too inelegant, although it fits my mood. I guess the cliff notes are fine.

I can never be who I want to be. The personality I’ve dreamt up for myself is a complete fiction. Even though there may have been stages, phases, or moments of my life where I did possess some of those ideal qualities, I’m now degenerating in every respect. I’ve never had a skill except that I lost it – and I never had many to begin with. I never do anything except that I fail, and in quite humiliating, catastrophic fashion at that. I’m stupid, literally. I don’t understand things. 

My cognitive powers (and I use that term almost ironically) are rapidly deteriorating. I can’t talk to people anymore. I can’t hold a conversation. I can’t make a joke. (There was a brief period where I was the funny guy. That’s not exactly what I would want now as a summative ascription, but to lose the very ability to be funny when that was one of your only redeeming features, your only saving grace, one of the only qualities you could seize with wistful, poignant joy and say, “that’s mine,” is a very hard thing). I’m super slow. I can’t respond. I slur my words to the point people literally can’t understand me. Etc.

I say the wrong things instead of the right things now. That is, when I manage to say anything at all. I somehow manage to humiliate myself even in the most quotidian circumstances. I am unimpressive, reticent, humorless, anonymous, and forgettable. I am misunderstood, and I make myself further misunderstood. 

There are some external factors that exacerbate my misery. I’ll name some of em because they reaffirm the internal ones, which are really the ones that pushed me over the edge. 

I’ve been making under $500 a month for the past 9 months or something. I don’t care about money; I’d be happy on the poverty line, but this absolute lack financial independence does add consonant notes to the cosmic orchestra playing “You Can’t do Anything” in E Minor.  To be fair, I do have an interview soon – the first one in a long time. I don’t expect to get it. 

There’s no direction I take except that I’m blocked; no path I pursue except that I’m cut off; no endeavor I undertake except that I fail. I mean, literally, yo. I’m not exaggerating. It’s almost comical.

My health has taken a nosedive. I would bear this with grace, but it’s now taking its toll and I can’t really go on like this, even if I can stay sane. I can’t eat much of anything without it arousing in me some sort of deleterious and disabling mental or physical reaction. There’s nothing too gross going on, though, so I thank God for that. It’s been going on for so long now, I don’t know when it began, only that its perniciousness is accelerating. 

Anyway, I’ve kind of digressed from the point. The real issue is not with things outside, but with my self. The mere horror of worldly tribulation might keep me depressed, but it’s the fact I am the problem in ways that are insoluble that makes me suicidal. It’s things that are fundamental to me and immutable. Qualities that can be changed aren’t a problem. 

The biggest challenge here is that my existential combustion here is the result of not having solutions to the problems. Talking it out isn’t going to make me back off the cliff, I don’t think. I just need solutions. I’m writing this mainly in the hopes that by some miracle of God one of you suggests something that strikes me, that moves me in some way; partly for catharsis; and partly because, even if it’s not going to ultimately solve anything, I’m a human and sometimes people talking to you feels good.

Tl;dr: I don’t want to kill myself. I just can’t see any survivable options. Change my plan. AMA, if you want, too.

PS. I’m posting this on my real account without any privacy browser because apparently some of you are willing to breach all manner of civility and track people’s locations, and I’m not tech savvy enough to stop you regardless. Listen, let me tell you this right now: don’t track me. It’s just going to make me feel humiliated, and that’s part of what led me here in the first place. Please, please, don’t molest my anonymity. It’s all I got. You think you’ll be my knight in shining armor by chivalrously ignoring my wishes because you’re working for my best interests. No. No, you’re a villain and an egotist. Don’t hurt me anymore than I am. And don’t be so full of yourself.

 
____________

Thank you for reading to the end if you did. I wish there was some reward at the end of this long and arduous journey for you. Take some love as a consolation prize. X-* xoxo