Girlfriend left me. No Family. I am alone.Hi Reddit,

I have never done anything like this before, so please be gentle with me.

I have a prior history of depression and self-harming between 2006 and 2008, however this changed when I met the girl of my dream in 2009. I dated this girl for 3 years before she finally decided to break it off with me and left me all of the sudden. Why did she break it off me is unknown to me, but I could see that our relationship was fading away and the signs of me cracking up again were slowly showing. Maybe she was frightened?

Her family never really supported me much (not that I expected them too), nor had the confidence that I would the right guy for their daughter. He mother has since never liked the idea of me dating her daughter, therefore she took every opportunity to attempt to get her daughter to break it off with me. This happened spreading over three years where her mother accused me of manipulating her daughter in attempt to get Laura take a different approach toward, but to be honest with you Reddit, I could have never been a better boyfriend toward her. I did everything to make this girl happy every day, but I maybe of overdid it? Her mother used a range of different techniques in attempt to manipulate her, and I guess the final straw came in June when it was found that the mother was using her daughter's name to register for multiple credit cards and catalogues, none of which my girlfriend authorized her mother to do so. I was blamed for the trouble, and I guess she took that excuse to leave me. 
Since leaving me, her family have attempted to make up several stories about me in attempt to cover up the mother's fraud. It is apparent that I am known as a "psycho" and a "control freak", although as I recall, my last few weeks I spent with Laura, I was happy, but overly stressed with my job. It is the case where she is never allowed to see me again and must abide to her parent's rules, yet she is old enough (20) to make her own discussions with her life. This fills with me dread and guilt because I can see from sitting here what her parents are doing to her, manipulating her in thinking that I am wrong for her. I am now honestly scared of what they could do next, and my options have only been only to take one step as a time to figure all of this out on my own, and honestly, I cannot handle this on my own anymore.

I've currently have no moral support from nether my family or my so called "friends", none which have given a single shit about what I am going through right this moment. My history with my family goes way back before I met my girlfriend. My dad has always been quite abusive toward me, and has been this way going way back when I was younger, while the rest of my dad’s side of are made of up alcoholism and drug addicts. My mother on the other hand has remarried and since moved away, therefore I am unable to get some direct moral support from her other than the odd telephone calls telling me that everything will be fine.

Right now, I feel as if I can’t go on living like this anymore, as if my life was snatched away from me suddenly, and now everything feels heavy around me, and I feel as I am just being a burden to my family and my ex-girlfriend, and as well to myself. I myself, I am hearing impaired, therefore it has always been a burden on myself, my social life, and my confidence.  The next burden on me is that I have let myself down with my health big time with being overweight and leaving my teeth to decay badly due to heavily drinking soda and energy drinks all the time, now I am just a complete train wreck of myself. Being this way, and with the lack of income and self-esteem I just cannot see myself containing any further with my life anymore. I really see my final days closing in very fast and I have considered in ending my life to rid of those burdens and guilt I am feeling. 

How much longer I am going to stick around for is unknown to me... but whoever is out there who is able to give the advice I need to make me feel stronger, please please just help me...