Bitter, full of regret, stuck on the past. Wanting to die.Hello, I'm a male in my early twenties from Northern Europe. I've been severely depressed for a few years (last two years of my country's equivalent of high school, which made me extent it for another year). This led me to almost completely disappear from the society, rotting away inside my room indulging myself in escapist media such as video games, anime, pornography. Now I'm currently in a better place. Well, sort of. I started working out, watching what I eat, keep a consistent sleep schedule, quit watching porn, got a job that I enjoyed, currently studying for entrance exams to an university. Despite all of this, I'm feeling terrible all the time, worse than I did during my *hikikomori* days. Antidepressants don't work.

Recent addition to these feelings is a resentment towards anyone better off than me, especially people younger than me living their teens to their fullest, having relationships (this especially is hurtful for me, since I've never had a girlfriend or anything close to that), travelling and making awesome memories together. Meanwhile, I spent my teen years staring this same screen I'm staring at right now as I'm writing this. These feelings have gotten to the point that I can no longer watch TV series, anime etc. about young couples/young people experiencing love and so on. I get this physical feel of resentment, jealousy, bitterness, and especially self-hatred any time this happens.

Now, I do have some things to look towards in the future, one of which being a big change. However, my daily life right now is suffering. I'm seeing a therapist, but she doesn't really take me seriously since I've always been good at wearing this mask of an easygoing, relaxed, happy young guy in the public. But it's not who I'm NOT in the inside. To the slightest.

Anyway, I'm sure some of my thoughts of how my teens should have been are influenced by media, especially Anime since it's often set in a High School setting or the characters are of High School age and it's seen as your prime years there. I know all of this. Yet, I know that some of those things DO happen in real life, however rare, such as young love and I'm just very resentful, jealous, bitter and angry at myself for not doing anything about it.

I know that many of you have much more important things to care about than how your teenage years were. But for me, the pain I feel is very real. I'm seriously close to ending it all since I can't even escape this suffering anymore.