just another post.It's times like these that I think of a scene from Sideways where Miles laments, "I'm so insignificant that I can't even kill myself."  It's obvious that he meant that he can't kill himself without a notable legacy to leave behind.  Miles doesn't get enough credit for the amount of ego he has.  After all, it's all that stands in the way of him and certain death.

So that is where I am.  I don't have enough reasons to kill myself.  And yet I'm probably going to do it anyways.  Surely that ought to win me some points, or at least add to the mystery of it all.

The truth is, I've fantasized about suicide all my life.  I think the first time that I thought about it was at church.  I was just so tired of being bullied and hearing from my parents that my 6 year old self needed to "man up."  I yearned for the relief that un-living could provide.  

But hey, time heals all wounds, right?  Maybe time's denied me coverage due to a pre-existing condition.  Oh well.  

They say that your earliest memory will greatly influence your life.  My first memory is of being in kindergarten (at a Christian school, no less, but I digress...) and being excited for play time.  Me and a bunch of other boys were ready to scramble to the box that held the wooden blocks.  I didn't get there first, and one of the boys took out a block, turned to me, and jabbed me in the stomach with it.  I remember the look in his eyes.

It kind of reminds me of something that happened in high school.  I came home, exhausted, only to find that all of my belongings, from my violin, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, to some other valuables, crushed and splintered on the floor.  I was so confused.  Then I remembered that I forgot to clean my room for the dozenth time, and this was the consequence of my actions.

These episodes taught me something very valuable.  No matter what you feel, whether it be the excitement of playtime, or what you have, like your prized guitar, they can all be taken from you.  In an instant.  Without appeal.  Not that these things have to be done with malicious intent.  They can happen just because.

Maybe that's what all this comes down to.