I lost a friend to suicide today.Yes, another. A year ago Saturday, someone else I knew committed suicide. That person and I weren't on speaking terms at the time, but I was still heart-broken, and I still am. I woke up this morning thinking of her, and I knew the date of her death was coming up...I was going to try and look at the world differently for her, and imagine her at peace instead of imaging the pain she must have felt when she decided to end her life. 

But then, another friend of mine committed suicide. I found out today. About 2 or 3 weeks ago, I talked her down from suicide. I only knew her through the internet, but she was more of a friend than most people in my real life have ever been. I thought she was doing better. I hadn't heard from her in awhile, but that was normal. She'd pop up on LJ every few weeks. I just can't believe she's gone. From the world. She'll never... be... anything again. She'll never breathe or sleep. 

It's terrifying. I'm so afraid of losing people to mental illness. I have two people in my life right now who are struggling with depression and suicide more than they ever have before, and it scares me. I worry about them so much, because I truly don't know what I would do without them in this world. Lately I've been so worried about them, and then this happens. Reminding me, yet again, that life is incredibly fragile and that I can't fix everything. And I don't like it.

I was suicidal earlier this week. I'm suicidal on a regular basis. But not to the extent that I used to be. I used to want to kill myself every. single. night. I never thought I'd make it past 18, but now I'm 20. I never thought I'd have any nights where I could lay in bed, in the dark, and not want to die. But I have them now. Things changed. They did. Not without effort, but they changed. I still struggle with depression (Bipolar II) and suicidal thoughts and other things--I don't believe any of those things will ever go away (and who knows, they could come back full-force someday)--but right now, I am okay. I never thought I would be, but I am.

So please... don't give up. Not just because losing someone to suicide is an absolutely horrible feeling, especially if you KNOW what they felt before they attempted (I've attempted suicide 3 times), but because it can get better. I HATE it when people say that to me when I'm depressed, but... I have to remember to tell myself that feelings past. They don't last forever. Even if they only let up for a few moments each day, live for those moments. Live for the days when those moments won't be as infrequent as they are now. I promise you, that someday, things will be different. I promise you, I do understand. So many people have come back from worse things than I could ever imagine--and they're okay today. It is possible. So please... just remember, in those moments where everything feels absolutely hopeless, that it isn't. It truly is not. Even if you usually can't see that, deep down, you know. You know that things can be different someday.