When should you go to the hospital for suicidal ideation?Sorry for any typos. I'm on mobile and not feeling well and in class.

This is the worst my mental health has been in my life. Nearly every day I want to die. I don't see a hopeful future for myself. If some little problem happens I immediately want to kill myself.

The thing is, I dont have a specific plan. I've thought of ways that I would go about it and what I would do before it but there is nothing set in stone. 

I am also too scared to go through with it. But I often want to. But I know I won't. I don't know if I will one day.

I'm tired of feeling like this. I'm so tired of not being normal.
I have social anxiety and OCD. I dont have any diagnosis for mood disorders. I have symptoms for a lot but I'm not going to self diagnose because I hate that. It's ny fault I feel like this anyway. I don't make efforts to make myself feel better and when I was 14 I started being "depressed on purpose" because I thought that was the cool thing to do like a fucking idiot. So I don't even feel like any of this is valid. How do I know it's real or if I just put myself in this situation and I can feel better any time if I just try? I've tried thinking positive but it's pointless to me. But I don't know if that's me just subconsciously trying to be depressed to be cool still. This isnt cool though. Im a psych student so this is gonna sound stupid but I dont even have a reason to be sad. I know that's not how this works but in my case only this is how I feel.

Would anyone even take me seriously? I'm so scared. I can't do it anytime soon anyway because I have exams (both suicide and voluntary commitment). Also it's almost Christmas. I don't want to ruin it for everyone.

My mom would hate me. Im an adult and dont live anywhere near her but she would hate me. I dont want her to make me live with her again either if I go for "protection". I live with my brother and SIL now and I know they wouldnt force me to but I'm scared.

If I go, when do I even go? How do I do it? Im embarrassed to tell my brother how I feel. I was thinking I'd just go when they were at work one day and message them. But I feel like that's an asshole move. 

None of my friends would care. The ones who would wouldnt be able to visit. I know I would just feel wprse and like my life didnt matter.

Im 19. I live in Toronto. Im not going to therapy even though my school offers it and that's my fault but I can't give enough of a shit about myself to make the appointment.

If I go I dont want my family to talk to me about it. theyll never treat me the same. its embarrassing i dont want them to know how i feel
