I'm always helping people here, now I need your help!24/M/NJ

Extreme depression with thoughts of suicide:



I've always been depressed but now I just can't handle it anymore.

I've hit rock bottom. Just typing it makes me teary-eyed. I've tried to do as much self destructive behavior as I can this week. And It only makes it worse. I think about suicide every day, but usually as a passing thought. This morning I woke up and wished I didn't. Since I know I can't commit suicide I just am trying to be self destructive.

I graduated college in 2010, in the middle of my oxy addiction I still managed to get high grades and graduate.

I looked and looked and looked for an accounting job but the market was so bleak, after 8 months I still had nothing, so I went to a temp agency.

When I got the job, I moved out of college town (I had a lot of friends, fraternity, I tried my hardest to put on a social mask, but I was always hurting inside) and moved closer to their offices and gave up my social life.

Last week, GF left me for no reason. Maybe she was a cheating whore, I dunno; but I treated her great.

On Wednesday, My psychiatrist started me on Xanax and Viibryd , and I already take suboxone (I used to be addicted to oxys). But I tell myself I hate pills. (Funny to say that considering I Was addicted to oxys for 2 years).

On Thursday, I lost faith in humanity. I TAPPED a woman at a traffic light maybe 1 mph MAX. She stops the car I go hey lady look no damage we all good! She goes no look at this (and points to a blemish no longer than an inch, not a scratch or a dent, I wiped half off of it with my finger). She says give me $500 or I'm calling the cops. She told the cops that I Was driving erratically (completely untrue) and demanded a breathalyzer for me ( I was on the way home FROM WORK AND HIT HER GOING ONE MILE AND HOUR!). Cop threatens to give me a DUI for driving on my prescription medication , I said no you can't, he said yes I can but I'm giving you a break. Then he gives me a ticket for careless driving (2 points+insurance+more money I dont have).

Friday, I lost faith in big business (don't we all). My temp agency paid $22/hr and gave me $12/hr-- I only stayed because I was promised a job December 31st in the 50-60k range. And then so what do they do? Fire me as soon as December comes around. At this point I lost faith in corporations and I don't want to work anymore. I want to move back in my parents house. hole up there, and play World of Warcraft until I die.

Yesterday I started stealing stuff from the mall until I got caught and I was begging the cop to take me to jail (But he could tell I was insane and wouldn't do it). 

I cannot accept a mediocre job and go on living like Joe Schmoe, I need something to happen or I need my life to end. I'm too smart, nothing ever challenges me. Not once in my life have I been challenged. Nobody looks at my resume because I have basically no experience, what am I gonna put on my resume "Genius- Can adapt to any job position in the world."

Now I have two court summons (Careless driving &amp; Shoplifting). I'm a good kid though. No criminal record. Maybe 2 points on my license if that. How many more times in the next week will I try to get in trouble because I can't bring myself to kill myself. Now I will have a criminal record (possibly) and more points on my license, admittedly I don't want it but it's just like nothing affects me anymore. 

I got off the phone with the law offices, it's going to cost me $1500 for them to keep my criminal record clean, but I don't have $1500. I didn't even have $1500 when I had a job. I can't trust any pro bono lawyers to keep my record clean, and if I get charged well then I Can never become a CPA (Certified public accountant).

-- I want a new job but I Want it at like Google or Blizzard (aka I just want a job where I'm appreciated for the amazing work I do), not Maidenform (yes I'm calling you out right here you bag of shit corporation)

I just wanna die, but it's too painful.

Nowhere in this post do I Say I want to live, I don't, I wish I was never brought into this world. It would have been better to have never been. I hate the concept of life, all this pain, for no reward. You work 50 years and then you die. What's the point, the system is so broken. If I only have such a short time on earth why do I have to spend it like this.

I can go on and on forever but I'm gonna stop here for now. 

Please talk to me, Ask me anything, I'm an open book and I have nobody. I gave up my social life, my GF is gone, and my parents have been on vacation which I've ruined for them by what's happened and now they told me not to call them until they get home in two weeks. 
