Why do I continue to fuck up?I'm in love with someone named R. I thought I had a chance with him but every time I incessantly bring it up to him I feel stupid for having hope and I feel like I push him away too.

I have nobody, my mom and dad are narcissistic and emotionally detached people and my depression and sucidal feelings could never ever be revealed to them. I couldn't talk to them about anything, feelings? Nope. Life choices? Made for me. Clothing? Readily prepared. They'd denounce my existence and probably disown me. I'm 27 and no bf, no kids and they're giving me pressure and arranging for me to meet/date 29-30 year olds because I can't find someone.. I did but... I'll write about R a little more.

I have also recently learned my mmo friends truly don't give a shit about me. A suggestion to open up to them felt like a big mistake. Do I have other friends? No. Hs friends faded away, college friends weren't even close and the 2 good friends I've kept since hs faded away thanks to a controlling ex who didn't allow me to talk to them about what was happening with my life. They probably felt untrustworthy and closed their doors.

What do I have? I thought I had R and I thought he'd be the one to save me. I love him and I love his mom who has been more of a mother to me than my biological mother. I have 6 months left here in this state, I wanted to finish school, be with him and start building a future. I thought there was a strong possibility for all of this, he even led me to believe we did. I brought up dating to him again, he's sick of hearing it I bet. He tells me I have to learn to rely on myself and he doesn't want anyone to depend on him. He'll never want me, and I never stop asking... it will get to a point where he just removes me from his life completely. I'll have nothing and want to kill myself.

Find someone else? Find friends? I feel like all of the hope, energy and motivation is gone. I don't want anymore disappointment either, I can't handle anymore...  I don't want to be alone. But I am. I need him and I want to rely on him but he doesn't want me. This is so pathetic... its why I can't rely on myself. I'll just die soon, somehow