...Now what?[Link to my last post here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/du6wo/i_was_right/)

I've all but cut off contact with her, Deleted her number from my phone, removed as a friend on facebook. I also knew her FB password, and I knew I couldn't resist logging in to her account every once in a while, so I typed a string of random letters and numbers and changed her password to that... Yeah, now she can't get into her facebook, but fuck her.

That feels fine and all, it's just... I'm left with this feeling of "What the fuck do I do now?". Honestly, all I want to do now is sleep... That's it. I go to work, come home, dick around on the internet, then sleep... as long as I can...

I can't stand getting up out of bed anymore. I will hit snooze repeatedly until I have about 5 minutes to get ready for work... Then I fall asleep at work, while I'm driving, sitting in an office. It doesn't matter how much sleep I get the night before, all I can think about all day is how I can't wait to get home and just sleep.

I feel like I'm living in a fog, nothing feels "Real" anymore... I don't know how to describe it. I can be carrying on a conversation perfectly fine with someone, but it never feels right, like I'm dreaming the entire thing.

I look at an object in the distance, and my first thought is "that's not real, none of this is real." even though I know it is. It is a physical thing i can grab, feel, smell... but it's like it just doesn't click any more.

I don't know how to describe it.

It's like a constant numbness, except I still feel pain, and hurt... I always want to cry, but never can. I just... I want to feel something other than pain again.

I'm so used to having someone there. Someone I can talk to. I miss loving someone, and having that love returned by someone that doesn't *have* to love me.

I just don't know what to do any more. I've thought about suicide my entire life, I was always afraid of the physical pain it would cause me before I died. but the past week, when the shit hit the fan, I don't care anymore, I want to do it, I want to hang myself. I don't care how much it might hurt any more. I just want to be gone

Please help me.