I'm not looking for help, I'm pretty far beyond help. I just want to vent.I'm so fucking tired of life, and I just want to kill myself. But I'm too much of a coward, and it makes me sick, because right now, I don't deserve to be alive.

I get compulsive thoughts sometimes, and recently they've been almost every night for the last three weeks. These compulsive thoughts are like nightmares, only I'm already awake. It's always about me being in some horrible situation that would activate my mental health issues, and when the anxiety, fear, and desperation gets too much, I'm launched out of the thoughts back into real life. Whatever I was feeling in the day-mare, I end up experiencing in real life, and I often end up crying and having a panic attack, and sometimes it gets bad enough that I scratch myself or pull hair out of my head, because it's the only way I can get the energy out of me. I threw away my razor blades a few weeks back, and now that I have no way to regulate my emotions... this is the result.

My partner was understanding at first, and it had been a long time since he'd treated my issues with love and care, for once I didn't feel alone. It's clearly too much now. Tonight was the worst. He snapped at me and told me I should just fucking control my mind. I had enough of how he acts like it's so easy, I had enough of hearing 'just get over it'. I snapped back, and I even shoved him. I feel sick just thinking about it.

I can't take feeling so out of control anymore. I got dressed and I was going to leave. I'm not sure whether I was going to find a place I could end it, or turn myself in at the hospital. In the end, I couldn't figure out how to lock the door, and I wasn't going to leave their home so vulnerable. I thought about using their knives to just bleed out, but I want to die quickly. I feel so trapped. I want to kill myself, but more than anything, I just want someone who actually cares. I'm sick of being told to just get over it, I spent 20 years of my life being abused and believe it or not, that's not an experience you just get over. I was never able to get help or treatment because of a shitty home life, so I don't know any other way of coping, apart from cutting myself.

I don't want to be exhausted anymore. I just really want to end it.