My BF is going to commit suicideLong 
Have posted in INTJ as well - also new user

I’m not perfect, My BF came into my life to help me almost 15 years ago. I was a drugged out mess of a person.

She has been through some terrible events recently. She spent 2 years tending to her 94 yo Great Aunt (GA) paid all her expenses spent every weekend with her whilst her family did nothing (they refused even after she asked directly). Her GA was very abusive and racist. I did what I could (I spent one full day a week with her and the second day with both of them to alleviate some pressure) and was there as a sounding board. 
The day her GA died her family started calling to ask when the will would be read. No condolences, no appreciation, no support. We were trying to organise the rites. She has told me many times that she doesn’t care what people think of her and when she does something it is for the good not the appreciation. So this didn’t bother her. These people were her children. Now they are suing her for the deposit she put down for the nursing home. This was her money - not the GAs’
Current and very stressful court case. The reason she did this without her families help is because she made a promise to her Grandparents to make sure that Grans sister was taken care of.
During this she was put on antidepressants due to her GA and families abuse.

I have spent my life learning about what makes her tick. Currently, I have been spending more time away from the house (with friends and dating) and when I notice she needs her ‘alone time’ I respect that and stay in my room.
I’m not sure what tipped her over the edge and I feel like everything I know about her has changed drastically. 

She has become overly emotional (people have described her as robotic at times - she is not). Although she has always encouraged me to go out meet people and date - only really started end of last year - she has become angry and has told me I am ignoring her need for help. I had no idea she was going through this torment/depression/suicidal thoughts. I have been spending all my time here because I’m scared she will top herself. 
She has been upset about not getting appreciation for her actions (I understand this, but she was never one to want it, she has actively dismissed it in the past and says that that’s not what she wants- but sounds like it) I have seen a few interactions with people and noticed some even get angry at the help(not directly at her, after it is done). I have spoken to her about asking people if they want the help/going about it in a different way but she still wants to fly under the radar. 

She also has said that I don’t appreciate her, that she is worthless and no one would notice if she was gone, ‘she is a burden anyway’. These have all come out in the last two/three days. She refuses to see proof/logic and reason. I had been trying to talk with her but she would either walk away or tell me to.
I have done a bit of research on beyond blue and it links up too well. Apart from that she said she would make sure that her death would not be in the house ‘so I wouldn’t have to deal with it’, she listed off every person she knows and how happy/better off they would be.
She feels like she is neutral and it wouldn’t affect the balance at all.
She feels hopeless and alone. 

I have been trying to talk her down/out of it and I felt like it was working because she was talking about her future goals and planning for a property purchase. Now those have been ‘decided against’ because ‘how could I hope to help people when I am just a negative in people’s lives’. She lives to help others. 

I can’t talk to her family because they are a big cause of the problems and I don’t think I could hold my tongue. My family are messed up units.
I have spoken to lifeline suicide help line, helpful to a point. I have encouraged her to seek medical help which she is, but it’s not helping. She doesn’t think talking about it helps. 
All I have left is you. I don’t want to loose this amazing person. Please help.

Please let me know if there is anything I have missed (information wise) I’m an emotional thinker and can skip important information unintentionally. 
Thank you for your time