I don't know what to doIt's hard to write this because in this moment I feel so dead inside that I am having a hard time finding the words. I feel numb to the world. Like a robot doing my little tasks and following the rules, getting nothing from it. I don't feel joy. I don't feel sad. I feel empty.

Lately I have been thinking about life a lot. And I am struggling to find a reason to continue with it. What's the point? I am just wasting space, wasting other people's time, wasting resources. Life has no meaning for me. What's the point of pursuing something without meaning?

My future is grim at its brightest, which is depressing considering I'm only a young adult. I have had so many privileges and they're all wasted on me. I worked so hard to get into a college, to a point where I lost all my friends without even realizing why. And everyone saw it but me. And then I got to college only to realize nothing matters. Being able to write well or build things or whatever is all useless if you have no social skills. And now that I've left college I'm just realizing more and more that I'm failing.

I have no friends. I don't know how to make them. I think people find me off-putting and that I make them uncomfortable, and I don't know how to not be that way. I don't think I'm capable of even making friends. My family drives me up a wall, and I don't feel comfortable around them either. They love me, I know, but I can't open up to them and constantly feel judged by them. Or distant from them. I'm unhappy and alone. 

I have nothing to live for. What's the point of fighting if I'm always going to be alone and failing?

I'm not frightened by death. I used to have hold-ups about what it might do to my family but I honestly think they'd be okay. I doubt it'd impact them that much and it certainly wouldn't affect anyone else. The only things holding me back are my queasiness about the physical pain of dying or the pain of living if I was unsuccessful. I can't bear my family knowing how much I'm struggling. 

I'm supposed to see a therapist in a few weeks but I don't see how it will help. I doubt they'll believe me. I don't see how they can really change anything about my life.

There is a little voice in my telling me that, rationally, it is unfair to give up without trying to get better. But what if I can't get better? Maybe this is just my fate in life. Maybe I don't get to be happy, to love, to have friends. 

I don't know what to do. I just don't really feel like being here anymore. I don't think I want to continue with life.