I guess this is a cry for helpFor context, I am 22. I was diagnosed with bipolar depression and ADHD shortly before turning 20. I've been suicidal in the past plenty of times, but always knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that it wasn't worth it. My girlfriend and family would be devastated for the rest of their lives. I also genuinely love a lot of things about life. My girlfriend is incredible and I will always love her. I'm learning digital art and enjoying it. Tonight feels different though. I can honestly say I still don't feel as if I'd actually do it, but I also just don't know how I'm going to continue. For the last 9 months, my bipolar depression has reduced me to one of the most pathetic piles of shit anyone has ever seen. And the worst part is my girlfriend is the only one who sees the real me. I have almost cartoonishly bad meltdowns 2-3 times a week. I'm so deeply ashamed each time and the shame compounds every time. It's getting to the point where I not only cannot forgive myself for putting her through this, but that I genuinely don't believe my girlfriend has loved me since they started. They clearly worry her, and often she gets outwardly frustrated seeing me like that because she wants so badly for me to be okay. She says she does love me, that I am attractive, etc. But she hasn't been intimate with me since July. I realize this reads like a fucking relationship advice post but I don't care. She experiences a lot of trauma from the hands of her abusive father and previously her ex boyfriend. Her emotional growth was very stunted and she doesn't know how to help me. I need the intimacy, I already feel like a disgusting burden and the fact that she wants nothing to do with me romantically just confirms it.  I absolutely would not shut up about how badly I wanted it to end tonight and she plans on telling my mother everything tomorrow. On some level I want my mom to know. On another level my girlfriend cannot be left alone in the apartment because of past trauma, and I would be ruined if forced to go into inpatient rehab. Sorry for the lengthy post but I've always talked an insufferable amount.