It's in my faceWhen I started out here several years ago I had a plan, escape the humiliating past and build a new life, work a job, go to school, build a career and along the way create my relationships. I completely failed everything. By the end of it, I was destitute and completely lost. Looking at how life has turned out, I'm quite lucky, I managed to get another job and avoid homelessness and I've even saved a small amount of money. But I hate how things have turned out. I haven't managed to make any relationships work and my jobs keep coming and going for various reasons. I've had to keep moving around to get by. The only bad thing that happened this year was that I was laid off and compared to previous years that was hardly anything. 

So earlier in the year I realized that controlling my life was impossible, and decided to die. The hardest thing has been learning the different methods. I've already tried to kill myself years before but sadly failed, and I know what I have to do now to make it work. I keep getting distracted though because I can't make sense out of things or a way to tie things up and I need this. In a way trying to make a life out here was a virtual suicide mission. You really need to have friends to make friends, money to make money, strength to build strength. I had nothing of that, and you can't build something on nothing. 

I feel like a refugee, nothing to rely on, just wandering around without a cause or a home. I would go back to my family, except there is no real family to go back to. Everyone is into drugs and needs just as much help as I do. But there is no help here, nothing to do except toughen up, but toughening up doesn't work either. And the self help books teach you to live in a delusion, where society plays no important part in life at all, and your decisions should never be influenced by society and I almost wish that I could live in that make believe world, where there is no need to fit in to society, tolerate others, or have relationships with other human beings. I keep looking at my life and trying to understand if I really had a real chance. It's not like I lost something, it's that I never really had a start. 

So my new idea is move away and start all over again. It isn't even remotely worth it. If I could find a way to reach a meaningful job, relationships and resources, maybe wave a magic wand and cast a magic spell and suddenly have friends and family. I'm choosing it, but it isn't really a choice. It's something I've been pushed into again and I don't want to do it, but what else can I do? And I can't do anything really. It's just hanging around, as if I was entitled to be here, waiting to be kicked out. That's what I do.