I'm planning on taking my life soon.When I was born, I used to be an extremely happy and hiperactive person from the words of those elderly that knew me when I didn't have consciousness. 

When I first started to go to school, I was ok in the first 2 months. But suddenly it seemed that due to my marks being the highest in the class, the alpha boy started to bully me with this others friends. 

This ended up with me becoming depressed, at fucking 6 years old. I got fat and was fat until 14 when I almost died due to a virus I got when I lost in 1 week 23 kgs.

So also, my parents never were really "parents" . I doubt I was a mistake or an accident, I think they had me just for the sake of having fun while torturing me. They are the type of people who will PLAN EVIL. They will PLAN EVIL for me. 

Anyways I was super bullied 'till age 14 when I had "friends" that were not friends but I thought they were because I never had any type of real friends. 

I used to watch a lot of cartoons and play videogames and draw but as everything that made my life less miserable my parents were insistant on not letting this take part. They would take my drawings when I almost finished them and rip them apart. My mother smokes a lot since she was 36 and during the pregnancy She didn't make an exception so I guess that contributed to myself being 176cm when my father is 185cm and having an asymmetrical face, and a small jaw being a male. Still I'm not like UGLY UGLY, the way my personality changes reflects on my face so I would say between a 7-5 being totally honest. 

But Still being this way, interested in Science and not being the best at sports makes it difficult to have a girlfriend.

My "friends" abandoned me and now I'm all alone at 18, in one month I will be 19 but I doubt I will actually be alive by them.

I have plently of purpose and things to do but I just happened to have the worst family, the worst "friends" and I haven't met or talk with anyone in the last 1 year and 8 months. So I'm planning on jumping off a 33 meters building. I know that there is a good chance I was brooke my back and legs but this is not a dignified life. I mean I have a lot of stories to tell, I know it may sound like it's nothing. But oh boy, when you cry so much, cut yourself more than 500 times, you just end up accepting the destiny.

If I could change one thing in the world, it will be instead of having a figure of like music or something, just someone who would put order in the world. It's impossible to end all BAD but a huge part can be eliminated and belittle.