Not doing good at all. Im in trouble.Before I could always count on videogames to take me somewhere far away from my thoughts. It didnt always work but it number me somewhat. I just tried to play games and I couldnt do it anymore. I have no interest in anything to do. This leaves me alone with all my thoughts and that is NOT good at all. Now my head is swimming in a lake of depression and horrible thoughts. I basically feel like im dragging on a life that was over long ago. Im 19 and seriously feel like im well over 100. I have a bad back, double joints in most of the major joints in my legs so I can hardly walk letalone run, Im just tired of everything. When I was 11 or 12 I had a fantastic life: plenty of friends, loving family, no need for work, school was not only easy but fun, lived by a lot of my friends, good saturday morning cartoons ect. I  feel like I was robbed. It is like having a comfortable life and feeling so secure that you dont even need to think too hard about too much negative stuff, then all at once the carpet is pulled from under your feet. School is easyish but not fun, jut being bullied for no reason, not that many freinds anymore because no one wants to be with the outcast, getting a job to soak up some time, tv gets worse ect.... My family is the ony thing that has remained stable and i am lucky in that regard. I was going to grab a belt and just end everything about 3 minutes ago but I went to the suicide prevention website. Then my social anxiety calmly reminded me that talking to anyone is out of the question. So now I am here, broken, sweating and completely lost. I could end it in a few minutes, a few months or a few decades. I really dont know why I even bother doing anything anymore. Hopefully you all never get to the point where you always want to be dead and have not even experienced the simplest joys. My teenage years were stolen from me. Every last one, gone, wheres the justice in that? There is none and the quicker I accept that the sooner something happens. I know my spelling is aweful, I am not too concerned at the moment. Hopefully it is somewhat readable though. Thankts to all who read this, I am screwed. 