Today was my birthday.So I'm the kind of guy who is always there for people. I'm not the "beta" friend zoned guy who is a doormat for people to walk on. I just legitimately enjoy helping people through their problems and ask nothing in return. 

Anyway, like I said, today was my birthday. Since I don't really like making a big deal about me, I didn't trumpet it to everyone and shout it from the rooftops like some people love to do. I knew my friends knew it was today and figured we'd all meet up and have some sort of get together, no big deal. 

So, long story short, literally none of them remembered or even said anything until I dropped hints that it was today. Luckily my family remembered, but honestly I think that's partly because I came home today for spring break. Anyway, after they all figured out today was my birthday, I tried to organize some sort of get together. Maybe just go to a local bar and have a few beers, nothing big because like I said, I'm not big on making a huge deal about myself. 

No one came. I couldn't talk my friends out of getting off their asses and coming out to a bar with me on my birthday. These are guys I've known for 8-9 years and been through think and thin with, so it's not like I'm on the edge with these people and don't really know if we're good friends or not. 

I realize that people can forget things. Trust me I'm a pro at forgetting deadlines and meetings and especially dates. But it just hurts me that all of these people, people I considered my best friends, not only forgot my birthday but wouldn't even come out to have a couple drinks. I'd do anything for these guys, but I can't give so much without getting some sort of recognition. It kills me. I feel like I've done so much for these people and I just wanted one stupid day where they could tell me happy birthday and just give me some sort of appreciation. 

I've had really bad depression for the past 5-6 years now and I have had problems cutting myself in the past. These are things that I've confided in my friends who have also shared with me some of the same feelings. And honestly the lack of recognition from some of the people I cared about most in my life makes me more depressed than I've ever felt. So here I am, sitting alone in my room drinking beer by myself ($6 for a 12 pack woohoo!). I probably won't kill myself tonight, but i'll be dammed if that pair of scissors isn't looking tempting. 

I guess I just want someone to tell me that me trying to help people matters and to give me some recognition that I honestly and sincerely try to do whatever I can for the people I care about. Because being alone on something like this, a day that's supposed to be about recognizing you, is the most heartbreaking thing ever. I just wanna know that people actually care about me and that I'm not just doing all this for nothing. 

Sorry if this is in pieces and rambling, I may have had a few too many beers. I just needed somewhere to vent this and someone to talk to before I imploded. 