How can I find will to live? Hi, sorry for bothering you. I just need to tell somebody about my problems... Sorry for my bad english...

I am 18 yo and going to last year of high school. My problem is that I have never any friends, or anybody to speak with. I think this is my fault - I have social anxiety and I am an awful person to speak with. Other students were bullying me when I was younger ( mostly verbally, but also stealing my things...). They don't do it anymore - they just ignore me at this point, but I have never overcome it...

Somebody might tell me that I should ignore them. But I can't. I care about what other people think about me - I am trying to be nice and helpful, but this don't work - I just with this feeling were mutual.

I barely speaks to my parents, even if I live with them. Only time we are communicating are when they are yelling at me - that I am completely useless, lazy, fat swine... I know they are right, but this don't help me at all.

This problem grew to suicidal feelings and I have decided to find help. Psychiatrist diagnosed me depression and give me some antidepressants. But we tried 5x types of them and he said that I am imunne to them and suggested me to find psychological therapy. But this costed a lot and my parents declined to give me money, I was going there for last two months for money that I saved from summer job. This helped me, because I had finally somebody to talk with... But I ran out of money and I can't go there anymore. Since that, my condition got worse - I barely can do anything anymore, I am just in my bedroom all day. I don't have energy to do anything...

I have tried to start doing hobby I used to do before - like swimming, reading... But nothing helps, nothing entertain me anymore. I must to think about my miserable live all time...

I don't have any motivation to live, to do something - nothing has value to me anymore. I want to kill myself, but I don't have courage to do it. I just don't know to do next....