*Long Post* I Tried to Get Help for My Husband's Attempt and My Family Hates Me For It.Today is probably one of the worst days of my life.

&amp;#x200B;

I walked into a scene of my husband trying to slit his own throat with a knife, I managed to get it off of him and make him calm down enough to not do it.

I wasn't the reason he wanted to do so at all, he even mentioned I was the thig that originally stopped him from going through with it often, to but a conversation with his dad that set him over the edge to the point he attempted.

Problem is though I was in a state of panic when I saw that and called the suicide hotline to ask for basic help of where to do and what to do to get my husband treatment.

All I wanted to ask was a cheap place of where to go to get him cheap medical help because we are poor and our insurance covers basically nothing.

I begged this women on the phone to please not to call the police and I would take my husband voluntarily to the hospital.

I said this because I knew my husband is a very panicky person and the cops coming would make him probably more likely to attempt again out of sure fear of punishment from his father.

We may be in our 20's, but our parents basically have full control over our lives due to college basically sucked up all financial stability we have.

Also he does terribly in public situations, he has very bad panic attacks and does not do well in crowds due to his Aspergers syndrome.

This bitch lied right to my face and said "sure," and calls the cops anyway after promising me she would let me take my own husband to the very hospital I was ask her the directions from.

I wrote down the phone number and directions, why did she call them anyway I still don;t fucking know even after I told her all this information still infuriates me.

Suicide hotline I know is very helpful to a lot of people I know, but this women has now just caused such a shitstorm that now I am soured from it entirely.

My husband is now literally in tears in front of the cops as they put him in fucking handcuffs like he is a fucking criminal and take him away against his will.

Yes that is very helpful for someone who is suicidal, carry them away like they are criminals and make the situation 10X worse by escalating it with police when asked not to do so.

Seriously like 20 came to the house we were plus the fire department, I know they needs a lot to help just in case of situations like this and they do not know how bad it is but 20 is fucking overkill.

 Sweet jesus they don't even have that much force for an armed robbery around here.

But his dad I can tell was furious at me for calling instead of asking him, the person who basically sent him over the edge for help.

Even though I did tell my husband to talk to him when I calmed him down, he begged me not too and how he begged is what sparked me asking for help sense he did not want me to turn to his father.

But he dropped the cousin off at his home before me and him drive to the hospital where my husband is in.

The father on the way told me "he has never acted like this but I know you been suicidal before," basically inferring I was the one who made him suicidal in the first place even though my husband literally told me he has bee this way since his parent's divorce.

We go in to see him and the staff will not let me see my own husband due to "I am not family," yes being married in our area's hospitals means your not family, great logic to use for families who might have family who may die in there.

But I wait outside my my family, I am realy crying because I feel like I ruined my husband life by just being with them when my parents told me it was also my fault.

"You need to grow up both of you and stop acting immature," said both of them to me as I was sobbing and worrying if my husband is ok.

They continue to say this to me the whole time I am sitting there making me want to kill myself out of guilt that now there is a possibility my thousand may never come out of that hospital and not be able to go to college and get fired from work because of me trying to help.

They make me leave and go home with them sense they said "his dad is not coming back out and probably is angry and probably not thinking of us right now, we should go."

The whole car ride home they kept doing the same statements that made me feel more and more guilty for calling for help that by the time I got home I couldn't speak due to how much I wanted to kill myself at that point.

I cried for 4 hours straight worried about my husband and if I was ever going to see him again.

My mom comes in and rubs salt in the wound and says "yah his dad probably is never going to let you see him again so you better just leave them alone," she leaves and I just bawl into my pillow.

That was 2 hours ago and I feel nothing but guilt that I just ruined my husband life and now know everyone hates me for trying to get help so I am thinking of killing myself also.

They literally said my husband would be better off without me and he is the only person I can trust and now I can never see him again my own husband.

I am the scum of the earth and deserve to die, I destroyed my husband's life and ruined my families also for trying to help.

I do not have the money to pay off this bill when he gets out, I just ruined everyone's lives by trying to call for help.

I can't live with the guilt of what I done and I will never see my husband again.

&amp;#x200B;

Please help I don't know what to do and I feel like I might follow my husband into the Er, but unlike him I won't be coming back out