Ex-boyfriend killed his mumI dated this man for 5 years. I met him when I was 18 and he was 6 years older. I didn't know my self worth back then and was not good at spotting narcissistic traits in people. 3 months ago, during psychosis which came upon him after using ayhausca, he stabbed his mum 77 times in a row, I've heard from police that he stabbed her and walked away and then repeatedly came back to hurt her more. Apparently he kept doing so infront of the pandemics. I really miss his mum, she did everything to help support his life, too much. She was like a second mother to me and I loved her dearly. On the day in which he killed her, my dad had a strange foreboding feeling, and asked if we could hang out, he picked me up at 4pm. If I had slept at the house that night, I would have been directly in front of my ex's line of path before his mum. Many of my friends have told me that they think it would have definitely had been me if my dad did not pick me up. On top of all this trauma, someone I do not know messaged my mum, with screenshots of things my ex wrote to her 2.5 years ago. The messages were like that from a psychological horror, my ex had explicitly described every way he had been trying to control and manipulate me. I found out that when I was suicidally depressed, he had been whispering in my ears that I should kill myself every night, to my unawares. I was not aware that he had been researching how to abuse me and get away with it, often in covert ways. I am really freaked out that he said he would conduct satanic rituals and curse me at night time. I do not believe there are demonic forces who have power over me, yet now, I keep getting nightmares about things related to the thought that he did this. And I keep imagining the things he may have told me when we were sleeping. Now I am battling to survive each day, my head tells me to kill myself on a consistent basis, at least every 10 minutes a day. But today it has been even more incessant. I know that I have quite a few good friends and they and my family deeply care for me and love me. I feel guilty that I think my pain is worse than what theirs would be if they lost me. But I don't think they understand that I feel like I am walking through fire. I can't remember the last time I was happy. Psychological and professional assistance and appointments, and a range of medications I have tried don't seem to be working. I am desperate to find some sort of reason that my life is worth continuing. I am concerned that my impulse levels are high. On the way home today I was at the train station and had the urge to jump, and I was fighting these urges with all my love for the close people in my life. I saw two transit guards walk near me as I was going to jump, and felt guilt consume me. I couldn't let them witness my suicide which could potentially trigger them to have PTSD or depression. I think I have got to fight this, for my loved ones, even if it may always be painful to live with my trauma. I have nearly finished a bachelors degree and I have volunteered a lot this year at a horse riding association for bettering the lives of children with disabilities. I would never want those lovely and innocent kids to be questioning why I wasn't there anymore. I was prepared to hang myself earlier this year, but before I was going to finally put the noose around my neck, I had a vision of hundreds of people crying. Maybe it would be expected to say have only close friends and family to be severely impacted by that, but my vision showed to me all the lives of people i have touched with kindness and generosity, and they were all crying and looking towards my eyes with utter despair. That was when I realised I couldn't go ahead. And it helps that I write that to remember my vision. I do not feel like I can go to hospital because when I last was admitted, I was released from the hospital quite soon as the mental health professionals could not see any risk for me, or maybe are desensitied to people that are suicidal. Or maybe thought people with meth psychosis needed more desperate admission. They probably were more at risk to other people. Anyway... that is a lot of rambling. From this I can gather that I cannot die but must live on, I do think that my friends and family care far too much about me for me to leave some of the most close ones with life long depression. I also realised this when I opened my Facebook timeline to first seeing a post of an aquaintance of mine, who shared a photo of a smiling man, her uncle who she had lost 14 years ago, and who she sheds tears for every night. The love from my loved ones is too strong a force.