I risked it all for my dream, and I lost it.All my life, I’ve had the hardest time finding where I belong. My family always acted like everything I did or wanted to do was wrong. They never supported me, and the friends I ended up with were always just as cynical and unsupportive. Growing up the way I did, I felt trapped, insecure, and full of anxiety all the time. Like everyone was watching me fuck up everything. I couldn’t ever hold a job for more than a couple of weeks because I’d get extreme anxiety and start having panic attacks and crying before my shifts. I went to a lot of different therapists, and the last one even told me there wasn’t any hope for me. So I gave up on trying to find a real job I guess. However I’ve always been very artistic, and I’ve been involved with music for all my life. It was the one thing that gave me peace and freedom. I’ve been in many bands that didn’t really go anywhere. These past 6 years, I’ve been dating this one girl who I fell in love with, but over time, we started to gain a bit of tension because she didn’t know how to help me or deal with me at all. While we were together, I moved across a few states to live with her. While I was there, I got with a band that actually held together. We all worked so well together and had a great professional mindset. I felt like I finally found my place. I was under the misunderstanding that my rich/successful accountant girlfriend was okay with me taking care of the house while she brought home the bacon, and we would hope I could make a good enough living on my band someday. Just as we played our biggest headlining show with amazingly huge bands, and got in with one of the biggest booking agencies in NY, she comes in my room and breaks up with me. Nothing I could say would make her want to stay. I built my life around her supporting me, and now I have nowhere to go, and I have to leave my band. I’ve always felt suicidal, and my best friend committed suicide a year ago. I lost absolutely everything tonight and I don’t know what to do. I want to die, but I also want to have hope but there’s no logical reason at all to be alive anymore. 