High school dropout suffering from depression and anxiety, lonely as fuckI'm 15 and life couldn't look any worse for me. I dropped out of high school last year due to mental health issues that my school was ultimately unable to address, it was a school for behaviorally-challenged children and as such it had a lot of really fucking scary people in it, all of them towered over me and I was threatened (albeit subtly) almost every single day. I could not go to a normal high school, they would reject me, believe me I tried. The teachers were overworked and underpaid and a lot of bullying issues went unresolved, so one day, I just had enough, I broke down crying and told them I really, REALLY wanted to drop out, they told me I couldn't because I was only 14 (you have to be at least 16 where I live), oddly enough when I went home and told my mom about all of this shit she suggested homeschooling, I did some more research and found that the requirements were really lax and easily abused.

So, from there, I was "homeschooled", in reality though I did nothing but play video games and watch anime all day. In my mind it's understandable the reason I dropped out, but it's inexcusable to sit there and just do nothing with all my free time. So here I am now, 1 year later, filled with even less self-esteem than I had before I left school, constantly having suicidal thoughts and chronically unable to improve myself. You could make the argument that I could just get my GED and be good from there, and while you'd probably be correct that's not what I'm most worried about. You see, I have no real life friends and I want to make some, and I was hospitalized recently due to telling my therapist I wanted to kill myself. While I was at the hospital there was another kid who had dropped out and everyone just shat on him for it, constantly saying that he's gonna end up in prison, never gonna have a wife, job, etc... I saw him cry, and in that moment I got hit with so much built-up anxiety. My suicidal ideation has returned now, stronger than ever. Who's gonna want to date a high school dropout? How am I gonna get a well paying, non-minimum wage job? How am I going to make good friends? Just fuck it all, kill me now.