To anybody considering it: please don’t, it gets better. Story inside #longI had a very normal childhood for as much as a little boy could whose father walked out on him at age 7. My mother worked double time and odd jobs just to make ends meet and keep a roof over our heads and food on the table for my little brothers and myself. Graduated HS and went onto college to meet what I thought was the love of my life. I wasn’t a virgin but also hadn’t been w “a lot” of women either, under 4. Anyway, met her and began a 5 year romance and relationship w her. Included graduating college, getting our first apartment together, getting married and having a little girl together. One night in the middle of being dad, I can’t say why this happened only theories. Sleep deprivation, moodiness, problems within the marriage itself, we got physical w each other. Nothing horrible like you always hear about but enough to where she pressed charges and tried to take my daughter from me. She had a bruise on her bicep where I grabbed her, she left nail marks on my neck etc. no blood, no busted bones, no damaged furniture. I was scared, I had lost my wife, my newborn daughter who was only 3 months at the time, my job (because of the local news) printing the allegations, and our apartment lease was up. She moved and took everything we had either bought together or were gifted during the wedding or baby shower. I moved back in w my mother at age 33, after 52 days of trying to be strong and endure the never ending, relentless pain, I made the horrifying decision one night to write my suicide notes and leave my pin # for the debit card, my wedding band and my wallet on the passenger side of my vehicle. I walked to the nearest overpass (about 35 ft) up and sent a goodbye text to my wife and called my brother and let him know that I loved him. I closed my eyes and fell. I hit the cement below w such impact that I knew I was injured pretty bad. I tried to get up and into a standing position and my hip buckled. I then laid under the bridge w oncoming traffic passing me by for the next 6+ hours in 20 degree weather passing in and out of consciousness. My mother knew something was wrong and issued a missing person’s report. The EMTS found me and loaded me up on the gurney. I never screamed so loud in my life, I knew my back was severely messed up when they slid the board underneath me. I was so cold that I didn’t even register a pulse on their machines. I passed out in the ambulance on the way to ICU. My first time waking up, I remember being under what seemed to me at the time; like a giant heated pool cover. They kept me under that for 3 days until I finally stabilized, as well as a back brace to keep my shattered pelvis and hip together. I was administered every two hours w dilaudid into a pic line.  It says half life for that medicine was 4 hours but believe me when I tell you it seemed like it wore off so much quicker than that. After 4 days I finally went into emergency surgery where I had a “routine surgery” that should have lasted 2-3 hours go into 5 because of complications. My pelvis was shattered on the right side w an incomplete break of the tailbone, I had a few broken ribs, and two lower lumbar vertebrae shattered in my back. After the surgery my right lung collapsed and I was put onto a rebreather overnight. After a week of recovery mind you still being dosed every 4 hours w this dilaudid (which is equivalence to street heroin) and Barry eating I lost 40 lbs. it took 3 weeks and every level of that hospital to get me back to health. I went from ICU, emergency surgery, recovery and rehab and also behaviors Heath unit (voluntarily signed myself in for a 72 hour hold.) I am now happy to say that incident was over 15 months ago. I got back into the gym and gained my frame and muscle back, and am living a better life now as well. My first ever won is due in June (just before Father’s Day) I guess I just came here to say that I thought it was over and couldn’t get worse, I was wrong. With the right help and support, things will get much better and please value your life. You only get to live it once. 