Everything that could go wrong, is. And I just can’t anymore.Everything is falling apart and I can’t maintain. My wife would say I’ve never been able to maintain. That I’ve never been able to support or empathize with her. I suppose she’s right. We fight all the time. I go from self loathing to mood swings and yelling matches. Last week I swore up and down I’d be there for her and today I had one little fuck up and she lays into me, how nothing fucking matters, how I’ll never be able to support her. That I’ll never be able to handle her and her family. It’s true to some extent, I had it pretty good as a kid, she didn’t. She’s right, I don’t or can’t grasp what she’s been through because I never had it. We both have anxiety and depression. She thinks when i am honest about my suicidal thoughts that I use it as a tactic to manipulate her into caring for me. 

I can’t tell her about the times I’ve thought about the taste of gunmetal, what that would feel like to know that’s the last taste I’ll ever taste. Or the walks up to the train tracks late at night, considering whether or not I should just step in front of a train. I can’t tell her I’ve been scouting out high beams around the house that would support my fat ass when I decide to throw an extension cord noose around one of them. The garage won’t work, that shits to poorly made to support me. I can’t tell her how many times I’ve considered ending it all. 

I can’t tell her that I constantly am sick of my inability to be empathetic and emotionally supportive for her. That I’m so ashamed of the fact that I have expected nothing of her and all she thinks is that I expect her to fix everything. 6 months ago I found out I was the reason we couldn’t start a family, our dream of have a big family dashed in a matter of minutes, followed by a huge fucking medical bill I can’t afford to pay off because I’m the only one working. In her defense,she’s been trying to find work, just nothing pans out.  She’s going to leave me, and I can’t fucking blame her. Who would want to be with a pathetic piece of shit husband like me. I don’t even want to be here any more.  My depression and mood swings got the better of me and now I fear I may have jeopardized the one income this household has.  My job is on the rocks, along with my marriage, the bills are crashing down around me, 

I just think, fuck, I can’t maintain so if I were gone, she’d only have to worry about herself. She wouldn’t have me fucking up her life anymore than I already have.  Tonight, she was drinking again, so naturally we we’re fighting.  She knows exactly where to put the knife and twist when we fight.  

I’m trying to hold it together. for her, but then I can’t maintain for myself. 

Fuck it.