I'm a broken toyI'm ill, I'm only getting worse, and that's a big problem... for my parents. Because I'm failing college, I've never had a job, and I'm on the verge of another dramatic meltdown like I experienced one year ago to the week or so. 

Panic disorder, social anxiety, agoraphobia... None of these things are just "being shy." And none of them are cured by subjecting yourself to more and more exposure. I've had \*no choice\*  but to expose myself for the +6 years that I've lived with these conditions. You \*cannot\* live in the 21st century without having to talk to people. I went through high school, graduated. I went to college, where I am now. I've pushed myself through every single presentation, group project; every class and, now, video conference expected of me. I've pushed myself to appear at the field trips, assemblies, celebrations, that weren't required, but where I knew I was tacitly expected to be. Every week, in and out. You would expect a change?

"Oh just do it, and it'll get easier." "You can't heal without putting yourself out there :)"

Last year, October, I had, at my college campus, panic that involved refusing to come home, an active manhunt by campus police to locate me as I ran through woodlands and eventually barricaded myself up on the fourth floor of a main building, where I proceeded to punch through doors, flip tables, scream like a banshee, and almost end up involuntarily committed to a psych ward. How did I avoid the last thing? Well, don't worry... it was only a few months before I actually ended up being held in hospital against my will :D

I know what's wrong with me. I try relentlessly to tell my parents, my extended family, my "friends", and even teachers and pure strangers what is going on in my mind. That their \*ideas\* about what will cure me ARE NOT what will cure me. That panics are unstoppable once they're underway, unless I have medicine, which I don't always have.

And they tell me... I'm lazy. That I'm looking for excuses not to be in school. That the money put into my education was wasted. That I'm not committed to my own health. That I'm untrustworthy. That I'm overreacting, that it's "all in my head."

What wasn't in my head was growing up abused by my father, walking on eggshells making sure not to trigger him in his irritable Bipolar moods. Growing up beaten for not adhering strictly to rules I had to divine from his head, because I should've known that's what he wanted. What isn't in my head is living with him for my entire life, wary of even looking at him the wrong way, lest I start an argument where things are thrown and I'm kicked out for the +5th time in the past two years. And growing up with a mother who does nothing but invalidate every feeling I have, that isn't blind compliance. Being followed behind and told to basically shut up any time I dare to panic - dare to have a biological event happen that I can't control without medicine, like I said. Being reminded of all the times and all the ways I've failed...

Not having good grades (because I couldn't ask teachers for help because anxiety and panics)

Not attending family get togethers anymore (because I have lost my ability to speak to them because anxiety and panics)

Never acknowledging "the bright side" of things, and ignoring "my blessings" (because I have reverted to having a toddler's social aptitude because of this fucking disorder).

No, no. I don't want to wait around "for someone who loves me and cares about me." I've come across enough people already, if none of them give a shit, what the hell's the point in waiting any longer. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to live anymore. I'm going to do everyone a favor and shut down, I'm the broken toy that disappoints everyone that plays with it.