I turned 30 today, living alone in a foreign country and losing interest in life with each passing day I turned 30 today. I don't feel happy. If at all, today I feel worse than how I felt this day last year. I spent all of last night crying myself to sleep.

I'm a grad student in the US. I'm 5+ years in into my Master's program, which normally takes 3-3.5 years. So I don't have any friends here, all my friends have graduated and moved on. I'm not in contact with any of them because I'm ashamed to admit to them that I'm still in school, even though it's not completely my fault. I don't speak much with the current students here because I don't feel like letting them know that I'm still at school for so long.

My relationship has hit rocky waters since the last two months. She was the only one I used to speak with, every day,  for the last two years, since we started dating. Now, she never calls, and I keep yearning for her to call. If I call, she doesn't answer, and if she does, doesn't seem that interested to talk. All of this due happened due to a fight we had two months back where we didn't speak for a week. At the end of that week, she just texts me and says "I'm done". I've been begging her to explain my side of things every day since then, but she doesn't listen.

I know I'm supposed to focus on my thesis so I can graduate this fall, but because of this relationship stuff, I can barely do anything all day except sit and think, or sit and cry. I live alone, so every night when I go home, I end up crying, even if I don't want to.

For my birthday, only my mom has wished me today. My dad doesn't speak to me and my mom. Ever since I was born, he has never lived with us. He used to come visit me on my birthdays when I was young, but that stopped many many years back. He's never wished me on my birthday ever since. Forget that, he never even calls me up.

All of this, I can handle. But what hurts the most is the relationship stuff. I tried so hard to make her smile every day, and now she doesn't even bother to wish me on my birthday? I called her myself at midnight, when she didn't wish me. She said she had fallen asleep. I called her an hour back now, and she said "I'm outside. Will call you at night".

I'm so done. I'm crying right now as I write this, sitting in the library on campus. I'm tired of this life. Not sure if I have the strength to make it to a 31st birthday. Or through the end of this year, for that matter.