Don't see the pointHello reddit,
Pardon my English, I'm from Ukraine. I've been suffering from depression since 15. I'm a social outcast, who's only refugee is the internet. I'm 18 and live with my mother, who's been single since my birth. She is a teacher, and for years she obviously expected me to be brilliant in all subjects at school, I tried to meet that expectation. However, somewhere in 2007, she tried to transfer me to another school, which had catastrophic consequences, being used to not learning and getting good grades, I immediately panicked as soon as I saw how hard it is to actually learn. I fell into depression, which resulted in over 2 years of homeschooling. Everything was going downhill from there. Recently I noticed I lost the ability to learn or concentrate (internet addiction), combined with my laziness and no presence of will or self worth, I seem to be heading to inevitable failure. I'm currently in the senior year of highschool, and I have major problems with math, since I missed a lot of material. Exams are not far away, and I know that I'm not even remotely prepared to pass them. I get into conflict with my mother EVERY day, constantly furthering my depression, and did so for the past few years unless she was abroad. I know how she must be feeling, a once brilliant student, deemed fail over his lack of will. The great irony. This is the part where I don't see any purpose. I've been having suicidal thoughts for years now, sometimes rational, sometimes not. But now it's slowly boiling down to the part where I'll have no choice anyway. I have no friends, never did, I have trouble communicating with people my age, even my dog, who probably kept me from complete depression, died recently. I don't really see the point of living; are they earthly pleasures? (quot futurama) Some hogwash about the human spirit? Love? People? These things seem too little in exchange for the suffering I have and will have to endure during my pathetic lifetime. I know I should be grateful for a lot of things, there are people much less fortunate than me, but I am too weak to take all this, perhaps it's even a mental illness. Society won't miss someone like me...