Too Cowardly To Kill Myself But Too Depressed To Keep LivingThis is not going to be an easy post for anyone to read or for me to write. To establish things immediately, no I am not considering s\*\*cide or am I in immediate danger. I would never do that to my mom, the one person in this world who truly knows me and cares about me.

With that said, I think I'm just done with life. It's been building for awhile and it just keeps building. It doesn't have much to do with the Coronavirus or the Riots but those have been the final straws. The Coronavirus has taken away my ability to even attempt to make new friends, try new activities or even do things I enjoyed like traveling and playing tennis. Luckily workouts have resumed in my state so I can do that. The riots have taken away my love for sports and history. It seems like everything I love slowly but surely is being taken away from me by various forces.

Even the activities I enjoy I don't enjoy as much as I used to. I feel like all they do is temporarily dull the mental and physical pain that I now feel constantly.

The Coronavirus has shown me just how hollow and empty my life has become. God is definitely not in my life and I am angry at him for various things (that I'll get into here in a minute). I am single and I have no kids or even pets to keep my company. While others at least had family to keep them company I've had no one. This Coronavirus pandemic has officially isolated me. Most of my family live in another state and I would be hesitant to travel for fear of getting them sick. Plus my nieces wouldn't see me anyway, they've bought into all the fear.

I have failed so often at dating it's become comical. I decided to get back into dating with stuff opening up. I went on a date on Tuesday that I thought was going well. We played mini golf but then, according to her, her perfume started messing with her allergies. We didn't have any food or drinks after the round as she felt like she needed to go home. I contact her Thursday where she tells me that she's been seeing another guy for awhile and that they have decided to be official and she wants to see where it goes. Needless to say I sent a nice little message to her, nothing rude but telling her I thought it was pretty low to have gone on a date with me knowing I had no chance. Like so many other times in my dating life I just felt used.

Besides being single with no kids or no pets I don't have a lot of friends. The few I do have know I struggle with depression at times and really do try to help. They all think I'm a very good guy who's just had bad luck and they truly believe I'm a good guy who deserves love and happiness. I just don't know if it's in my cards at this point.

Besides that my body failed on me pretty early. I'm 35 but my body started failing on me around 30. Always had high blood pressure that was hereditary. Now I'm slightly overweight, have hemorrhoids occasionally and also suffer from allergies and eosinophilic asthma. I was on a flight to Nashville back in 2017 (2 hour flight) where my throat really dried out. I started to panic which then caused my asthma to flare up. No medical emergency but it was a horrible flight. Now my doctor has me take a Xanax 0.25mg tablet before the flight to relax and a Prednisone 50mg tablet to control the Asthma. It's worked but whereas I used to love flying I now dread it. I feel like it's destroyed my ability to travel, I don't want to fly for longer than a few hours. But there's so many places I've wanted to see. I've asked my doctor about it and I've asked a Pulmonologist about it but they don't seem to take it seriously. I think they think it's all mental for me at this point. Ever since I became afraid to fly it's destroyed me a piece at a time.

So besides my body betraying me my mind has betrayed me as well. I know I've suffered from some Anxiety like I mentioned but even my therapist won't officially diagnose me with Depression. My mind is always half empty and I think my physical conditions have caused my mind to deteriorate.

All in all part of me truly wants to believe in reincarnation. That we get multiple chances at this life and that I'll just get another chance. I know Christian religions don't believe in reincarnation but it's one of the few things that gives me hope. I will say this, I think God made a mistake having me be born during this time. I believe I was born in the wrong time.

I have a job that's a good job but it's ultimately a dead end job. I've never been one who had that light click on in terms of a passion. I've always been adrift in terms of what I want to do. Yes I have a Bachelor's Degree with a double major in Management and Marketing. I also have my SHRM Certification as a Certified HR Professional. But if I'm honest I don't have a passion for any of it.

So my personal life is a mess. My physical health s\*cks, my mental health s\*cks. I don't have many friends and my dating life is an absolute failure. I feel like a lot of my passions are being taken away from me one by one. The Coronavirus is going to make it impossible to make new friends. The Riots have shown me that a lot of country hates me for my very existence. They hate me just for being a white conservative male.

I am a walking contradiction. I don't want to die and don't have to guts to but I've lost most of my will to live. I've wasted my youth, my best days are behind me and not in front of me and I no longer have any zest for life. Deep down pretty much nothing makes my happy anymore. Sure some activities dull the pain temporarily but I've lost the ability to feel happy. I've lost the ability to connect with people. I've lost any ability to have empathy or compassion. I just feel like I don't care anymore.

I don't know what I'm asking for out of this, I just had to finally get it out. I really don't know what to do at this point. If I could I really wish there was a "do over" button that we could press and start again. I wouldn't make all the mistakes I've made in my life. I would try to not be so da\*n introverted when I was younger which made it hard to make friends. I would've traveled the world before my health made my ability to travel by air an iffy proposition. I would've tried more activities to maybe find a passion.

I don't anymore guys. It just all feels so hopeless. If I had to use one emotion to describe myself at this very moment I think that's the one I would use. Hopeless.

Feel free to reply with what you want. I'm alone again on a Saturday night anyway. I've got nowhere else to be and nothing better to do.