Life story? Or something like thatHello, I don’t know how to start this or to much as to where I should begin. This is a recollection of my life what has driven me down this road I might not recover from. I was born in January 25th 2001 I am a halfbreed child (Native American and white) the last time I can remember being happy is in pictures of me as a 2 year old, me and my brother smiling on a toy truck. I can not remember much good times in my life for basics I grew up poor and living between parents and towns since I was 5 years old. The first large event that has sent my life the way it is was the foster care system (Canada). At the age of 6 me and my 2 siblings had been sent to foster care here is where my mentality has shaped how I have become this thing that I am. The first day in foster care I remember sitting outside and their dog attacked me so I punched it in the nose, I ended up getting in trouble for that and having to kneel on frozen peas for hours in a corner where I couldn’t speak to anyone. I know my siblings went through hard stuff I feel for them but they came out looking white I came out brown, everything I did in that home was wrong. I went usually a week without changing clothes in that foster care because my clothes were thrown out when I moved there. The living conditions were horrible and we regularly had to share a bath with boys we did not really know. In foster care is where I learned my worth it is also where I learned I am no greater than a farm animal, i ended up getting locked in a turkey coop for doing bad stuff I felt like an animal i have had a fear of turkeys most of my life which is probably the stupidest thing anyone’s heard. I also was raped in foster care. Fast forward 2 years I get out of foster care, but I returned to more strain on my mind. I have grown up being called worthless everyday of my life and ugly I do not believe much otherwise. I continue to grow my dads become an alcoholic well worse than what he was before, my mom has never drank in her life. I am around 9 or 10 at this time this is when the moving starts, I have never made a friend until I was 17. My parents split almost every year then get back together and move then split it is an endless cycle. I watch my mother get abused almost every day of her life I feel for her she is the only person I care about. By 10 I’m smoking weed started smoking cigarettes by 6 and around the age of 11 I start drinking. The second thing that made my life change was school I got bullied until high school by students and teachers a like. In grade 6 my teacher would call me stupid and many other names and do many things to make my time in school shit. Maybe I am in the wrong I told her I’d just fucking stab her to death if she keeps pissing me off. Ended up getting expelled and almost charged with death threats. My whole family is addicted to something at this point other than my siblings and mom. I smoke crack for my first time at 13 with my uncle and dad I never get into it but it follows me and I end up getting addicted to cocaine sometime later in my life. I’ve lost many people to drugs and alcohol at this point I don’t care much. I’m used to getting hit and called names I’ve been choked out by my dad before. Life is just a repeat at this point just move parents split same old crap. I am 16 years old I have started drinking more regularly about once a month or twice. I have gotten bigger I am probably 6’3 at the time and my dad calls me ugly so I just walk up and punch him over. My fear is gone I am now filled with emptiness at this point I will fight whoever my dad stops calling me names a bit after this but we regularly get into fist fights now. I turn 17 I find out I have pancreatic cancer I try to be more healthy my health gets better I had to drop out of school but I did finish it this year (thanks covid). I have been dating the same girl for 2 years now but was my first relationship so I let her cheat on me n do how much other toxic shit cuz I thought she loved me (I never got loved before so honestly don’t judge me I’m a simp) we break up. I get addicted to cocaine I make my first friend and life is atleast somewhat enjoyable, I make a best friend. Now is nearing the present my best friends in jail I’m fighting home invasion and robbery charges and life no longer seems enjoyable again especially with the events of the last couple days a really good friend committed suicide. I’m shit at telling stories but I do not enjoy life to much anymore and i have to much anxiety to tell anyone in rl Ik a single emotion that I feel. If I die atleast someone will know a bit of why it came to that thanks for reading this worthless heap of words and even if I have told you the main parts there is so much more than this unfortunately