I'm so sick of being told life is always worth it and suicide isn't the answer.So maybe someday I'll feel better. If what I feel now isn't worth going through to get to that happiness, then rationally I'm better off offing myself. If I base my life's worth on my hapiness or failed to achieve what I decided to be my own purpose, then my life isn't worth it and life isn't always worth it.

So what if people will be hurt if I commit suicide? I'd argue this: [http://i.imgur.com/PXzuMWm.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/PXzuMWm.jpg). Also, honestly, I don't really care about hurting other people. I've dropped all my friends and distanced myself from my family.

Therapy hasn't helped, the 6 different meds I've tried have't helped, cutting, purging, and bingeing (binging?) haven't helped, exercise and volunterring haven't helped, forcing myself to socialize or forcing myself to go through the routine hasn't helped. It's just more effort that isn't worth it. I don't enjoy anything.

And the go to answer is stuff like "Try stronger treatments," "Try illegal  drugs!" "You haven't been depressed long enough for me to legitimize your suffering and desire for suicide," or "You're too young." Most of them are not even about understanding your pain but just ignoring it and belittle you in the process.

I know advocating suicide to a vulnerable person sounds like a shitty thing to do, but why can't it be for the best sometimes? i hate myself and I care about nothing. I want to stop existing. Seems like every time I see or post something like this, the answer is just "keep trying."  I've been trying for a year like this, jerkface. Don't you think I've thought about this? Suicide is literally the biggest decision a person can make. Who are you to tell me it's wrong? Society is becoming more okay with physician-assisted suicide for terminal illnesses when the person is just gonna die anyway and be in pain the whole time, why is my position any different, aside from having to feel like this longer?