I'm very worried about my best friend.Hello everyone, I'm a 33 year old swedish man and my best friend told me last night that he's probably gonna kill himself after Infinity War and Game of Thrones is over, this obviously worries me very very much, when he said it i talked and listened to him for about 1 hour and i think our little conversation was great and i think it helped him very much. Me and him have been best friends since we were 4 years old, we've been in the same kindergarden, same elementary school, same high school, same gymnasium (Which is basically swedish version of college) and we've now both been working with eachother as carpenters since we were about 19 i think, so we are very close friends, we play video games and things like that together everyday, although he will never come out with me and my other friends because we drink alcohol since his dad was an alcoholic when he was young and i respect that very much.

I might have gotten a little off topic there but here's alot of what he told me last night.

He started by saying just saying that he might kill himself after GoT is finished since he has nothing else to look forward to, he later explained how he feels so lonely and that hes a virgin still which really brakes my heart because this guy would make an excellent partner for a woman, he's a very nice and caring guy, he's probably the funniest guy i've ever met,He goes to the gym everyday and he's really really strong, got really big muscles and all that, he's 6'4 aswell, he's very protective of the women in his life (Mother and Sisters) and he's very very masculine, although that might be a bad thing nowadays from what i hear but i guess women might get a primal attraction from that anyway i dont know. He's got tattoos all over his body including a very small one next to his eye which is an X, a couple on his head aswell, he got inspiration from [this](https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/853845649148230182/85A8E31667D18DF5E1C31F4E59ACAE785BD71E14/) photo of Ragnar, he has very similar tattoos, he even has a scar like him on the eye there, he resembles Ragnar very much.

He wakes up everyday, showers and brushes his teeth, makes breakfast, gets our 'company car' (not sure what its called in english) drives over to me and we drive over to whoever has hired us for carpenting help.He's lived alone and just worked for 13 years straight. I've taken vacations alot since we earn very much money from this, he's never even taken one. I've asked him about that and he said that if he doesn't work then women won't like him which is obviously not true but he doesn't listen to me and he just works anyway, and i think that hurts him very much because everyone needs to rest! I don't know how he got such a motivation to work because when we were in gymnasium me and him would always arrive late and skip school and stuff like that.

He also has a little hobby of making rap instrumental stuff, like beats or whatever its called and he's even made it to a couple mainstream songs on spotify, i won't say his name obviously in respect of his privacy.

One thing that i think he contributed to his bad mental health/suicidal thoughts is the fact that he went to prison for 4 months because he badly beat down 2 guys that tried to rob his sisters, i was there with him and we were looking for his sisters because we lost them in the big crowd and when we found them they were getting robbed by 2 guys and 1 of them had a knife (which is where he got that scar on his eye i talked about) and he directly knew what was going on and he instantly just ran towards them and he tackled one of them down who he punched in the brutally punched in the face 5-6 times and the other guy had the knife and he got stabbed in the arm and that little cut in the eye he got, then he headbutted the guy and smashed his face in, screaming loud as fuck while he did it ''DONT TOUCH MY FUCKING SISTERS'' but in swedish obviously. We were maybe 24 when that happend, his sisters were a little older than him, i dont know the age all i know is that he's their little brother.

Another thing he told me is how no girl will like him because of how scary he looks, bald with a full beard with the scar and tattoos. He said that whenever he's close to a school or any area that has kids all the kids run away because he's so scary looking, he likes kids alot and it hurts him when that happens. He lives right outside a place where kids play football alot and when the ball bounces out and goes to him on his porch all the kids get scared and it hurts him alot.

He's done alot of cries for help before but i never took them seriously which makes me feel very bad, he got a tattoo on his neck not long ago which says ''Fortis in foras In medio confringetur'' (that might not be the exact translation i just took that out of google translate) it's basically latin for ''Strong on the outside Broken on the inside''

Sorry if i just randomly talked about him sometimes, it probably wasn't helpful to the situation but i've always looked up to my best friend and i like talking about him because he's like an idol for me!

TL;DR: My best friend said that he's gonna kill himself after Game of Thrones and Infinity War is over and i don't know how to help him!