Believe my room mate has resolved to kill himselfI have known my room mate for about 15 years now, we started as neighbors then room mates.  I then left that city and moved "home" he had some health issues (physical) and I encouraged him to move here and stay with me again that has was ~3.5 years ago.

The whole time I have known him he has struggled with depression and PTSD (Vietnam Vet).  At times he has managed to maintain fairly well, with both VA prescribed medications and self medicated on marijuana.  We have a tendency to bicker about politics and stupid shit (him being an older conservative and me being a younger liberal).  However recently it has been escalating into flat out arguments. 

He has visibly been struggling more and more.  Last night while playing cards with neighbors he made some for disturbing comments.  After making a mistake in the game he commented "I'm just a fuck up" and then continued to repeat it for the next few minutes, seemingly to himself.  Also at one point saying "never know, I could just be dead next week"

This morning I called him on it and he said basically "I'm done, I'm done getting old, I'm done dealing with everything, I'm done with life"

I created a reddit account for him the other day and set /r/veterans as the home page on the computer he uses however I don't think he has even looked.  I'n mot sure he is willing to seek resources on his own at this point. 

I am going to start reading through all of the resources on the margin (I know I should have done that before posting) but this is the first thing I've done after securing all* of the firearms in the house.

If anyone has specific resources for an aging veteran please send it my way.  I am going to log out of my personal account and stay logged into this one for the time being.



(*there are two small pistols that went missing late last year, those are the only ones not accounted for however I don't want to tear apart his room looking for them out of respect.  He knows I was upset about them missing and they haven't turned up since so don't think he has them)

UPDATE: First and foremost I want to thank those who responded and the moderators in general for making this place available and helpful!   

I believe he is out of immediate danger.  I took the afternoon off and spent rest of the day with him.  Talking, listening, and crying with him.  I've known he has always struggled although I have not been aware to how dark it has gotten recently.  I know he needs a lot more help than I can give him alone but I think I have a little more time and hope to find him some!