I was living for my son, but after a scary incident I'm not sure that is motivation enough anymore.Husband left after 9 years together about 9ish months ago. "I don't love you. I never loved you. This whole relationship has been a lie."I'm conservative with relationships and cannot fathom ever having another one. 

Manager at an otherwise wonderful workplace keeps targetting me and making my life hell. 7 people have left because of him. He's had multiple investigations, they keep promising me things will change but they're not - he's tricky and goes under the radar a lot. 

I've had a whole bunch of health issues which are of course exacerbated by all of this. 

One of my primary motivations to keep going and keep going has been my beautiful son. Though even at the best of times I saw that as rather weak. He's less than 2. He wouldn't remember me. He'd grow up just fine in the world. And realistically, why does that even matter. We are just blips in time and blips in the universe. I can't help thinking, we barely take not swotting a mozzie or fly or squashing a snail - their world is nothing but a risk to our own comfort and happiness. Why really is my life, or any one else's valuable in this expansive world? 

Then, last Monday I was run off the road in a small way, I guess I must have been in the guy's blind spot. I was lucky because I could run off and double break without hitting anything more major than the gutter and ruining my alignment. But as I looked back at my boy asleep in the back, undisturbed by all of this, I realised, he would be the one most likely to be injured and killed. Well then, what would be keeping me here?

I'm not someone I think who could easily go through with suicide, but I'm just now so damn depressed. I keep crying. I can't concerntrait. I took last week off work to try to recuperate, I just got more stressed. 

I hate my life. I hate how I feel. I can't control it. 

I'm already on medication. I'm already seeing a psychologist. It just won't stop. 