Im at my breaking point and i just need to vent or i feel like ill explode    Im gonna give some context and backstory. Im 17 and first off im from a really fascist &amp; secular country. Our economy is going off the deep and unemployment is pretty much inevitable. I have Aspergers &amp; im very socially awkward, along with having an eating dissorder for 5 years and having been a victim of sexual abuse for just as long. My father is bipolar and has made my life a living hell for around three years now. The reasoning for this is something i wont get into but i was kicked out at age 15 along with my mother and sister and we were all sent death threats over the course of staying with a friend. Ive been called every slur and insult you can think of and constantly am threatened with being disowned for any mistake i make. My mother refuses a divorce since she isn’t a citizen of the country we are in now and doesn’t want to move back to her homeland (despite it being so much better than where we are no) just because she says she likes her freedom here and not having to work that much. 

     At age 12 i had basically no one to turn to. My dad has always been abusive and would threatened to slap me if i didn’t listen to him or in worse cases stick my hands into his feces. However since he’s obsessed with being a “good person”  hes nice the other 70% of the time and people adore him. I was a total outcast with 0 confidence so i turned to someone i had met online for validation. They were a lot older than me at  this point but we had a “relationship” and a big part of it was exchanging sexual favors, which i only sometimes made excuses for not going along with because i was terrified of losing the one person i cared about and this went on for years. Around this time i developed an eating disorder that has destroyed my health and i cannot keep any food down at this point. Not one time has either of my parents noticed how badly im suffering despite losing an absurd amount of weight and bruising all the time. I recently got out of said relationship and im together (i think...?) with someone i love so much. They were my only reason for not ending it and recently theyve stopped talking to me without giving a clear reason, telling me they’ll let me know when we can meet up and “talk things through as it would be better”. So i can only assume that once again im being left to my own resources. 

   The country im in is horrible. The people here are horrible. The laws and anyone in the government is horrible. I can always move out once im 18 but my mothers side of the family is a mess involved in drugs and abusive marriages. My fathers side of the family i dont talk to at all. I have a few friends but i know we will drift away once they go to collage. Im afraid of moving to another country on my own. I know for a fact that i cannot make it on my own. I know for a fact that without help from my parents financially i cannot do anything. I dont care at this point. I dont want a job, family, anything. All ive wanted for as long as i remember is to be happy. And i thougt i had finally found it, but if theres anything ive learned in my 17 years its that nothing actually goes well for me and it was my own fault for ever getting my hopes up. 

Yes im young and there are things that can give me purpose, yes every teen goes through a depressive phase. But chalk it up to me being a weak piece of shit that cannot handle this anymore. I dont want to try and be happy, it always ends the same way and its hurts so much more. I have absolutely 0 resources to get out of my situation and even if i did, whats the point. Im already messed up beyond repair to the point where i cant even make small talk with people or have any trace of an actual personality. 

It hurts, so badly. Everyone ive ever cared about has either turned around and abused me or left me. I dont know what im doing wrong anymore. I dont even know if my life is as tragic as i make it out to be or if im just overreacting. It feels like everything is my fault and im constantly riddled with so much guilt and regret that i can barely function like a normal human being. 

This is long, i doubt it’ll be read by anyone and im, at this point, just looking to leave my story somewhere in case i do snap any time soon. I just want people to know i existed and it hurt. I doubt anyone i know irl will ever find this, i wouldnt want them to. But a handful of strangers who know my story will do.

Cheers dudes, hopefully ill make it through this. And i hope anyone feeling similarly will too. Love you.