Be happy with what you have.People have said that my whole life and, for the most part, I am. I am not unhappy. I like little things. Those little pleasures that keep us going: hugs, getting the joke, hiding under covers during the storms and the way it makes you feel safe, warm baths at the end of long days, and white wine in cold glasses on summer days. Little victories. 

I went to college, I dreamed, I got a job which wasn't the job but it was still nice, I got married, and then I got  pregnant. 

And then I got divorced. So I was normal. Everything is normal. I struggle but not too much, just enough for stuff to feel real. I am average and content there. But I feel disillusioned. I feel that normality slipping. I long for mediocre. Always longing for painfully plain. 

My son turns 4 in January and there is nothing of note about me. I am replaceable in every manner of my existence. 

I have been married but never have I loved. I have traveled but never  have I explored.

I am restless. A terminal restless that swept in at my creation and never left. It took my mother, and later, my father. It has taken most of my family.  A madness created in boredom, carried on bloodlines and through houses for generations. I smell it on their boxed clothes, now just old rags, and see it in their pictures, the only relics they left. 

My son prefers his father and his father's family. They are fun and have money. They are the type content with the world because they have never known a moment of without sun. They have never stood in the shade.  

I have money to leave him and millions of words. No pictures because you can see that restlessness in the eyes 

I was an orphan but I don't think I ever missed them. Not really. Maybe he will be same, not sad, just curious. 

I have the insurance policy. I just have to find a way to will myself to death that seems like a particularly normal way to die. 

I hear Tylenol does that nicely over a long period. 

You should admit to yourself your capacities. Your strengths and weaknesses. 

And sometimes, as parent, but also as a human being, you have to know when is the right time to just to let go. 

And hope you made the right choice. 

He won't like me. Not really. I'll always be a bit weird. His father says that. 


He is last one of a long line.  I am hoping the outside influences of his fathers family will keep him from mine. 

I will miss him though. He'll never want for a thing. He'll never have to choose a side. He gets to just be happy. 

You have to be happy with what you have so I am giving him a chance to have everything. 

