What Happens When you Die?You are aware right humans cant travel in space and cant live in solar system other than Earth so Elon Musk is lying because of people keep saying can we live on moon or mars. Only useful thing you do is launching internet and monitor satellites and this stuff actually not require humans in space. Basicly astronauts getting ill and old for gaining money. They also waste their life. However space can be used for science experiments and that require humans

I  inserted a needle into nipple and used eraser for it. Than i go back to  designing my version of pixelmon type chart. I used my eraser deleted a  number. Was watching a video while working calculating thinking. I  dropped my eraser pick it up and keept playing it with my hand. Than i  put it to somewhere or dropped it. My eraser wasnt exist when 10 minutes  later i need to delete something. Tomorrow i found it next to my bed  where i put while inserting needle.

I  many times had supernatural weird illogical events. This simulation is  very heavy and it is about to collapse because errors are appearing more  often than before; many people noticing right now it cant disguise  anymore it need more RAM.

If we  are in a fake universe. We cant know what kind of rules and existence in  real universe. So we dont know why we are in here and why they did  this. Only 1/2000 humans are real humans. 4/2000 humans are alien  entities that put us in simulation. This people are cabalist satanist  rich free mason illuminati jews; they are blondie with green eyes. Blue  eyed ones have higher rank. All of our families and nearly all women are  fake human or robots. There can be also animal slaves that work for  aliens but stupid and not human and telling to us they are human. Entire  internet including reddit and maybe even computers and cellphones under  their control. They can use our internet from outside of our universe  so real people in internet 16/20 are outsiders or aliens or animals.  There can also be moderator robots that are very smart but dont have a  body and have no access to outside of our fake internet. Because if you  give access to robots, they will make terminator movie so you need to be  sure they cant connect to outside or robot bodies.

They  need to keep us alive. We are like cows; giving them our blood. They  mostly do not kill you. If you commit a crime mostly you will not be  killed. Do we lose our memory when we die or do we really die dont know.  Also they want to make us sad but not until we riot or stop obeying or  be calm. It is obivious they want to make us sad and keep us alive. I  think we lose soul will for staying alive when we are sad so they  stealing our soul. And we getting stronger when we are happy. But if we  die soul is becoming not exist. So they basicly stealing your life  energy and that why you are getting old, sleepy, lazy, sorrowful. We  dont know what is outside and can we stay alive fight or move in real  universe also what if real universe is boring.

There  is also another problem. End of universe, immortality, emotions. How  universe started, how will it end. Why? When? Why not before? Can god be  immortal even stars and planets die. I had love an 13 years old amazing  very great girl; i was very happy. So what? Lets say you are extremely  happy; than by time you are not happy anymore so what will you do now?  There is a limit of emotions. If you get too much happy your emotion  hole gets too large and than you cant enjoy it anymore because all  happens feels too small for your hole.

What  if Matrix movie? Look a robot does what you want it to do and robots  doesnt use atoms or molecules so they are very simple and rude so they  cant feel emotion and cant think cant dream. If an evil person build  robots; and this robots built this fake universe and put us there and  system is completely automatic. Than robots are immortal, they repeat  same stuff and never stop and they cant understand what is mistake and  what is they have to do so this robots can do very stupid and illogical  stuff. Maybe we are in a spaceship and everyone is died and robots dont  know where we shall land the ship so infinitely we are drifting in space  while being in sleep and maybe even we are brains in a jar. And Earth  is designed for educating us about what humans can do wrong and how evil  and liar humans can be.