I don’t think I’ll be alive when quarantine is over[TRIGGER WARNING FOR CSA] 

A few months ago, at the start of quarantine, me and my family had this huge fight during which my uncle called me a whore and a junkie very loudly in front of everyone, then proceeded to make up a lie about how I secretly do hard drugs in my room. My grandmother, who despite it all I still love very much, proceeded to back him up and say it was all true. She lied with him. I was left shocked and in pieces.

Now, to give you some context, that fight had been triggered because we were nearing my 21th birthday and I demanded to my mom (privately, of course) that my uncle should not be present during our little dinner celebration. The reason for that - which she was well aware of - being he molested me when I was around 7 and he was around 18. I remember him tongue kissing me “like they do in the TV” (that’s what he had said) and I remember we took numerous baths together, but I somehow have no recollection of any of those, so I don’t know if the abuse went past the kiss. There are days in which I feel extremely violated and wish I could remember, but I can’t, and part of me is terrified of remembering something awful.

Upon receiving my request that my uncle should not be present at my birthday, my mom told me I should “learn to separate things” and made little snarky comments about it in front of others until I broke down and the fighting began, somehow leading to my dad yelling at me at the top of his lungs and saying I don’t love anyone, and my parents fighting each other and almost separating (as they have done plenty). I was left feeling completely at fault and guilty. My mom said I escalated everything. I might have. I was so upset. 

I feel like my sexual abuse is inconvenient to everyone. Like it’s best ignored. Ever since then my grandmother and uncle haven’t come to visit but I know my mom misses them (they’re her brother and mom, after all) and she even brought them up to me recently a couple of times to tell me about some of his medical procedures and whatnot. I feel like I am the problem.  I am what stands in the way of them being here and everything would be much better if I was gone. Other things happened that day as I mentioned before, it felt like my whole family united against me. I feel like I am the root cause of it all, like there’s something fundamentally off with who I am. 

I am currently grieving my relationship with my grandmother. I love her very much still and I miss her dearly and I wish I could just give her a big hug right now and tell her these things, but at the same time I’m so very hurt that she helped my uncle lie in order to cover up his abuse and that she won’t believe me. She never apologized or made any attempts to contact me either. It hurts everyday. 

A few months go by and I’m unable to do anything. I don’t study and I don’t exercise and I’m pretty unbearable to be around. My mental health is decaying. Nothing was done about that event. If anything, everyday I hate myself more for not keeping quiet. Then my dad comes home drunk and another episode ensues. 

He and my mom are fighting and yelling. I won’t bore you with all the details but it escalated to him trying to push her to the ground, my two younger siblings bearing witness to everything, dad saying I am unable to love anyone and calling me names, saying I love the drama, etc (in response to the fact I had been recording the whole thing in case the physical abuse escalated). The night ended with me relapsing back into my old self harm habits, which I had been clean from for around a year. 

Weeks pass and we’re just pretending nothing happened, like we do with everything. My parents didn’t separate, as per usual - they only say they’ll do it. This might sound pretty could but when you witness threats of such over and over and know they’re toxic to each other and all their kids, you get tired of it. 

My mom then tells me it happened ‘cause she was unfaithful. Ok. I cut her off pretty quickly. I don’t want to hear about it. She had told me she cheated in the past (I was 16) and I ended up feeling guilty and like I had to tell my dad - which I did. She slapped me across the face that day and both of them turned on me (yes, dad took her side). She constantly says “I’m not her true friend” because of what happened. 

Anyways, this is why I brushed her off, but I’m bringing it up to say she has a problem with boundaries. She also has Fibromyalgia and auto-immune issues which I’ve also been made to feel guilt about for years. She’s recently told me she’s afraid of dying and that it could spread to her organs, but I’m not sure how to feel because it isn’t the first time I’ve been told something like this. My father, just like her, will often fall into the bad habit of using her problems as excuses. 

I’ve seen her attempt suicide twice. Once I must’ve been around 10, saw the ambulance take her away, knew what she had tried to do, but as a child, wasn’t sure how to react. I think I went to play with friends that same day, unbothered. 

Second time was different. I was 17, woke up to go to school, hear her breathing horribly loud from her room. Remember she came by my bed in the middle of the night crying and hugged me. “Can’t seem to find the will to live anymore”, she had said. I was half awake and didn’t get up then, mumbled some reassurances and went back to sleep. Needless to say, when I heard how she was breathing, my heart dropped. Had to do CPR on her while the ambulance came. Afterwards she was put in an intensive care unit and induced coma. I’ll never forget seeing her with tubes up her nose and all bloated up, laying on that hospital bed. She had come really close to dying. So, when my parents throw in my face how sick she is, it hurts like nobody could ever understand, and if I bring up her suicide attempts, she says I’m using it against her. Fine. Again, let’s keep pretending like nothing happened. 

I was hospitalized because of my own suicide attempt in 2018 and went through more trauma. Nurses at the clinic had to put a tube up my urethra twice because my mood stabilizers wouldn’t let me pee (bad reaction). They were pretty mean about the whole thing. Wanting to pee and having a full bladder but just not being able to is torture. The psychiatrist there also went out of his way to call me manipulative and make fun of the cuts on my arms. I’m honestly still not over it and still have trouble peeing today because it gives me a little PTSD. I have to calm down my bladder and convince my body to let it out. 

And today, me and my boyfriend of two years broke up. I have been simply unbearable, moody, a depressed mess. I sleep all the time and overreact. We had a huge fight and he said I’m abusive and that “I just don’t get better”. And he’s right, I don’t. I feel manipulative and self victimizing even typing all of this out and following it up with what I’m about to say but, I cannot get better. I can’t. Maybe I’m not meant to live. Yes, my passing would make people sad, but ultimately would be for the best. I am the common denominator, I am who everyone wants to stay away from/lash out at. 

I have tried therapy and it feels pointless. I’ve been diagnosed with OCD and I have a BPD diagnosis as well (one that was done in 2018 and that my current therapist is unsure of, but one that feels really accurate at times) and I have tried treating it but my sense of self and my sadness are out of control. It’s like life is telling me to stop trying. Is it all my fault? Is it because I am BPD, that I am manipulative? I can’t help but blame myself. 

I love my boyfriend and I want to try and fix it but I don’t want to be an abuser, so it’s better I stay away. He was my best friend and the only person I really spoke to and now I feel truly alone. I have other friends but we rarely talk (mostly my fault as I’m really bad at keeping in touch). 

I don’t think I can make it through this quarantine phase. I’m getting worse and worse. I don’t have the balls to off myself yet but I hope I can build up to it eventually. Maybe another episode will happen to finally set me off. Maybe the longer I go without my grandmother and my boyfriend, I’ll finally realize how much I don’t deserve love or life and off myself. I know my cats love me and nobody will dote on them like I do, but my sister will love them for me, I know she will. She loves me enough for that, even though I’m a pretty crappy sister like I am with everything else. 

I don’t even know where I was going with this. I feel rotten. I feel like it’s my time to go. And I’m sorry to everyone I’ve hurt, and I’m sorry for everything I’ve caused.

EDITS: grammar