I am in agonizing pain.I'm finding it more difficult to go to work each day and my workplace, home, both places seem to verbally remind me daily that my best is not good enough for them. They think I am not trying hard. I am trying hard. My lazy co worker smirked at me and had a smug look on her face when I was criticized. My racist/homophobic co worker is insensitive and said "YOUR WORK REFLECTS WHO YOU ARE!!!". Multiple clients complain about me specifically and tell my boss that they find me disturbing. 

I suffer from motor tics. My facial expressions do not match my emotions sometimes, or I have no ability to hide my emotions. My night terrors are repetetive and almost every night. I cry almost every day. Sometimes I cry because I am suffering constant flashbacks and intrusive thoughts. I am always trying hard to work even though I am told I am too fast and bad at it. I cannot help these things I am going through. I cannot control it. I fear stress will kill me.

I wish I could end my life but I am afraid of messing up and ending up vegetative and trapped further under my abusive parent's gripping control. My family has told me to kill myself before and I have no way of getting away from this as I genuinley have exhausted all avenues and I have no way out. Low income housing/section 8 is NOT an option. Shared rooming, roomates is NOT an option as I truly have no one and cannot live with others due to my disabilities and illness or I will disturb them and they will likely abuse me. I am highly vulnerable so living with others is NOT an option. I am too advanced and conscious for mentally disabled live-in hospitals or group homes and do not wish to be exposed to that horrible atmosphere where I won't be able to thrive. I cannot risk being traumatized by being grouped together with others with varying, scary illnesses. I cannot afford an apartment as I am too disabled to work full time. I have lost 16 jobs since age 18. I am 22. Averaging 4 or 5 jobs a year. Even the tax people at handr block have judged me for working so many jobs. Im viewed as lazy when that is not the case.

I fear death is the only escape. 

Therapy is the only consistent support I have. I exercise and have been on over 40 medicines since I was 7. All of them have caused damage to me permanently or harmed me badly. I have been hospitalized over 15 times since age 7. I have been hurt or harmed by patients every time. I was searched in my vagina because they wanted to make sure I was not hiding weapons or drugs. This is protocal but it traumatized me and the female nurses were very kind and understanding about this. I had patients grab my face or attack me because they were hallucinating or on drugs. I have had patients oogle me and want to molest or "wrestle" me. I have been molested and groped in a homeless shelter and whitnessed horrible things. 

There is no hope for me. All i want in life is a loyal wife, indipendence, good physical and mental health, and to heal from this trauma.