i don't even know anymorei don't know how to start, i don't even know if it all makes sense, or will make sense, i just don't know im writing it still a bit under strong emotions and i'll probably regret it later on 

I've been struggling with depression for very long time. Been alone through years, but then i found someone. He filled my life with happiness, i found many good friends thanks to him, I was no longer lonely. I spent great 4 years with him, we got into relationship. He is greatest person I've ever met, he has his flaws but they didn't really matter, after all, love is blind hehe. But recently it all went to shit. Around 2 months ago he started distancing himself, i tried to explain it to myself by fact that he had to study a lot. From talking few hours per day we went to few hours per week. He stopped caring about promises he made, he wanted a relationship but didn't want to accept that he needs to "contribute" to it too, or whatever the word is, i don't know. He started getting really passively aggressive towards me. Recently he even made post here, about me apparently committing suicide and being dead (: (not yet sir, im seemingly not leaving anytime soon). We broke up like 3 weeks ago and well.. i can't say it made me happy, im here for a reason ahaha. Since breakup i lost 75% of my friends. My ex-lover told my current best friend that he shouldn't talk to me cause im not worth it anyway. Also most of friends i had i met cause of him so they got less likely to tolerate me, eh. I just can't anymore, that's all so silly. I can't even get that boy off my mind, i still strongly love him, despite everything, i can't get over it... Heh, also today I passed last exam I needed to get back to education after screwing up school, and i don't even have to repeat the year, and what I got from it? I still got yelled at by my older brother and called useless because i "only cause trouble anyway". I don't understand all of this, i can't keep up, i struggle to get off bed. I don't know what to do with myself anymore, nothing seems to help, and there's no chance of getting anything/anyone i lost in last months. I feel really empty and uh... lost, i guess. 

I don't even know if I made sense, im really sorry if it doesn't i really just had to say it somewhere, it all might seem randomly written and not even.. i don't know, i hope i was writing it for over fucking hour and even now im anxious posting it.