Suicide, Depression, and my Shitty LifeWhat's up. I know I'm just another useless user here on this subreddit, but I need to get my thoughts out. Lately my ever lingering thoughts about taking my life have become more and more common place. I don't talk to anyone about my thoughts about suicide. Last time I tried to talk about it they put me in a hospital for a couple days and it was very expensive and didn't do much for me.  I just think about leaving class and throwing myself out in traffic, or using my dads shotgun.

When I sit in class and think about it a lot, lately I've become very withdrawn and aggressive. I've pretty much stopped doing my schoolwork and thus my GPA has taken a hit. I feel like nothing is fun anymore. NOTHING. Things that used to be fun to me are just kinda there now.  I just don't get any enjoyment out of things anymore. 

My girlfriend seems like she has no time for me. She's either always working or doing her homework. I'm afraid to talk to her about my feelings because it could be scary for her. I don't want to lay that on any person. 

Lately, I've just been living through my consent high school routine and I seriously don't know how much more I can take. The people at school don't really like me, and my closest friends are becoming distant. The only things I can do are Play Counter Strike: Global Offensive, watch youtube or anime. I have no skills, nothing is good about me, my grades are bad and I don't think I'm going to get them up.

My teachers and parents don't care about my depression anymore. They got over it. I really don't feel like trying to talk to anyone at my school anymore. The things I find humorous are becoming darker and darker everyday. I feel like I'm trapped inside of my head. I have no reason to keep trying to live my life. I piss all of my teachers off, and I just dont care about what anyone thinks or feels anymore. 

Do I really have anything to keep trying for? Colleges aren't going to want me (2.5 GPA) and I feel like it's inveitable that my girlfriend is going to break up with me. I can feel it. I'm just not as good as other guys. I'm not strong. I'm not cool. I don't do anything the girls like. Cake doesn't live up to the filling, and I'm just a stupid no life 16 year old kid.