What's on my mindI have spent a lot of time using an alt posting about my problems here, and trying to find help by calling suicide hotlines and trying to talk to the few people that will talk to me, and quite frankly its not working.

Now that doesn't mean you guys are doing a bad job, every positive word helps a lot.  They have literally made me turn away from what I was doing and walk back to the horrible mess that is my life.  But each of those victories were temporary in a constant struggle, and maybe my situation is unique.  I have been to therapists when I had access to them, and the universal diagnosis is that my issues are far more physical than chemical, that I need resources or a better environment, that the problem isn't so much in my head but external.

So I followed all of the advice like any good patient should.  I broke up with my ex-fiancee who was emotionally unavailable, I got myself into a fancy private school, and found a clean luxury apartment to stay in while I focused on my studies, and planned out of a future that was tailored around my interest but also a career path that was solid and dependable if I stick to the path.  I became honest, I stopped hiding my feelings, I started sharing my life and my stories with people.  I became popular, outgoing, I was happy.  The happiest I have ever been my whole life, happy in a way I never knew I could be.

And it's all ruined.  

I overexposed myself.  I was told not to worry about the logistics of everything and for the first time in my life I didn't. I let it all go, all hang out, I didn't stress and concentrated on people and my studies. I trusted people, fully, for the first time.  And, I got burned, badly.  Over and over again, one right after the other.  Burned until there was nothing left of me.  

First, one of my best friends on campus who I shared everything with dipped out for a nation wide car trip right when we started our business together, leaving me completely hanging with no other source of income.  Then she refused to cooperate, barely showed up to meetings while she went out to party, and blamed a lot of it on me.  It was my best chance at a stable income using my skills that worked around school, and I needed her connections to the community and resources for it to work, and she completely bailed on me.

You see all of these people come from a lot more money that I've ever seen, and I came from nothing in one of the poorest and most dangerous places in the country.  I managed to build a business out there, but it took years and it was a struggle and in the end I don't have a lot to show for it because that money went into taking care of my mom.

The next hit came when this wonderful girl I met finally admitted she had another boyfriend.  I suspected it when I went to a convention and she was there with this other guy she claimed was a FWB, but she would go talk to him and it would be fine, and it seemed to be.  The dude went a played Street Fighter while we had like a mini-date right in front of him.  He was polite and it didn't seem to bother him.

It's so messed up in retrospect because it turns out they were in a hardcore, five year long relationship and he was planning on putting a ring on it.  I was devastated.  I just came out of my previous relationship and she seemed to really care about me, helped me with my studies and career goals, stayed up with me until 2AM talking about everything, all day, always messaging me about ever moment of her day.   I wasn't up for sharing so I made her make a choice.  She had a ton of other issues, and they were all coming unraveled and I wanted a sane, sober, and safe relationship with her, and she refused. But then she wanted me back and I stupidly accepted and it got so messed up.  We did this back and forth for a while, and she couldn't choose.  I eventually told the guy and that was a complete disaster.

I got her into therapy, did a lot for her.  When all of her friends abandoned her over what happened, the lying and cheating and such, I tried to get them back for her even after it was over.  Apparently that's my problem, I take care of people too much and I don't take care of me.  I took care of my mom, I took care of the previous business, when my new partner bailed I tried to do it all on my own, and my living situation was dependent on me taking care of two of the traditional students who were getting more and more out of control with drinking and drugs.

I used to manage it by throwing the parties myself and metering out the alcohol but it wasn't working anymore.  I had to lock up everything and hide the key.  I spent so much time dealing with myself after the breakup that I missed a ton of warning signs at home, as one of them was getting into heavier stuff and it was my job to stop it.  

My reputation on campus was of an older student who could solve people's problems.  I had a lot of life experience and the administration was notorious for doing absolutely nothing when something happened, so they looked to me for help when people OD'ed, when sexual assaults happened, relationship issues, and so forth.  I was taking people by the busload over to the on campus therapy office.  I was respected on campus for it, but it was too much.

So my therapist ordered me to stop putting everyone else before myself, take some time, work on my school work for me, and cut out all of this helping people and let people help themselves for a bit.

That's when everything else dropped out.  It was like the moment I pulled away a bit everyone pulled the rug out from under me.  At first people stopped answering texts when I wanted to just hang out or talk.  Then, people started avoiding me, seemed really upset with me.

Then it went into hyperdrive.  

People started becoming afraid of me.  Odd things were happening and I felt like I was out of the loop.  It turns out I was.  Even after promising not to, my now recent ex decided that the best way to get her friends back was to paint a picture of me that was violent and crazy.  It wasn't true of course, but earlier in our relationship she did some very stalker like things to me, she was very paranoid and bordering on delusional sometimes, but I was stupid and in love and she was a pretty girl who gave me attention so I ignored all of that.  I willfully ignored every warning sign that she and every one of these people presented me.

Soon people were refusing me service at restaurants.  I felt so alone and depressed I did something stupid.  I got drunk and fell into a pool within earshot of the ex. I didn't really know she was there, and I was unconscious and almost died.  A stranger saved me, but I learned later she actively stopped other people from helping me.  She spun it as some kind of intentional thing against her, and the bottom fell out.  

I learned later that my roomates wanted me gone.  One wanted to get into harder drugs and be able to do it at home, and knew it was my job not to allow it, and the other felt offended that he needed a minder at all.  They lied to each other and their parents about what was going on, and eventually the administration and the police when I blew up at them and the friend group because everyone knew.  They had known for months and told me nothing.

After a year of parties and being a pillar of support for all of them, no one bothered to even check on me when I fell.  They stood by while everything fell apart.  There were a few people who tried to help a bit, helped me move, but some of that came at a cost of judgement and dealing with their issues too.

I barely managed to finish the semester.  When I returned to class after missing two weeks of school all hell broke loose.  The group kept lobbing false complaints against me eventually growing until someone called a false gun complaint against me and spread a false rape fantasy story I didn't write.  Thankfully after a ton of arguing I got the school to launch an investigation on my behalf, and they found that indeed the group including my ex were working together to get me kicked out of school.  One of my other best friends lied to my teachers about me stalking them, others spread rumors about me being violent among the general population.  

My happy little community became a scary place.  I was directed to stay off campus as much as I could, at first because some of the admins worried that I may be the issue, and then later to protect me from reprisal because people began fishing around the male students for protection against me.  A Title IX investigation was held, and they found tons of proof of everything, but to my knowledge nothing was done.  Furthermore the school refused to give me any aid as I was now homeless, and I had nowhere to go.

A kind adult student took me into their basement, but my time has run out.  I have a couch to stay on but it is reluctant and unwelcoming.  The ex got engaged and is getting married to the other guy soon.  My other ex has given me money and food but she's as emotionally cold as ever, and her solutions are abysmal and often unrealistic.  I have been applying for work for weeks with not a single response.  I have to have my stuff out of here by tomorrow and for the 8th time the people who have promised to come and hold on to it, even after promising to give them the furniture, have simply left me hanging.

I'm out of money, out of food, and out of time.  I need a clean and safe space to continue my studies.  I have a 3.8 GPA (would be a 4.0 except for those two weeks I couldn't make up and other issues), and one professor wants to recommend me to Oxford and the other to a paid graduate school program in Japan.  And I'm about to lose all of my belongings and have nowhere to go. 

I have been called crazy for being suicidal, but I'm not.  I don't hear voices, I'm not violent, and I'm rational.  I just don't want to suffer anymore.  I feel completely abandoned, not just by my friends and loved ones but by society as a whole.  I'm not strong enough to be a pack mule and threw out my back working as a dishwasher for two weeks, but I'm both overqualfied for minimum wage work and it takes months to get a job within my experience and that won't mesh with my school schedule when it starts back.

I have been told to my face that my livelyhood isn't the school's responsablity, and when I started a GoFundMe I was told "what makes you deserve to go to school for free?" non-ironically surrounded by rich kids who mostly do go to school for free on their parent's dime.  Walking the street I have been treated with disdain, attempting and failing to apply for aid I have been tried like shit, and I have been treated like shit for needing and applying for aid in the first place.

I feel like one of the used up pieces of trash I see on the side of the road.  Had I been good enough to keep, as a lover, as a friend, as a student, as a business partner, as a worker, then I would have a home.  But I guess I'm not.  I'm not good enough to keep around, worth anyone's time.  I took a look through everyone else's Facebook pictures and they looked so happy without me.  Life goes on without me, and maybe I'm just everyone's problem now.  

No I'm no one's problem because I'm out here alone and that's clearly better for everyone.  And that's why I need to go, I'm just not needed anymore.  Maybe it's no one's fault, I just overstayed my welcome. 