This is my last will and Testament.I am done with this world. there is nothing left in this world I want or care for. I am 38 and have suffered so much in this world. a quick glance through my comments and you can see many things I have faced, rape, molestation, incest, losing others to suicide or seeing others die in front of me. loss of a fiancee and our child. been homeless for years. it is all in my comments. I am a guy and just can't do it anymore. I have PTSD among other things and I touch on this as well in posts and comments I have. 

I just can't literally take being alive anymore. I am obese as you can see by several comments and my pics I posted. I been obese since age 6. no matter how active how much I ate how little I ate I couldn't lose weight. I have low thyroid and am on thyroid meds. when I had them upped I lost 40 lbs for the first time in my life but after a year gained it back. My cousin can eat large pizzas in one sitting and four hamburgers behind it and not gain weight and he does nothing but sleep 12 hours and gaming for 12 hours. 

I have to choke down a handful of meds every morning and rub on androgel testosterone because of low T levels and I go for walks every morning around 530 am. and yet I still don't lose weight. I am not any healthier than I was when I was homeless and eating junk food like chips and candy all day because it was cheap and all I could afford. 

No one wants me, women refuse to date me or give me a chance tried for years only to be ridiculed, laughed at mocked at made fun of or used for attention. Only woman who ever wanted me was my fiancee who I met while I was mowing their yard. I was 19 at the time. Past 8 years I tried dating but got nothing but bs and catfished. No one wants me, I get trolled on reddit and bullied and abused by others on here, called a liar etc. people making comments acting like they know everything about me and what I been through when they know nothing. I just can't take being alone and lonely and unwanted and unloved and undesired anymore, being alone, not having anyone to be with or make memories with. I can't take anymore so I am leaving this world on my birthday this coming sunday. 

RIP alreadydeadinside born 1/27/1981 - died 1/27/2019 
Last words to this world is fuck you and suck my big fat hairy white pasty ass. died of suicide, lived an eventful life and suffered greatly in his life but overcame almost everything thrown at him except loneliness. Just couldn't take anymore. gods be with him and let him fast in glory with the gods in Valhalla. 