more readyim ashamed to even be posting in here again but whatever. I'm almost 30. I finally mentally fell off a cliff and theres nothing left. ive been struggling through school trying to get a degree since high school finished lol. and this time i had less motivation and energy than ever and quit after like 2 days. its been like weeks and i havent told anyone. parents just paid like 10k for this. cant face them again after doing this again. Been in love with 1 girl my whole adult life and lost her because i cant take care of myself or make a living or help support her and a family. So she had her parents arrange a match for her and shes getting married in a few months. shes indian its a culture thing. I'm delusional and think she still loves me but it doesnt matter because its all over anyway and shes signing papers in a couple months. I cant be friends with her cuz she just wants to talk about her boyfriend but ive tried leaving and ignoring her and it doesnt work either. we end up talking so much and being close and caring so much and we dont want to leave. But we cant be together. It isnt possible to live like this anymore. Ive told her i plan on killing myself in a few weeks when my parents are gone. i really hope that i can find the determination. Maybe if things were different and i was a stronger person and had a future or a career or even a job or if i had ever found anyone else that i loved like this or who loved me like that.. maybe if i was younger and still had time to change or get lucky..maybe if my parents werent almost 70 and way overdue to retire already and stop supporting me.. maybe then i would feel like giving it another shot. but im just fucking done. life isnt fair. i wont watch my soulmate give herself away to some other guy just because she couldnt find anyone else. while i sit here knowing ill never be able to take care or a partner or raise a family. Whats the fucking point of going on when thats the only thing i ever wanted? I spent years in therapy not knowing what i wanted out of life and when this girl appeared in my life again i marched into my therapists office said i know what i want and its to marry this girl and i still feel it with ever fiber of my being. Im sorry theres just no coming back for me anymore