Having a hard times...A couple of hours ago my husband punched me again. In my face. Till the blood. Yesterday I forgot to buy food for our cats and told I am gonna go in the morning. In the morning I got up and realized they have some dry food, well that's ok I thought, I have some time for a morning coffee before the shop. My husband waked up and the first thing he told was not a good morning or smt, he told "hey, go shop, we need food for cats, go right now!"... I asked him if he is my boss to command me, well I got the answer "yes and you will do what I told you"... I really couldn't react seriously on that and asked if he is having his days... and got a hard punch in my face... for this! For what?! Well I have been told I deserved it for the way I speak with him... sorry, did I got it wrong or he was trying to tell me he is my boss and I have to obey and and? 
That's just an example of my life. That shit all the time happening to me in my family life. He punched me even on our honeymoon more than a year ago. Than he was standing on his knees and begging for forgiveness. Well I guess I am a total idiot. I forgave him and ever since every 2 months we have a fight with punches and hitting (ofcourse me, I never let myself to put a hand on smb else). 
The problem is that to be with him I leaved my family, friends and good job in my country and moved to live in Europe. Except him I don't have here nobody. I have a couple of people I know here, but we are not in such close relationships to tell them what a ruins my life really is. I see I am not needed to my husband. The way he behave with me tells enough. But I also know I am not needed to my family. Every time I try to say I feel bad and wanna go home they tell me smt like it was my choice and giving me a feeling that I disappointed them. And that I probably will be a total disappointment if I will come back. 
I more and more beging to feel I have no place in the world. I see I am not needed to anybody around me. Yes I have husband, friends, parents... and what's the point? One can't see me anymore and behaves with me like I am a peace of shit, another's not even a little waiting me back home and my friends? Well I know they will feel sorry for me and in the same time happy they aren't on my place...       I just want don't want to be hurt no more. I am so tired of emotional pain. I never was thinking about suicide. But last time I just can't stand no more. People whom I live with, they don't treat my words serious. They think it's on emotions. Maybe in the beginning it was so. Maybe I wanted their attention, wanted to feel I am needed and loved. But not anymore. It already more deeply problem and i realize it. No matter what I do this thought is always in a background of my mind. Specially in such a bad days like today. I don't feel like smb is actually care.  Probably nobody have too. It's a dark side of my life I have to deal with myself. But smt you just wanna tell things you struggling through to smb else and to know you not alone.
