I just ruined my marriage by lying to my husband for the last year about my schoolBefore I get to why I lied, let me give you my mental health history.

I've been struggling off and on with depression since I was 16. I was bullied when I was younger, I was a nerd, I had glasses, braces, etc. I had very low self-esteem. But everyone always told me how smart I was and that I would succeed at anything.
When I turned 16, I got my first job and I lasted two months before they fired me. I was devastated. I didn't know how to handle failure - I wasn't good at anything besides school and I couldn't even handle a fast food job. That summer, none of my friends tried to call me or invite me out, so I felt like a failure and waste of space. That fall I went to my school's counseling center and they set me up with a psychologist. That seemed to work and by the following spring I felt like I had "conquered my depression."

But by my senior year,  I still felt alienated in my friend group, my anxiety worsened, and my depression returned . I showed my first signs of being impulsive when I started skipping speech and debate practices until I finally quit. Then I had an AP Psych paper that was caused me major stress, and being a perfectionist, I couldn't find it in me to start writing the paper, because nothing  I wrote was good enough. I had nothing to  turn in on the day the paper was due, and my teacher made it clear that he would deduct 25% off of the grade for every day it was late.  Again, I was a straight-A student, who was supposed to be destined for great things, and here I was about to flunk my first class. So I skipped class the day it was due and I attempted suicide. I had to spend three days in the hospital. I then saw a psychiatrist for most of the spring and summer before I left for college in Florida.

I didn't seek counseling during my freshman year of college because I was feeling well and thought I had learned to recognize my anxiety symptoms. Then in the spring of 2012  I met my future husband. For his privacy I don't want to get into too many details, but he's older than me and he's also an immigrant. We got married less than a year later, and my family wasn't too happy about it, again for reasons I don't want to elaborate on. But basically I was making impulsive decisions, I was lying to my family, and I was over-working myself between school, a part-time job, and trying to help my immigrant husband.

It all caught up to me in the fall of my sophomore year, where I began a pattern of starting the semester off well, then by the mid-point of the semester, my anxiety and stress would become too much to bear, and I would skip classes, stop turning in assignments, and then towards the end I would realize what the fuck I had done and try to fix it.

This is a pattern that has more or less continued for the last 2 1/2  years until I had failed enough classes that I kept delaying my graduation date and finally had to change my major. I had another hospital stay in April 2014 because I felt like attempting suicide again. In that time, I've stopped working, my husband is now the one paying the bills, and I had lied to him over and over again about my academic standing.

My lying got so bad that he told me he would leave me if I  ever lied to him like that again.

Meanwhile, in Spring 2015, I just stopped attending counseling sessions. That's also a bad habit of mine. I would get to a point where I wanted my counselors to approve of me, I wanted to them to think highly of me, and when I felt like I couldn't "please" them anymore, I would stop going without so much as a phone call to let them know.

I enrolled in two summer classes but didn't even go because by that point I had no sense of self-worth. I don't know why I didn't drop those classes, but there was a part of me that wanted to keep the pretense that I was trying to graduate.

So I flunked those two classes, but let my husband think everything was fine. But then I got a notification that I had to change  my major and I procrastinated dealing with it until the first week of fall semester. I put myself back into counseling,  tried to get on medication again, but by midterms I had no energy left.  I was so tired of dealing with all my shit. I stopped going to classes, I stopped taking  my medication, and I stopped counseling again and just went "fuck it."

But I still couldn't bring myself to tell my husband.

I didn't even enroll in classes this spring but being the selfish asshole that I  am, I let my husband think that I was close to graduating.

I mean, the lengths I went to in order to make him think I was in class...I've wanted to kill myself all fucking year because I am such a manipulative bitch.

And  I see my husband come home from work every day, and he's been so tired lately. He works his ass off, his family is on a different continent, this culture is strange, and yet he gives everything he has to make a life for us. And I've been sitting on my ass for a year doing nothing.

It's just I have a problem with confrontation and he doesn't understand mental health problems and I never felt comfortable confiding in him. And I knew as soon as I told him I was skipping class and lying that our marriage was over.

Shit...typing all of this out  all I can think is how immature and selfish and manipulative I am. 

He asked me about graduation tonight, and I just couldn't lie anymore. When I told him the truth - I've never seen my husband so hurt. I've never seen him cry like he did tonight.

I called my dad earlier this evening and he  calmed me down a bit, but I don't know I have the energy to get better. I don't trust myself to not lie to everyone again. I don't like who I am and I don't even want to improve myself because I hate myself too much. And I don't know how I can live with the fact that I lied to my husband so badly.

I'm sorry this is so poorly written but I needed to get that off my chest.