My view (warning long post)I ponder intense thoughts of suicide every day, I have already decided on a method but my imagination conjures up lucid caricatures of my family grieving - they are not real, simply a surrealist distortion of my siblings and parents painted in black twisted sorrow.


Truthfully, I do not know how it would affect their lives. I often contemplate that they would be better off without me. Without the continuous chain of disappointment that my life brings. I do not consider the happiness I have brought them in the past and do not see a way to bring them happiness in the future. This makes me sad. 


I feel I have been incredibly fortunate in life and am ungrateful to my present circumstance. There are many much worse off than me who are able to find joy.


I feel l need to vent and express myself honestly to someone. Whether anyone reads this, I don't think I mind either way, but if someone is able to make it through, well… Thank you


I was incredibly naïve the moment I was borne into adulthood, I made major life decisions without really considering what the future meant. I was fortunate to be well educated by a caring family who diligently monitored my every need. 


I had always questioned things, and from a young age I knew I would be dissatisfied with life, working away my prime years in order to support myself when my body was weak and frail. It did not seem like life, these thoughts were at their inception when I was 13. By the time I was 15 I had assumed I would die by my own hand at a younger age than was considered societal norm. Until I met that girl that made me want to live. There is a possibility another person like that exists but I am tired. At the age of 25 I am tired. Pathetic really.


Through my teenage years and my twenties I lived what I would consider a fulfilled life. I did what I wanted and the experiences collated were amazing. I did everything, everything I wanted to do , I valued time above all and made sure my time was efficiently and well spent based on my own range of primal and novel desires. I felt contented by this period in my life and feel I have lived a fulfilled life already.


Essentially I grew up in a world that was safe and happy and was ignorant of the hellish place that actually awaited me. I was a medical student that passed everything, blessed with an aptitude for blind recall – some would call it intelligence but they would be glorifying a good memory. I broke up with my girlfriend at the time. This girl was the first girl where I had considered a serious marriage, she claimed she was not good enough for me. Perhaps my expectations of her and myself tore us apart. I don’t know.


I experienced my first real loss. Previous to this everything had always gone my way, I had never really failed at anything I wanted. I wanted this more than anything and it didn’t work out. I fell into a state of depression, my mind searched for answers to the common existential questions. I inhaled philosophy and science: knowledge. What was the point? Every piece of my life that had fitted together so perfectly melted away. 


Before this point, my childlike perspective was slowly shifting. Entering university, I read and watched the world that I once saw as beautiful and the species I belonged to slowly decompose to filth. It disgusted me. The ulterior motives revealed themselves and the cynicism that germinated at a young age flourished, I cultivated it and became a bitter old man. I began to deeply hate society and humans. I say the word human as if I am not one, I just wish to not be associated with others.


Now a couple of years on, I dropped out of every programme I was accepted to, I grew more distraught, entered psychiatric care and experimented with drugs, prescription and otherwise. I am clean now but less happy than when I wasn’t, the drugs enabled an artificial happiness that gave me momentary respite, a way to embody ignorance if I needed to. I used to think I could change the world, make it better, but I feel like a failure that I can’t.


There are many things that bring me joy but this existential depression and loss of faith in humanity have driven me to a deadline. I will kill myself before my next birthday. It is not because I am unhappy with myself, nor do I find it impossible to be happy day to day, I have a small collective of dedicated, truly caring friends, it is simply that the world isn’t what I expected it to be, it is much worse. And I cannot change it.


If you managed to make it this far I am grateful. Even if you didn’t, I am thankful you got as far as you did.
