"I don't deserve [X]" doesn't really make sense but I can't stop saying it.Okay.  There are some things I genuinely, objectively do not deserve.  I don't deserve a Croatian Political Analyst of the Year award or an Olympic Gold for high jumping or a job doing hair braids.  All those things are pretty easy to reckon with emotionally and I wouldn't say my low/nonexistent standing in any of those fields really affects my self-esteem.  I don't deserve love and attention from a given person just because I chose them, because no one is entitled to be regent of anyone else's world.  That doesn't hurt me either, it's just good sense and the principles of human autonomy.


But then I start saying I don't deserve things I already have or things all humans have a right to or things that aren't really about deserving or not deserving.  Financial help from my parents?  A decent place to live?  The love of the friends I already have?  A job I like?  A job, period?  Happiness?  Success?  An education?  Self-worth?


Sometimes it's about relative privilege, how it's not fair that I get to have material comfort and stability and the disposable time to look for jobs and post on Reddit about my dumb feelings when so many others don't.  But instead of that translating in my head to, "hm, there sure are a lot of structural flaws and cultural biases in our market and social organization systems that disadvantage huge groups of people!  I ought to use the relative power I have to push back against that while simultaneously attempting to enjoy my short life within the most amenable bounds of considerateness and selflessness that I can set," it becomes, "I'm taking up all the good things so that worthier people can't get any, because apparently I buy into the idea that some people don't deserve basic welfare as long as it feeds my self-hate, but instead of doing anything about it I should probably just ball up under the table and stay there motionless for the rest of my life."  Productive.  Clearly I am the champion those of you with actual problems have all been waiting for.


I think it's healthy for the privileged to feel a *bit* bad about it.  We need to be able to empathize with people who have our problems but life-alteringly worse, to check ourselves if we start to believe our victories are the result of merit alone and that surely those in dire straits just aren't working hard.  (Incidentally, I am wary of dating SUPER CONFIDENT similarly privileged men for basically this reason along a gender axis, so not-totally-sure-of-themselves lads of the world, rejoice.)


But it's not much help to anyone if the only thing we can apply that feeling to is sitting about in our filth wishing we were dead.


This is not to say at all that privilege is responsible for the illness - I find it much more likely that the illness just grabs whatever it can find in your personal belief and politics to burn you on internally (financially stable lefty - sheltered much?!) and the messages of your wider culture to do so externally (Extended unemployment, eh?  Maybe you're just a lazy snake person leech with no original ideas who studied too "girly" a subject and whines about bias when her skills aren't competitive in beautiful pure shining capitalism!  Also something about how women don't have real hobbies and you're clearly faking your interest in yours.).


I can't speak for people with serious money problems but I bet if I'm here feeling guilty* about not being "productive" enough in a money-making sense, the illness must *really* do a number on you with actual financial insecurity.


*And it's not just guilt about taking from my parents - it feels almost like a moral obligation to the ideal of the capitalist work ethic, like even working the most repugnant high-level job for the slimiest corporation is morally superior to not doing paid work at all.  Kinda like how women/people feel pressure to publicly self-flagellate on the issue of fat unprompted, as if having fat is offensive not only in terms of beauty standards and (sometimes fallacious) health concerns but _morally_.  Like just existing in a fat body in public is something you have to apologize for and work against on par with a violent anger disorder that makes you unable to stop farting at strangers.


I guess try to draw a distinction between the stuff you don't deserve and the stuff you're lucky to have.