My suicidal GF. Big post.Hi guys,

My first post in this section but I really have a hard time dealing with my suicidal GF and I just want to get some insight or advice here.

Me and my GF, I'll call her S here, are 1,5 month together now. I've met her in a crisis institution (this is where suicidal people go, so they can be watched and monitored 24/7.). Yes I've been rock bottom aswel.

We instantly became friends. Then when I got out (after 8-9 days) we got best friends and now we are together. I know her problems better then anyone else does. Even her parents, psychiatrists, the whole lot. (She's a minor, almost 18 and I'm over 18 so I'm an adult).

Those 8-9 days were the only days in my life I've been "taken in". I should've stayed for months but it was clear they were not helping me. They were making me ALOT worse. Turning me insane. It was no help at all! Now she has been on the inside for 1,5-2 years alrdy. She's been in 5-6 different psychiatric hospitals already. No improvement at all. There is hardly any real psychotherapy there. They just keep you busy. Or not. It's all just bullshit if you ask me. It's no real help.

Since the day we got together she was improving big time. She asked to be isolated every single night so she couldn't harm herself. She did still slice her arms instead of attempting suicide. She has ALOT of suicide attempts in her closet. I remember a time she did like 10+ a day...

Also she has severe autism, she doesn't just fit in any "system". Alot of the places they put her, they make her worse. The number of suicide attempts mostly increase when she's inside.

From the 1,5 month we are together she was home for 1 month. No suicide attempts at all. She did slice her arm up bigtime like once a week as an alternative to the real attempts.

Now last week she told me she's suicidal again, but she keeps fighting for ME. Only for ME. I'm the only thing making her a little happy. The only reason she's still alive.

But now.. She told me she didn't have the strength to continue fighting for her life every single day. She asked for help to be taken in again, in a crisis unit (suicide unit). Yet there is no place for a 17yo. Alot of the institutions were she went won't take her back because they can't help her. She's too young to deal with an adult facility (she's been in 2 alrdy as a minor!). She turns 18 in 4 months or so and she really can't go in an adult facility. She has to get better by then.. But that seems to be impossible to me.

Then yesterday all hell broke loose. After spending almost half a year trying to help her, not sleeping, thinking, talking, comforting, everything you can possibly do.. She ran off when she was with me when I turned my back for a second! How can she do this to me? I know it's not my fault but damn it really feels like that! I feel betrayed, lied to, ignored, hurt, ... I instantly started looking for her but couldn't find her... (I did actually started living for her, instead of living my own life, I know it's bad but damn it's just the kind of guy I am.)

Cops were called, she was signaled. After about 1-2hs they found her bleeding from the head. She attempted to kill herself. I knew this would happen at some point. I'm so mad at myself for not keeping her safe enough. For not being able to make her happy enough. For being this powerless. Also, have the past months of wrecking myself and my brain to help her been for NOTHING at ALL?

She went to the ER because they still had to look for a place for her. She was injected with valium at the place of the attempt because she was fighting everyone. Cops, amulance workers, even me, her only reason to live... Or perhaps not? So at the ER they had fixate her in the isolation room. This sight still haunts me, 8 people fighting her, pushing her down just so she could lie there on the bed like a corpse.

Then she had a choice. To go back inside by herself. Or to be "collocated" they call it here. This is done by the cops and the amulance workers. Also justice is going to interfere then.

Obviously the second thing happened. So now I, her parents, no one has a say over her. Only doctors and judges.

I really miss her, I'm constantly worried, overstressed, depressed again (under control though) and I do get suicidal thought myself again, although they leave my mind just as quick as they get in there.

It's so hard! I knew this kind of stuff could happen when I thought about being together with her when I met her. ALOT. But the heart wants what it wants I guess... You don't choose to fall in love. You just do.

She tells me I'm worth fighting for and worth staying alive for.. And now she attempted suicide. How do I even... ?

Well that's about it for now I guess.. This post might be a bit all over the place but I'm exhausted and crying.

Sincerely,

A guys who loves and really needs his GF.

