Just in CaseSo I've been thinking of suicide.

But that's as far as I've gotten.

Just thinking about it.

I'd like to leave this post behind in case I start getting more serious about it.

If it's alright, I'd like to give some of my life story.

I'm asking for permission because to be honest I just found this subreddit, so I'm not sure if I missed a rule about what I can/can't include in my post here. Here's hoping it doesn't get removed.

I'll do my best to not make this post too long, but I might get carried away. If I do, then sorry if I wasted too much of your time.

At the very least I'll do my best to keep my paragraphs short.

I might be going all over the place with this post though.

Let's get started.

I'm a college student and I recently moved into an apartment that's owned by the university.

I'll have to take an extra year if I want to graduate on time, but that's if everything else goes well. I've been telling people that my graduation depends on if everything else goes well for a while now.

I've changed my major twice. I'm taking a summer course to catch up. The last change of my major was done sometime during April or May.

Why am I talking about college? Well, other than asking this subreddit if I could give my life story, I'm also mentioning college because my school life has gotten me to the point where I think I'm going to lose my mind.

Or maybe I've already lost it.

I said I was taking a summer course, but I haven't been wanting to do any of my homework. Summer courses can go by fast too. I tried doing some of the homework, but I had no idea how to do it right.

So I put it off.

The first assignment was due last week, around the time I moved into the apartment. The second is due tomorrow. The course is an online Java programming course.

When I looked at what I was supposed to do for my homework assignments, it seemed simple.

But when I actually tried to do it, I began to realize that I was completely clueless about a lot of things.

I had taken an intro to programming course during the Spring semester, but for some reason I had already forgotten what a lot of the terms that were used meant.

And when I looked them up again, the material didn't stick. Not to mention there was a lot to refresh on.

Struggling with my homework started making me think about how I actually didn't have any useful skills in life. And what was worse was that it felt like I forgot how to think altogether. I didn't know how to problem solve or anything. The only thing I felt like I knew how to do was type words and punctuation marks.

Why is my homework causing such a fuss? Well, normally I wouldn't think of it as such a big deal. After all, the reason I'm putting myself through this in the first place was because part me wanted to.

But that's also part of the problem.

Only part of me wanted to go to college, and only part of me wanted to go to college to work on homework. I made a half-assed decision without knowing what I was getting myself into, and now I can't take it back.

And while the struggle with my inner self is happening, I'm constantly reminded of the fact that thousands of dollars that I never earned on my own are on the line for my education.

I've failed a few courses already, and there hasn't been much improvement despite all that's happened. It's made the relationship between me and my family not so great. But then again it hasn't been so great even before I started going to college.

There's a part of me that wants to be good at a lot of things. One of those things is computer science. I realized this recently.

Before I wanted to be good at psychology.

And before that I wanted to be good at electrical engineering.

But trying to be good at a lot of things can be difficult, especially if those things are multiple branches of the STEM field.

I've also wanted to write books.

And learn foreign languages.

And volunteer to help people.

But I figured school was most important, so I haven't approached any of those other tasks seriously.

Despite all these ambitions though, I'm also actually lazy and a quitter.

Other times I just want to sit back and browse the internet and watch some shows or videos. I could do that for a good chunk of my life. But I don't think I'm allowed to.

When things get tough, I give up.

I might give up on college soon.

Maybe I'll give up on life soon too. Or maybe I already have.

I think I have a bit of an ego. When I think about doing something, I want to be amazing at it. But when I attempt to actually get good, I realize that it takes a lot more work than I think. And then I suddenly don't want to go through the trouble.

I don't ask for help because like I said, I'm a quitter.

If I haven't done everything that I could, then I probably don't deserve the help, in life or in some activity that I'm doing.

I don't know about other people, but for someone like me, it hurts when you don't meet other people's expectations. And I'm starting to think that it hurts the most when you don't meet your own. I start thinking and talking big, and when someone knows about my failure it feels like I've just been exposed as a fraud and that I've let them down.

It's a little different when I'm confident though. When I'm confident I get carried away and start saying and doing whatever I want without a care in the world.

Sometimes things turn out okay when I'm confident.

Sometimes things even turn out better than before.

But society likes to drag you back down to Earth sometimes. If it catches you making a mistake, or even if you do something that seems stupid, it'll give you a hard time.

I don't think there's a rule that says you need to be perfect, but when you're full of flaws, there are plenty of people who will pick at them and make you feel worthless anyway, and they don't even need to be aware of whether they're actually making you feel worthless or not.

Supposedly there are ups and downs in life, but so far going down has gotten a lot easier than going up.

I'm in college for a bunch of reasons, but I'm mainly here because: 1.) people implied that it was good for you, 2.) I wanted the skills to get help people, and 3.) I wanted to get a good job and become independent as soon as possible.

I don't like being a burden to people if I can help it, especially when it comes to my parents. I wouldn't have minded working for a bit so that I could pay for college on my own, but my mom really wanted me to go, so I went and didn't think about the alternatives or consequences of not going. I also thought that if I didn't go to college then, I wouldn't go to college any time later in the future. So I went.

And now I don't get along with my parents anymore.

Actually, I probably don't get along with my whole family anymore.

My brothers call and most of them just end up giving me talks about how the real world works and what I'm doing wrong or what qualities I should have.

Things were fine before I went to college, but ever since my first year, a lot of my life seemed to be going downhill. I got a few bad grades, and as previously stated, I changed my major twice later on.

My stepdad kept telling me that I should consider quitting and that college might not be for me.

That seems like a smart move.

But then he started giving me all these other suggestions.

And I've started to hate the word "maybe".

Maybe I should do this.

Maybe I should do that.

Maybe do some research on this.

Maybe ask people about this.

It's like a softer way of telling me what to do. But it's still a way of telling me what to do.

But my mom really wants me to stay in college. She's very encouraging. When it comes to school.

She talked to me about going to college since elementary school, and she was even the one who got me to decide on my first major: electrical engineering.

I did mention dropping out once. But my stepdad said that I needed a plan. Problem was I didn't have one.

So it seemed like staying in college is a bad idea because I wasn't good at it and I wasn't happy there.

Plus all that money that isn't mine is being spent.

But leaving college without a plan also seems like a bad idea.

So the solution's simple, right?

Start having a plan.

But the problem is neither my stepdad nor my mom considered my ideas to be plans.

And even if I did have a good plan, there's no guarantee that nothing will go wrong.

So they shoot down every single one.

And then I start shooting down my own.

I mentioned to them me moving in with one of my brothers and seeing if I could work with them or at least near them, because being around my parents only reminds me of how ashamed I am for not being a good student and how I feel like I let them down. They didn't like the suggestion.

So what does all this lead to?

It leads to my now possibly messed up personality.

When I was a little kid I could talk to my family with ease.

But now I don't want to talk to them about anything, especially my problems.

When I talk it's as if people are trying to make the conversation their own.

They only talk because they want to say what they want to say.

My opinions mean nothing to them and it gets ignored or rejected.

What's more important is that they say something that makes them sound right or intelligent.

What's more important is that they make themselves feel like they're doing something helpful.

It feels like no one is actually thinking about me, and when they do they're convinced that they already know me and how I feel.

They don't care about how I feel, they only care about how I do things like how I live my life and how I'll benefit others.

And this is why I'm here now.

Everything I say is unimportant.

Everything I do is either unnecessary or not good enough.

But I don't always talk for people to agree with me.

And I don't always do things to satisfy other people.

But I also don't think I need to associate myself with people who drag me down.

And so I got away from them.

And now I'm alone.

But I'm actually okay with that.

Being alone feels nice.

But even when I'm alone, I know I can only be alone because I'm living off of someone else's expenses.

I only managed to move into an apartment because my parents are willing to pay the rent while I'm in school, and they're believing that I'm diligently studying to face against the odds and come out as a person with a better future.

Except I'm not studying.

And there's no guarantee that my future will be better, even if I do make it out of college.

I might not even have a future soon.

I haven't spoken about my problems in a while.

But thanks to the internet, even if my opinions about my problems are rejected, it'll be by people who I don't actually know.

And they won't know me.

So that's why I decided to submit my post here.

I feel trapped, as if I'm some kind of caged bird, and if I break free, I'll just end up being inside another one. And this will keep happening. Again and again.

I've been suggested to just do what I want since it's my life and that I should care less about what other people say/think/feel, but I'm constantly afraid of just that.

I don't like seeing other people get hurt, especially if I'm the one who caused it.

It's worse when they take that pain out on me. I can't even call it abusive.

And because I haven't talked about my problems with anyone else, it's put me in this predicament.

It's been a week since I moved into the apartment, and I'm already considering dropping out for real.

But I still don't have a plan.

Since my parents just helped me move in, they'll probably give me a hard time if they have to move me back to their house again. 

I say their house because I never really thought of their house as my home.

After all I don't deserve it.

I'm still a child.

The world is telling me to grow up.

I couldn't grow up.

So I pretended to act like I was.

I pretended to be someone who I thought was strong and had a single, specific goal.

But I want a lot of things.

But I also can't have those things.

Because I have to rely on other people like my parents.

But that's why no one knew how I really was.

In a world where adults tell you to suck it up, I'm convinced that talking about my problems does not help me and that it could even make things worse.

In the end solving my own problems depends on me, but as long as I have to rely on people while they reject my opinions, I don't think I'll ever be happy.

My problems are nothing compared to what a lot of other people have gone through, I'm sure.

But that's why I haven't talked to anyone yet.

Because I know this is just the equivalent of a child throwing a tantrum for not getting what he wants.

Because he feels like people are being mean to him and he doesn't want to deal with it, so he's taking it out on some online post.

Regardless, if you managed to read this far, I greatly appreciate it. Even if I don't ever actually talk to anyone about these feelings of mine later on, it's nice to get it off my chest.

I don't think my circumstances will get better though.

Even after typing all of this and probably making it seem like one big drama session, I'm still considering suicide.

I'm tired of disappointing people.

And I'm tired of disappointing myself.

So if I do go through with it.

Just in case.

For better or for worse, it was fun.

tl;dr - I'm thinking about suicide. This might be the only time I open up to people about how I've felt.