CurrentlyI need to write everything down; I hope that it is okay to do it here. So, on Wednesday morning, it finally felt like life had settled down for a moment. I was busy, but it felt good, and it kept my mind off of too much anxiety or suicidal ideation. Of course, that couldn't last for long. That evening, my school sent out an opportunity letter to all students concerning auditions for the local boys school's production (the female roles). From then on, my life became unbearable again.

I desperately wanted to be in it, but I knew I did not have the time to invest unless I was a significant role (I didn't want to dedicate months to just being in the ensemble. I am alright at acting, but not necessarily suited for that part; however, after a couple panic attacks, I finally had the courage to write down my name the next morning.

On Thursday, everything was once again settling down in a way. I planned to find a monologue that night and start practicing for next week. Once again, however, I began to panic because my classmate insisted that the role involved singing. Everything felt hopeless again. I couldn't catch a break. And so, another panic attack ensued.

That night was even worse though. On the list, many more girls had suddenly also signed up for the main role; one, particularly, is not only an amazing actor, but also absolutely perfect for that part. I was so weak and filled with anxiety that I cried and hyperventilated for an hour when I saw her name. I knew I had no shot at all, which I guess I knew all along. This just confirmed it.

I suppose the whole time, the reason why I was so upset was because of how badly I wanted to be in this production. I want to become a better actress, I want to make friends, I want to experience the satisfaction of putting on an amazing play. And what hurt is that I knew from the start that I would never get that. I have not a chance in the world, and that makes me so distraught. I know that I am weak and pathetic for getting worked up over this, but it has consumed my life. Just this little issue and I'm feeling waves of suicidal thoughts, anxiety and depression, worse than before.

I think I will just cross my name off the list before it's too late. Everyone knows it's pointless for me to go for that role. Even my friend told me that.