I am completely done.I am a 15 year old girl &amp; I’m done with life. I know everyone’s going to read this post &amp; think about how silly my problems are &amp; how I’ll look back &amp; see that I was being stupid. Or they’ll put it down to puberty (which it is not as I hit puberty at 8 which ruined everything). 

 4 years ago, I saved up money for months to buy myself a  designer cardigan which I desperately wanted, when I bought it (already at a 15 years size) I found that I was too fat for it, I decided to lose weight to fit into it. This added with how much I hated my body since the age of 8 soon lead to bulimia &amp; of course I had to end up being one of those rare bulimics who never ever lose weight. I fully recovered about 3 months ago &amp; I hate myself, I couldn’t even have an eating disorder right. 3 weeks ago my mother walks into my room wearing that very cardigan, that she, at the age of 30 after having 5 children can fit into, yet I can’t. 

My mother had me at 15, my grandma basically raised me &amp; my mother has only ever told me how useless I am, she’s never proud of me but she adores my siblings, she doesn’t ever care where I am or what i’m doing.

I have no skills &amp; no talents, my IQ is 140 but it’s wasted on me, I have no motivation to do anything, even if I want to do well in something or try to do something differently 
I can never bring myself to do it. I’m a mess.

I am fat (BMI 29), I am incredibly ugly &amp; I don’t even have nice hair. I have deficiencies in basically everything because I still have very restrictive eating habits &amp; I never feel well. My fashion sense is good but yet again wasted because I am borderline obese &amp; everything looks disgusting on me. I look in the mirror &amp; I want to cry. 

I have ‘friends’ who are popular but no one actually likes me, they just like my friends, who use me &amp; they claim to care about my feelings but they don’t. My other friends at my tiny school are sheltered &amp; don’t understand anything, like how I didn’t get everything I wanted for Christmas yet their little 10 year old sisters get MacBooks &amp; iPhone X’s. 

I moved to this country when I was 4 years old &amp; even though everyone assumes I’m British, I don’t have a citizenship &amp; will likely never get one because of the price. Everyone also freely tells me how much they hate immigrants &amp; how they ruin everything, I could get deported once Brexit happens for all I know.

I was going to commit suicide on the night of my 14th birthday (I spent ages taking pills out of those packets) but then I got a pet puppy who loves me &amp; depends on me but recently i’ve realised that anyone in the family can care for him. I’m not that special.

TL;DR: My life is awful and not worth living

So, I don’t expect any replies &amp; this was very long (I apologise) but yeah I want to kill myself &amp; have felt like this every single day for many years.