I guess that's it fellas. I'm out.It's been far too long already, I'm done. You know that Futurama meme, Prof Farnsworth's quote "I don't want to live on this planet anymore?" Me all over. I'm done, I've had it, I'm through with this place. People in the grossest sense are animals. Worse actually, they're animals with the capability of being human, which would be cripplingly hilarious if it wasn't utterly disgusting. I've had it with the human race, and I want no more part of it. Governments are either evil, through either intentional malice or unintentional apathy and incompetence. Religions are misleading and damaging, again either through intentional malice or through blindly stupid faith. Really, I can't point to a single institution of man that is even remotely admirable. Even most charities that I know of probably do about as much damage as good, a sort of unintentional new age colonialism. Kill 'em with good intentions and all. And that's the best of them, the rest are either crass profiteers or ideologues with corrupt agendas. Again, I want no part of it. The only reason I've stayed around as long as I have is because the individual human, though almost always disappointing, can be delightfully amazing. Really, the most wonderful thing in the universe. But such people are too few. Example; there was a study done, on the prisoner's dilemma. Using computer software, right as computers started to be used on such things. It demonstrated that as long as there are too few "altruistic" programs in the population (i.e. programs that would never, or rarely, defect), then the few altruistic programs that were out there would inevitably always lose out. It's a pretty good match for the world we live in today, the overwhelming majority are non-altruistic. They're probably also non-malicious, or at least not intentionally so, but there are plenty who are and those that are not are just as bad through their own apathy.

So, I'm signing off. I'm done, I'm out, I quit. I don't want anything more to do with this planet, this race, nothing. I've been on reddit for a while now, never submitted to this sub before. Reddit is actually another good microcosm of the human condition, with regular admirable acts of charity and benevolence (and subs like this one) coupled with the typical torch and pitchfork behavior of any mob. It's really hilariously depressing. Anywho, there aren't many people who I care about in a personal sense (that is to say, that I value any more than any other sentient being) and the few that there are will probably get a much more personalized note about my impending death. I don't know why I'm posting here, I don't want help because there is no help for me. Unless you can fundamentally alter human behavior. No? I thought not. So this is just me, saying goodbye I guess.