Hey guys I've already made my decisionNot sure why I've decided to write this out. All I'll be doing is burdening and providing sorrow to those who've seen this. There's really nothing you can say. I'm going to fucking blow my brains out after I've submitted this. I no longer see value in my life. I've become comfortable with it. If I kill myself, so what? I'll have only earned the sympathy of the few redditors who will read this and forget about this tomorrow. Nobody cares.

I'm quite suprised I've gone this long. How have I not realized it? What have I been telling myself? How did I fool myself for so long. I must have ignored it.

Im useless in this world. Utterly fucking useless, my god. By god. I'm a university dropout and an unsociable loser. Those are the only traits I can own up to. I actually feel bad for writing this distributing my shitty attitude amongst you.

I've no clue why I feel this way. I've no clue why I feel anything. I'll doubt I'll find and answer before I pull the trigger of this shotgun lmao. Holy shit I'm sad.

If somebody cared about me would I feel different? Yeah probably. I probably wouldn't​ kill myself so they wouldn't feel bad. But damn I don't even have that. I've no safety net here. I'm free to live and I'm free to die, and looks like I've made my choice. I'm tired of living. I'm tired of disappointing people I meet. I'm tired of giving a fuck about what people think about me. It's so exhausting. I'm so fucking sick of it. I hate it, I hate myself. I hate that I can't change myself. I've tried. I've tried so hard. If I could change myself, I would have fucking killed myself. But here I am.

Yeah if you're content with where you are and who you are, color me fucking jealous. I'd love to feel what's that's like. I'd love to be satisfied with myself and my accomplishmens. Please savor that. Savor the fact you aren't a hopeless piece of shit like me, writing out to a suicide subreddit in the final moments of your life. I'm getting tired if even writing this, the final cathartic moment I'll experience. 

I hope there's an aftelife or something, I hope it isn't just darkness. But I can rest assured that whatever I'm subjected to after I extinguish my consciousness here, that I'll suffer less that what I am now. Later!