Sinking FeelingMy girlfriend left me. 

I'd always felt like a waste. I had gotten expelled back in middle school and that's when I first tried to take my own life. I couldn't swallow pills easily and ended up not taking anywhere near enough to hurt myself. I wailed and smacked my head against the floor which finally made me unconscious. No one knew, except my brother who had found the note I left. A page of scrabbling I shoved under the couch I wanted to die on.

Highschool was an odd time. I'd spent most of it eating lunch alone in the stairwells. I was a horrible student with no motivation. Every week I wanted to just die. I got arrested while being a menace with my only friend. His parents forbade him from seeing me, and I became truly alone.

I tried breaking out, joined the schools football and rugby team. I went from being denied in my freshman year to starter in senior and junior. I don't talk to anyone on those teams anymore. I never went to the parties, and except for an athletic award, there's no way for me to remember those years. No one ever took a picture of me.My parents never came to game. 

I became cynical. I faked who I was and played the cool cat. Feel into drugs. Drove drunk and high more times than I care to admit. I'd drive my fathers motorcycle at near 200km/h on hilly roads out in the countryside, with  no regard for myself or others. I'd sometimes close my eyes and hope that I'd be veering off course. I couldn't do it.

I'd break down crying pretty often. Just randomly while doing things. I couldn't explain it. Sometimes I'd look in the mirror and notice myself frowning intensely and tearing up. It hurt in a way I can't describe and couldn't feel. 

University rolled around. I was getting high everyday, or every other day. I failed out of my program after the first semester. 

Ah, this is all side garbage. My current girlfriend, or ex.. she was introduced to me through a friend. She'd have him up in her room, late at night. Her floormates would tease her about locked her door all the time. That friend told me they'd bang.

I'd begun to lose weight. I went from 235 to my current 170 over these past few year. I'd think love from someone would mean something. She yelled at him publically, telling me, who she confided in, (she actually had never once asked me about my life, or how I was feeling. She just used me to talk to and get to him)

Awh man, fuck this