Someone please, please help. I'm absolutely desperate.i'm 14 years old, have mild autism, high functioning autism, formerly called asperger's syndrome. i'm a high school freshman, and i didn't even get through 3 weeks of it, without going crazy and literally trying to slit my wrists at school. trust me, i'm not one of those emo fags. i actually went mad. everyone was fucking looking at me, and i broke down crying, i had to be sent to the hospital, it was horrible and humiliating. my whole situation started in about 5th grade, when i realized - i'm not a little kid anymore. boys were looking at me funny, i was getting weird feelings - i was fuckin scared. i was already abnormal in 2nd through 4th grade, i thought that every kid that age was hyper, weird, and shit. but not all of them bit people's necks. i was convinced i was a vampire. cringeworthy? yes. in 2nd grade, my teacher sent a note home stapled to my chest stating that i had cut my hair at school, and there was also a bag attached to it, with a small amount of hair. that's when my parents started getting concerned, but i thought it was things all kids did. i was diagnosed with ADHD, which was just a filler, until 5th grade, when they actually knew it was autism. i was acting like i acted in 4th grade, when i first stepped into that damn school. washington gifted middle school, for the smart fuckers. had they knew i had autism, they would've never let me in. i was running around the class, acting like a fucking child, everyone was looking at me, and they said things like "what are you doing?" "you're weird" "stop it, grace" "you're not funny" and they started to really get to me, and hurt me. i was slowly realizing that i couldn't be like i formerly was. i was getting depressed, and shit. the kids started being mean to me. "why are you here?" "this school is for the smart kids" "how did you get in here?" and i asked my mom if kids are like that to everyone - she gave me the whole speech, kids are mean, they're insecure, they're like that all the time, and all that. i felt better, i love my mom so much to this day. the teachers were criticizing me, but i didn't realize that they weren't. they were actually trying to help. it just wasn't obvious, because they were really strict. the kids were the mean ones, i couldn't blame the teachers, but i did anyways. here's the bad part - i started getting into the emo stuff, the scene stuff. i cut my hair the way all the girls did, i was doing things to get attention... it was horrible. this was in 6th grade, and everyone started hating me even more. i met this girl sidney, and we became instant friends since i knew her from kindergarten through 1st grade, at the weird rich school i went to before i moved. we were really happy, and she became friends with my kinda-friends, and i was in some sort of clique - except, it was a huge weeaboo clique. they all watched some anime called hetalia. they all pretended to be characters from the show, and it was really really bad. i told them i watched it, so they would include me more. i understood none of the jokes, none of the references, and i completely broke down. sidney started having a friendship with two girls named amber and darwin. darwin had short blue hair, and really shy and quiet and usually had amber to guide her around. amber was short, a bit thick (ayy lmao) and she was a ginger. i didn't like her having friendships with other people besides me and the girls in our little "circle" so i started making ginger jokes in the group chat. i could tell that she was slowly getting agitated, but i didn't want to stop. i wanted to express my hatred towards those other girls. and then i told this bullshit story about how they bullied me in elementary school, and how they tormented me, and all that crap. sidney confronted them about this, and they both immediately argued, with actual points in their arguement. darwin didn't even go to my elementary school, and amber wasn't in any of my classes. sidney was super pissed, but didn't say anything to me, and wanted to keep her knowledge in secret. but the next time i started making ginger jokes in the group chat, she went off on me. telling me all the shit i've done in the time she's known me that made her uncomfortable, and accusing me of being a lesbian because of my devoted weird friendship towards her. that was the first time i was actually, genuinely, depressed. that's where everything fucking started. i became completely disgusted with the way i've acted since as long as i could remember, and that was the first time i cut because i wanted to feel better. i sliced my wrists, my thighs, my calves, my ankles, my stomach, fucking everywhere. i wasn't bleeding, i just had the satisfaction. i lied down for about 30 minutes until my mom came home and yelled in my ear for another hour. i was hurting, i missed sidney. she was the first friend that actually understood me, and had my humor. she didn't judge me until i got too attached. my parents were disappointed in me, and that made me feel like absolute horse shit. tldr, i met a girl, she thought i was a lesbian because i admired my friendship with her, i became emo as fuck. after that whole incident, i was so depressed my grades started to drop. i thought i wasn't smart enough for that school, and this was still in 6th grade - i was too fucking young to be feeling these types of feelings. then, i stopped homework, cried in class, everyone thought i was a psycho, we switched schools for 7th grade. now, i knew this was a chance for a fresh start. i wanted to seem lively, and like all the other kids. i didn't want to seem weird, yet that's how i came across. lindbergh middle school maybe was the death of me. i honestly wanted to seem quirky and interesting so i would get more friends, but not too weird. i wasn't successful. i came off as a huge weeb, with my hetalia wristbands, unshaved legs, dark circles, and recently, kpop. i wanted to be asian. i still do sometimes. i met a girl named ellie. she was exactly like sidney, except for a lot of things lmao. she had epilepsy, and she flipped her wristbands over so no one could see, but i saw. i wanted to make her feel better, to be able to relate. so, i made up a lie and said i had schizophrenia. things were teeter-totter after that. her friends stopped believing me and tried to prod me away from her, thought i was bad news. me and ellie had tons of inside jokes, and one time i actually pissed my pants in the winter, outside school, because she simply made a funny ass face. i immediately made up an excuse, said it was my schizophrenia. then i started blaming my weirdness on the schizophrenia each time i did something wacky. it was getting way out of hand, i knew i needed to stop, but i was getting addicted for people feeling bad for me, because i never got sympathy from anyone besides my parents. i knew i needed to stop, and i needed to get out of that school where all the drama was. i pretended to have a huge incident, i went in the corner of the bathroom, and started scratching up my legs, making people think i was possessed or some shit. then shit hit the fan, and i got into it. i was actually doing it. i wasnt trying to get attention, i started doing it for my own benefit. the hurt felt good. made the emotional hurting seem like it was nothing. they fucking called the paramedics, and three cops. my mom's a lawyer, so she got them to go away. still unbelievable how she got them to go away, i was crazy. i was excused from school for the rest of the year. there was only 2 weeks left, anyways. heres when the real me comes in. that summer, i started getting into tumblr shit, 4chan, memes (the good ones not the troll face shit ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)) and i started discovering who i was. i went into 8th grade very quiet, trying not to disturb anyone, everyone looked at me like "wow, she changed" yet into the school year i started getting a little cocky. i met people with my humor, we caused trouble, it was a complete wreck. my mom was getting phone calls every 2 days. "grace hit the teacher" "grace kicked a boy in his testicles" "grace put a boy in a headlock please come pick her up" it was madness. then another incident happened, i completely forgot what it was, but it was enough to get me kicked out. that summer, i got even more into social justice, lgbt rights, and all tumblr. my mom started questioning me. "are you ready to go into high school?" "are you going to carve your wrists in the bathroom again?" "i don't want calls every day, grace" and i kept assuring her that it was all going to be okay, when i really wasn't sure myself. anywho, i went into that school, 80 degrees, wearing pants and 2 sweatshirts. the teachers were concerned, asked if i was hot, if i needed to take my jackets off. oh, another detail. i became super fucking insecure about my body. i was fat, since the end of 6th grade. gained about i don't know, 10 pounds? and i thought everyone was looking at me, so i kept my flab in secret. now back to high school - i didn't wear shorts, tank tops, short sleeves, anything that showed my real weight. i constantly wore baggy clothes. i still do, when i go out in public. i started doing the same things i did back in 6th grade, making excuses. "that's due in a week" "we're doing that in class" "i finished that already" and my mom knew. she just didn't stop me, because she is amazing, and she believes in me. i cut again in my science class. only one wrist. i came home, and my mom was so disappointed in me. "promise me you won't do that again - please?" and i tried to comply. but the next day, i did it again. and this time, they caught me. i was brought to the office, but i ran out, like a fucking maniac. i continued it really deep, and the police had to restrain me from doing it more. i am now sitting at home, haven't had a shower for about 3 fucking weeks, haven't gone to richwoods high school in 4 fucking weeks, in bed, doing computer shit, and being absolutely unproductive. my parents think they found an alternative school for me to go to, but i'm not even sure if that'll work out for me, and it probably fucking won't. i cry every hour, probably - thinking about what a failure i've become. my parents want to comfort me, but it doesnt work. my sister wants to comfort me, it never fucking works. i'm running out of options. all i really want to do right now is end all of this. compared to many other people's situations, this might seem like heaven. but this is my own suffering, and i'm too young to be wanting to actually commit suicide. what the fuck do i do. i want to die. help me, if you can.