My ex has already planned a suicide day, and I have to convince her not to... Help?She is a very beautiful girl, junior in high school at the moment, planning on committing suicide in January of next year; "just one last happy Christmas with the family at least."

We broke up in August after first dating 3 years ago and then were a bit on/off but then stayed together for over a year in a row until she decided to break up. We are of different religions and that tension of not knowing what will happen in the future played a part, but long story short... I cannot be responsible of someone committing suicide because of me. 

She loved me and saw me as Mr. Perfect, but over time after the breakup she realised "nobody is like [me]"; but in reality she had just moved on and the guy used her. I have to convince her that there is plenty to live for (got offered multiple soccer scholarships, her grades are only getting higher...) and that she shouldn't kill herself. Although I know I'm not the only reason she might kill herself, I cannot live with myself if she does that and I would succumb into a horrible multi year depression probably.

We have started talking again recently as she misses talking to me, but although I want to move on and forget about her, I still care about her and at least need to make sure she wouldn't kill herself. She would never call a helpline and rather resorts to the blade for comfort. 

Maybe she's bluffing? She'll change her mind? Idk, but even if this is kinda selfish... I just want her to live so that I can too. I will not be able to function properly if she kills herself. I've been talking to her regularly and doing things just for her to make her happy (hugs for example) but although it's tearing me apart I want to help.

Don't misinterpret this though, she would never get back with me and has admitted it; this isn't an attempt to get back with me as she was the one who asked for the breakup.

I've tried just talking her out of it, telling her to call a helpline or see a therapist, tried a lot... But I don't what to do, nothing works. Most of the time she's pretending to be happy and at school she's always laughing but when I talk to her alone she's very depressive. She doesn't like to talk about the subject of suicide and says "I already have it planned out and don't wanna talk about it", and wants this year to just make the most out of it... (Example, making as much money as possible from work to donate it before she suicides).

**TL;DR**: My beautiful, athletic ex is planning to kill herself following next Christmas and I don't want to be responsible in any way. I have to stop her. 

Any help is appreciated. Thank you.