StrugglingI've been thinking about ending my life for a long time. Nothing is going well for me and hasn't been for the last ten years or so. Most of my relationships have failed and I have no one except my dad: Mother left and remarried and went no contact, Sister stole shit from me - no contact, brother told his whole social circle the time I visited a sex worker in our trip to Amsterdam and I got scammed as she said I had a "small penis" to take my money and get rid of me so I don' talk to him anymore even though he lives with me. My ex compared my penis (and baby daddy) to her ex's fucking huge dick which she struggled to take which was the cause of a few arguments and ultimately ended us. My penis has come up a lot for some reason in my relationships and has severely hurt my confidence to the point I actually injured myself trying to make it bigger.

I'm 31. I still live with my dad. I earn a decent wage in UK - 26,000. I can't afford anywhere to live and I'm stuck with my dad in a tiny cupboard bedroom for now. I'm angry I was brought into this world just to sit at a desk for 8 hours a day I hate every minute i'm at work. I know I should feel lucky to have a job but holy fuck it's shit sitting at a desk for 8 hours I feel like I'm wasting my life. Coronavirus was a fucking blessing to me, I've had months to work from home and increase my quality of life but I have to go back to the office next week full time for some reason. I'm a software developer and I just don't understand why I need to go back and there's no reasoning with my boss.

I'm so sorry I'm ranting. I need someone to talk to, I feel completely stuck and I'm just so fed up. I don't have any friends and I have severe social anxiety. When I open my mouth to speak I get so nervous and most of the time I hesitate saying anything and people must think I'm so weird. I'm not having a good time with life and I know I need help but I don't know how to get it. I tried counselling but it's just garbage and I feel like my only way out is to end it and get out of this absolute mess we call life. Please, with just these 3 paragraphs of my situation - can someone offer me some sort of advice? Actually fuck it, if anyones in the London area i'd even be up for a drink.