My mom has breast cancer and now I feel like I can't kill myself despite wanting toHer prognosis is exceptionally good, they found it in it's early stages, but she still needs chemo and the whole nine yards. I had been suicidal for a long time before this, it has been steadily getting worse lately. I don't have a job, I usually like to make art but I can't bring myself to make any. Everything feels so tedious and pointless. I've been through all of this before, I've tried medication and therapy but nothing works for long. I did have a good long run with medication that worked and a good therapist; it worked until it didn't. Then the medication stopped being effective, then I lost my job, then I gained 30 pounds, then I got close to attempting, but was interrupted. I guess I'm lucky because I do have people who care about me, and the only reason I haven't attempted is because I'm really afraid of traumatizing them by them finding my corpse, but I also don't want to traumatize a total stranger either. I'm also afraid of how expensive funerals are and it just feels shitty that I can't just poof from existence. That being said, I do keep something hidden in my closet that I could use. It feels almost like a safety blanket, knowing it's there and an option sometimes makes me feel better. But it would be really shitty if my husband came home to my smelly corpse. 

This was all present before my mother's diagnosis. I went with her to her first chemo treatment and have been holding it together pretty much for her. She knows I've been suicidal, but I don't think she's aware that it's an ongoing thing, and there's absolutely no way in hell I'd tell her now. I feel like I have to keep going until she's in remission because I don't want my death to stress her out and risk her recovery. My family needs her, she's like the keystone holding everything together. I don't know why I'm writing any of this out, maybe I just want to vent somewhere that no one will force me to go to a hospital or knows me personally who will be upset by it. I just don't want to be alive anymore. I'm so tired of it, it feels so exhausting all the time. I've had so many interviews that went nowhere that eventually I sort of gave up, and now I think the gap in my resume is looking too big. I also got tired of recruiters posting fake job ads and all the garbage that comes with them. I'm just really, really tired and I sort of just want to go to sleep forever.