How do you defend trying to convince people to endure such a painful existence when they have no desire to?I've casually read this sub for years hoping to come across something that will make me want to continue this nightmare, but if anything it's only made things worse. As far as I can tell the only universally agreed upon reasons why someone shouldn't kill themselves is that it would be traumatising for their family and friends, and that maybe, just maybe, they will one day be happy. 

Staying alive just to not hurt someone is a fucking awful reason, and should never be said to a suicidal person, though this is admittedly the only reason why I'm still here. Principally I'm against using this as a reason, but for emotional reasons I haven't managed to do that to my family yet. The other reason doesn't make any sense to me either. Sure, many people want to try and push through the agony in the hopes that they will one day be happy, but for me it's not worth it. I don't deny that my depression can be treated or even "cured", but it's not like that's going to happen overnight. Even if I do eventually reach a point where I consider life to be worth living, I'm not going to reach that point for another couple of excruciatingly painful years at the very least. So personally, I consider death my best option. I'm not looking for happiness anymore. I want out. 

But even still, you people don't give a damn. You're so hung up on the idea that life is precious and that suicide is wrong that you won't even for a second reconsider wether your stance on the issue is right. I've tried so hard to see things from your perspective, but nothing makes me want to continue. The only thing I get out of talking to people about being suicidal is the feeling that no one understands what's it's like to stand where I do. It doesn't even feel like people are trying to understand. It's like I'm being tortured with no guaranteed way to escape and I have a cyanide capsule resting in my mouth, but all around me there are people standing shouting "No you can't do that because it's wrong. You have to endure the pain even though you don't know wether it'll ever get better."

I'm not asking how you defend helping suicidal people in general. To a certain extent I respect this community greatly because I know there are a lot of people here who actually want to improve their lives. But in cases like mine, where I want nothing other than release, how can you keep rejecting my cry with such confidence? How can you still feel like you're doing the right thing when you only make me feel more alone and misunderstood?

The idea of taking your own life when you have an excruciatingly painful physical disease is becoming more and more accepted around the world, but for a community that understands that mental illness is as real as physical illnesses you're surprisingly adamant in your rejection of suicide when there are no physical illnesses in play.

Please don't ask me why I'm depressed or if I need to talk. I just want to know why you're all so set on the idea that life is *always* worth living. 