I feel trapped.. stuckI have questioned my existence since I was a child. I was told that I was suppose to have a twin brother, but my mom miscarried. I grew up with with all boys.. I could never get along with them because I was a girl and shouldn’t play the way they do. I always felt like I never belonged, I felt outcasted. I also had trouble in school. Girls didn’t like me and I would get bullied. so not only did I not belong at home, but I also didn’t belong outside of my home. because of this i always wondered how life would be like if my twin brother had lived and not me. maybe my life would be better if I was a boy. why did I have to survive and not my twin? those thoughts always occurred to me when I was young.

I’m an “adult” now. I use quotations because I don’t feel like I’ve really adulted.. I haven’t thought of my twin brother in years. now I don’t just question my existence, I think about not wanting to live anymore. I have anxiety and depression and I do see a therapist. but not even my therapist knows about me not wanting to live anymore. I wish it was easy to just not live anymore. I hate my life. I have social anxiety so I literally have no friends. I am alway angry at the world, at my family; so I come off like an asshole. There’s no point in living. My life does not matter in this world. I don’t have a purpose. 

school is the only thing I have or had. I love learning but my social anxiety always gets in the way. I am anxious everyday, I don’t have great communication skills so interacting with people takes a lot out of me. I have been going through a lot these past few months and my love for school has been going away. I don’t want to go to school anymore, but I feel like I have to because it’s the only thing I know. I’ve taken this quarter off and the thought of going back to school scares me but I feel like I have to even though I don’t really want to. I worry about the fact that I don’t have the desire to go to school. going to school to pursue a career later was the only thing that made me believe I had a purpose in life, but now I don’t have that. I don’t care for it anymore. 

I don’t think I could ever kill myself. I think my anxiety prevents me from that, I over think things and could never get anything done. when I think about not wanting to live, I think about hurting my mom. I have nieces who look up to me and the thought of hurting them too prevents me from doing so. but I want to stop living so badly. I feel like it would be easier. I wouldn’t have to deal with anything anymore. 

I started self harming about a year ago. I do it because it creates a distraction for me. I am constantly in my own head and when I hurt myself, all I think about is the wound. I stops me from thinking about what whatever shitty thing that was in my head the entire day. whenever I think about not wanting to live, I crave so much to self harm. 

I have never actually attempted to kill myself but I have thought of ways. I thought of drowning in the bath tub, leaving the car on with the garage door closed, jumping off building, or purposely getting into a car accident. Just recently though, I think I may have sort of attempted. something happened and I was crying hysterically. I was crying so much that I was congested. I couldn’t breath out of my nose anymore so I was breathing through my mouth. It then occurred to me that I could just stop breathing all together.. so I tried. I kept crying and crying and holding my breath. at that moment I felt like if I did it I wouldn’t feel guilty for hurting my mom and nieces, but someone was there when I did that and they were yelling at me to stop. so I did. 

I feel trapped because I don’t want to do anything anymore. I don’t want to live anymore but I know I am not going to do anything about it. I’m stuck living a life I don’t want to live. Right now I’m alone in my apartment. there’s no food in the fridge, but I don’t feel like getting out to get something. when I’m depressed I don’t care to eat or go anywhere. 

I don’t know what to do anymore.