I could only life my life in service of others. But now there is no-one else. And, soon, there will not even be me.I spent the entirety of my childhood as a soldier for a cause I no longer support.

Ever since I was 10 years old, I was deep into politics. I was motivated greatly by my desire to change the world -- and, in retrospect, it was the only thing that ever made life livable for me. I regularly told people that "if it wasn't for \[my ideology\], I would be dead."

At 13, I found a group through the internet that supported my vision. A group that shared all the same rhetoric and lines of thinking. These people, I thought, were our only chance at a better world... or, at least, our only chance in my lifetime.

I quickly became its most rabid supporter and did things in support for it that I care not to elaborate, let alone try to rationalize. I became a chronic liar (as my ideological peers were fringe and my association with them was/is dangerous). I became a repeat thief. I became harsh and abusive towards those I loved. I ran away from home and put those I loved in extreme danger. And I would have even gone far further, too... if only I had been given the order.

I lost all of my friends. I lost my most cherished lovers. I lost much of my family, too.

The only way I got out of this nasty cult was by seeing it in person.

I left home at 18 to join them. I had nothing. I had to sleep in a house with six people and ate basically dirt. I worked so hard for them that I never even found time to get a job, let alone learn how to drive. By two months, I had lost almost 15 pounds and was on the verge of a complete mental breakdown.

It didn't take me long to find out that their words of praise from a distance were only pretenses to exploit me. After five years of diehard support... I quit. I ran away from them, spinning the lie that my father had passed away and my family needed help. It was the only way to get out; they would have abused me far harder if I told them the truth.

Fortunately they aren't a strong enough group to find me and harm me now, so at least I'm safe. But I can't undo what I've done in service of what I was so convinced was right.

I miss my friends. I miss my girlfriend. I miss... everybody. I want them back, but I know they will not take me.

All I have left is my mother and my father, both of whom I can only describe as emotionally abusive in the most subtle of ways (particularly my father, who will decimate your soul through a thousand cuts). I would surely regret telling them my true feelings -- I would surely regret asking for help.

I don't trust a hotline for... reasons.

I can't afford medical care.

And, now, I have no purpose.

I'm not emotionally motivated to kill myself. I'm not crying and sobbing as I write this letter. I'm weighing out the options with sobriety. And the fact is, I just don't want to try again. The consequences for my actions are too great and I am too weak to overcome them. I spent the last 6 years making endless sacrifice. I can't sacrifice anymore -- not even for myself.

Currently, I'm considering writing out my suicide note, producing a lethal dose of cyanide, buying a hotel room with the little money I have left, consuming the cyanide, and pulling the covers over my head. It's certainly elaborate and not perfect but, if anything, I have the paitence to do it.

And, my friends, I do wish to apologize in advance. I didn't come here for support; I don't think you'll be able to help me.

I just wanted to pen my thoughts and present them to others so I could break the paralysis and accomplish my final tasks.

TL;DR: I joined a cult, left it, and don't want to try again.