Holding on to nothingI feel completely alone. I've lived with a girl for 2 years who has completely refused to acknowledge that mental illness exists, despite her own struggles. I can barely talk to her anymore. She's completely abusive both verbally and mentally to me, making me feel lower then I could ever imagine, lower then I've ever been before. Yet I'm unable to leave, unable to imagine a life by myself. 

I feel like the only reason I'm still alive is that I don't want to put my family through the pain of my passing. My mother has extreme depression and I've walked in on her suicide attempts, covered the cuts on her wrist while bringing her to the hospital, visited her for 6 months of any given year in the hospital and sat through weeks of recovery from ECT treatments and 15 years of depression drugs. I don't want that. I don't want anything near that. I feel like me killing myself would destroy her, and my family, but I want to. I know that that is the most selfish thing but I want it so badly. I don't want to wake up tomorrow. 

I've never felt this low and I've never felt this alone. I went to a doctor and tried to tell her that I was depressed but I don't want to live the life my mom does. She's literally a child now. She loves glitter and crafts and simple things, the years of drugs have fried her into a semi happy person but one that is so far from what she was that it's like a comedic clone of her. I don't want that. I don't want anything, I can't imagine anything. I can't imagine being alive in a year. 

I drive a lot and it takes everything I can to not drive off the road. It consumes my mind, it's all I can think about. I don't have guns in canada or access to pills, but I've stood on roof tops and just pictured how easy it would be to take that step. I want it so badly. I want so badly to just press a button and have me not exist. I want to choose to have never been here. I'm not a bad person; in fact I'm a pretty great person who cares so much for others and has achieved good things but I've been so utterly destroyed by this relationship and my past that I just have no motivation to change. I know the advice is to leave, start over, surround myself with things I love and people who care, I know the answers I just have no desire or motivation to do it. I've never said a word about this in 10 years, but it keeps building. I know the next step is coming. I know it's escalating and I know it's wrong to want it. I want it so bad. 

I want the easy way out. 