How do you try to get someone to understand that you felt bad enough to wanted to commit suicide and that you potentially hurt yourself when they won't take you seriously?Years ago, I had a terrible time in life and made a half-ass attempt to commit suicide. I know that some people will say that there are no half-ass attempts, but I disagree, because its kind of hard to die in your own home to household items without suffering for extended periods of time. Most people don't want to experience a long and painful death by household item. They just want to stop hurting. I don't really want to talk about what I did... but I want to communicate that I really did want to die enough to try it.
 
I have tried to bring this up with my spouse by telling him that I was so depressed that I didn't want to live, but he has his own problems and just brushes me off like I am just saying it for the fuck of it.  HE has tried to commit suicide himself (among other things) and it turned our fucking lives completely upside down!!! 

I think I have aspergers and I want to get help with it badly... but the shitty truth is that I don't see any reasonable way to address that problem that I haven't already tried my hardest to do besides talking to an actual professional and getting diagnosed. 

I can't live on my own. I can't leave my other problems behind... but dammit I want someone to acknowledge that I have hurt badly and tell me that they understand and that it is okay and that they give a shit even though I am probably essentially mentally handicapped. CAN MY HUSBAND AT LEAST GIVE ME A GODDAMN FUCKING HUG!? no.

Ten years ago my life took a tortuous and unexpected turn and twisted fucked up turn after twisted fucked up turn after that. I have been trying hard as hell to deal with it and keep going. Why? I don't even know. I guess I am an optimist at heart even though I am so cynical. But I have been struggling to make the best of my situation... its just that some things... some problems keep hurting me so much. 

I've tried to tell my spouse that I want help for aspergers and have tried to get him to help me get help. He doesn't. I know that I should just do it myself... but I can't even pick up a phone to talk to my own family that I love very much.  I haven't talked to them in years even though I think about them every day. 

I want to tell him that I wanted to die and that I hoped that I would die and that I did things in the hope that I actually would not be here any longer. He is the only person that I have in my life and he just brushes me off like I am just saying it to make him feel bad. NO! I am saying it because I feel really fucking bad! 

How do I communicate that? 

I don't know if it even is possible... but damn... I fucking have problems. I need help. These problems won't go away. I have been trying and hoping that they would pass for years and years! 

I am no longer suicidal because I try hard not to think about that and I realize that I have no way to die that isn't terribly prolonged and likely to work. I mean that is probably the very best prevention for suicide... the fact that it really isn't incredibly easy...

He tries to kill himself and it turns the world upside down and he gets all kinds of support and medical care for it... I have wished I was dead for a prolonged period and silently did things that I hoped would make me die. I tried to tell him that I have wanted to die, but I have not told him that I did things in hopes of doing so because I know that he will scoff at me and brush it off. I guess because he has been to war and his suicide attempt is more justified... I don't know. 

I just want to communicate that I felt that badly and I really wish that he could understand... Sometimes I still feel that badly. I just want him to understand that I can feel that badly too and that my feelings are real as well. But I can't figure out how to do it...

Sure, I haven't been to war but I got everything that came back with it on top of other problems it causes in addition to our fucked up relationship. I try to understand and respect his problems but I don't feel like there has ever been any real respect for mine and there is nothing I feel like I can do to express how much things hurt me and still do even though things are much better now superficially. 

I feel like if I could get some help somehow, then at least I wouldn't feel so helpless... That is the worst thing about everything in my life. I wish I was more like all of the other people my age that I see taking care of themselves and dealing with life and more normal life problems. But instead I just feel like a housepet that people could do without, but they take care of it anyways simply because its a living being and they would feel bad if they didn't. 

I keep trying to leave all of these issues behind in the most adult way possible... but it is not working. I try to ask for help and he just makes me feel like I am a burden and a child. The last thing I want is to look forwards to is the rest of my life being like this. I almost feel like he actually likes it when I feel like shit and then I can say something about it and he can make himself into the victim of me feeling horrible somehow. 

I have stopped talking to every friend I had because I do not want to talk about my life with them. Eventually it just gets old and you realize that you are that person... the one that always talks about their problems. I tried to stop. The problems are still here... they just escalate to epic proportions less frequently. 

I am going to grow old and die with these horrible stupid problems that no one else seems to have because they probably don't have fucking aspergers (or whatever the fuck is wrong with me) and they can take care of themselves.