Tired of it allI don't even know where to begin. For the past 3 years, my life has been slowly falling apart. I'm only 19 and can't wait to die. I'm single and utterly petrified of intimacy, so getting a girlfriend is out of the question. I've always been emotinaly distant and can't even remember the last time I opened up to people. Even now it's people on the internet who don't even know me.
I have no reason to feel this way, but I still do. I was with my gf for 2 years before I broke it up. I started losing interest in her after the first half year, but couldn't bring myself to do it until she suggested we take a break. I was a horrible, selfish boyfriend and she's better off without me. I didn't even miss her much until the last few months (3 years after brek-up). I know I'm a horrible person and just want to end it. There is no more in life to look forward to. My parents are divorced - dad's an emotionaly distant workaholic and mom's got a new partner and I can't stand to see them together. I don't enjoy the things I used to. I've got no motivation, no energy, no will. I'm an empty shell of what I used to be. I've been putting up emotional barriers my whole life and never letting anyone close, and now it has come back to haunt me.
My contentraition and memory are getting progressively worse. You've by now probably noticed that English isn't my second language. I never had problems with spelling in english but now I'm making mistakes left and right. A few months ago I took a shower before lunch (I usually get up at 11 am) and an hour or two later, I forgot and was already undressed and in the shower before I realised that I had already showered that day. I have to write everything down in order not to forget it and even that doesn't help. 
I'm failing college because I just can't gather the will to study.
I just hope that one day a car will hit me and it will all be over. My mind has been damaged beyond repair and there is no sense in prolonging this meaningless existance. And yet, I'm too much of a coward to even do the right thing and end this.

I hope all of you who are reading this find an example in me of what not to become. That way, my wretched life will at least serve a purpose.