I truly feel like killing myself is my only option. I’m truly suffering at this point(I also posted this on the depression subreddit not sure which would be best for insight) thank you so much.....


I am a 24 year old teacher who has been suffering with manic depression bpd and i believe PTSD. I was molested by a cousin at 7, raped at the ages of 19 and 23 once by a friend another by a friend who happens to be a police officer, I’m not sure but i was made to have sex with my ex for months (but i wouldn’t call this rape) but it was very hard for me. He would guilt me into sex because i didn’t give him my virginity. This same ex verbally abused me, and once threw me across a room. I cannot trust men thanks to this nor can i sleep. I have nightmares 2-3 times a weeks about being attacked so i only sleep during  day which makes it hard for me to work. I can’t sleep beside another person because i scream kick and jump in my sleep. My mother was verbally, physically, and emotionally abusive to me most of my life. Telling me i was a mistake and she regret having me. My father never was there and when i tried to reach out last year he hung up on me. 

I know what you may say boohoo so what get over it. I tried i went to college graduated with 2 degrees at 21, joined every club on campus, became the leader of a women’s empowerment group, talk to rape survivors, became a teacher, was working to become a lawyer and got therapy but none of it is working. I even got into a relationship after 3 years of being single, but it ended which caused me to be in an even deeper depression. He became my very good friend. Since after my rape at 23 i started self harming, and withdrew from everyone around me. But now i no longer have him. I tried to tell my mother i am suffering since i had no one else. But she basically ignored me. My therapist dropped me last week because i was too depressed to go. I have been trying to kill myself for the last two months. But have failed or have been saved (by my ex). I am at the point where i think i should try again. I cannot sleep, i cannot go to work, i am using all my savings, and i can’t pull myself together. I self harm more often now, i eat once a day if that. If i do work i cry all day. 

I know what some of you may say coward others will say stay. But I’m not sure everyday is suffering for me. I look at my students and i think how selfish i am to even be around them they deserve better. I want to call my ex but i cannot at this point because i have been using him as a therapist and not a partner and i know it isn’t healthy. I just wish i was normal. I know I’m only 24 but I’ve tried everything. I took meds, therapy, i even went to the er asking for help the doctor said nothing is wrong with me i was being a big baby. What do i do? I think i should just go. 