Did anyone here go through a mental breakdown once or twice in your life because of depression/psychosis? How did you recover?I'm currently struggling with this right now, and it's almost eating me alive and becoming a huge distraction to my studies and to move on. I had to go through a bunch of things, and found some things I'm not particularly proud of that I said about three months ago. 

It seems so bad that it was only three months ago, and how fucking bat-shit crazy I was through those mental breakdowns. I feel like these things could never be forgotten, that I can never be trusted or seen as 'normal' again.

At least I know I am though, or I'm getting there real well right now. I don't like looking back on it, I want to focus on the moment, but those people out there that I affected and who remember my shit is quite.. ugh, how do you get over how others portray you?

I was sick. How do you get others to understand you were legitimately mentally ill and it was temporary. 

I don't know anymore, I feel like all my life this will be haunting me. What happened basically, was that I had a bad reaction to an SSRI that lasted almost a year and a half. When I thought it was over, it wasn't. I ruined a lot, I said a lot, I became so obsessively compulsive, rude, angry, abusive and not myself at all. These mistakes aren't even forgivable, not to me anyway. 

I want to be myself again, and I'm getting there.

Some advice would help, I guess. I don't really know what I'm asking for here. I'm trying to quit smoking too, drinking behaviour and other things and it's very hard with no support. I'm supposed to be taking shrooms too, and I know it isn't a good idea at all and I don't want to because I truly want to get better and not fall back into psychosis.

Now that the fog has lifted.. I realize I fucked up a lot by trying to fix myself with medication, meditation and other things. All around I was just desperate for help, and young, immature and I had no idea what the fuck I was doing at all in any area. I wish it was different. I'm so ashamed, all the time. I get flashbacks. 

I'm a freak, and always will be one. People always told me my 'breakdown' would come because of being closed up inside for so many years, and it did come out in the worst possible way. I have no love anymore, no self-respect or sense of self. I'm a lost soul, going day by day and not seeing anything anymore.

I don't think I can do this anymore.  

tldr: drug induced psychosis fucked my mind up and left me fucked up with nothing. Is it my fault?