Dear God please Kill me AlreadyI'm 24 and I come from a lot of childhood trauma, a narcissistic family, stayed in a shelter got my own place last year but this year it's hard to see the sunshine...  I have been through so much and I have become stronger and resilient but tell me why is it getting harder to recognize these things about myself? 

Currently I'm pursuing payroll management certification bc guess what? My family won't help me what a surprise and I don't want them to either. They're trying to punish me for leaving for escaping their abuse. I'm not passionate about payroll but I have a B average and I am just trying to get myself out of extreme poverty this is sooo hard. It's very lonely. I'm halfway done with the course and then I have the potential to make 25 and up if I work for someone or 45 if I freelance. Since I struggle with social anxiety I'm leaning towards wfh and freelancing. It's sad bc it's like my dad who wanted to be an art teacher but gave up his dream bc he was poor and had children. I love to sing art and fashion but I think ppl won. You know? 

My family members said I wldnt make it and I wld fail and I wld be nothing. And I feel that way. A lot of ppl said I wldnt make it. I have worked hard though. Harder than ppl realize. I'm ready to throw in the towel I want to die. I pray God takes me out this world each day. I'm unhappy more than unhappy. 

Like ppl I graduated with have their own apartments and cars and are doing so well and I'm struggling. I do all my course work on my iPhone I wear the same dirty clothes each day and I'm tired. I just want to die no one cares about me. I hate my family. There I said it. I have always hated my family. I used to feel so depressed as a kid and jealous seeing other siblings have fun together and girls who cld talk to their moms and ppl who had dads in their lives. 

I really don't want to do payroll accounting but I'm an adult in the real world. Adulting is a trap and lonely and scary. Unless you come from a rich family where you can ask for a small loan of a million dollars or 300k to startup a business. I have to do payroll bc that's how I will have more
Money that's how I will be able to fund my creative dreams that's how I'll be able to live a better life but tbh it's getting bleaker and bleaker each day some days I just can't do it anymore.

It's like the ppl who gaslighted me the ppl in college who did me dirty are all living fine lives. Nice ppl finish last. It seems like here in America the more heartless narcissistic and evil you are the more you get to live happily ever after. I hate my life and I want to die please God just kill me.