Can't think of a title.I don't really know where to start.  I'm unemployed and I live with my mother.  A recent state of affairs.  I was recently hospitalized and my father visited me and told me to move my shit out.  He's pissed at me and I can't say I blame him.  He's been paying for my education but I fucked up.  Struck out.  It was my last chance to pursue the only dream I had left.  I'll never be able to afford to go back on my own.  My mother had been urging me to move back in with her for a while.  Said it would be better for me here, there would be people here for me to talk to.  She's full of shit.  She talks to me when it's convenient for her, any other time I try to talk to her she acts all put out about it, like conversation with me is a chore.  I don't mean to demonize my parents, my father least of all.  He's been good to me, I've just been consistently fucking up since I became ill in my senior year of high school.  He just got tired of it.  He wasted a lot of money on me.  My mother is just a martyr and a drama queen.

I can't talk to either of them.  My father is intimidating and thinks he's smarter than he really is.  Don't get me wrong, he's one of the smartest men I know, but he severely overestimates himself.  He's stubborn and presumptuous and seems to think that he knows exactly what I'm going through.  He seems to think that I should be able to will myself healthy and doesn't handle being told that he's wrong well at all.  In fact he tells me to leave the room any time I try to correct him on the matter.  It doesn't matter any more anyway, our relationship is essentially over.  I don't know what the deal is with my mother, every time I try to talk to her about shit she gives me generic advice and makes it about herself.  Whatever, I guess.

My girlfriend is exhausted and tired of my bullshit.  I've put her through a lot over the past seven or so years.  She's unhappy in this relationship.  She contributes to the relationship a lot more than I am able to and that's a shitty relationship to be in.  I have very little to offer her and she deserves a lot more.  She didn't handle my diagnosis very well.  Said a lot of shit that she shouldn't have, things that I'm not really comfortable repeating.  I've given her every chance to leave me but she says she doesn't want to.  I can't talk to her either.  She has plenty of shit of her own to worry about and has grown tired of listening to what I have to say.  I'm a bitter, angry, depressed, and irritable person and I guess it sort of gets exhausting to listen to after a while.  I have a few friends, band mates, but I really can't talk to them for the same reason.  We're pretty tight, we've been playing together for five or six years, but that's not enough to put up with the frustrated ramblings of a schizophrenic loser.

My mother, my girlfriend, and my band mates.  That's all I have left and I can't talk to a single one of them.  Not only that, most of them won't really respond to me if I'm talking about something that isn't particularly interesting to them.  My guitarist is probably my best friend and we are a lot alike so I don't really have that problem with him.  My drummer is just a good dude in general and will talk about anything as long as I'm not just dumping all of my bullshit on him.  Everyone else pretty much just ignores me if I try to talk to them about something.  My girlfriend does it a lot too and it kills me.  Like, I'll bring up something that I'd like to talk about and she'll respond, but she'll flat out ignore what I say and start talking about something that she wants to talk about.  I'm not interesting to her anymore.  I don't really have anyone who's just interested in what I have to say.

I reach out on the internet frequently just to have someone to talk to.  I join forums and websites according to my own interests and meet people who talk to me and think I'm interesting for a while, but it never lasts very long.  They get bored of me and eventually stop talking to me.  Every single time, and I've been at it for quite a while.  I just don't know how to maintain a friendship.  I've lost all of my social skills.

I'm alone with my thoughts and they're dangerous thoughts to have.  My medications have effectively gotten rid of the hallucinations but I still have episodes on a bimonthly basis.  It's a terrifying experience, one that I'm not sure how to explain.  It's disorienting and confusing.  It's suffocating me.

I'm having nightmares.  I dream of people who love and care about me, people who think I'm interesting and enjoy my company.  Then I wake up inside my dream and eventually fade back into feeling loved.  It happens over and over again and I eventually figure out that I'm dreaming when I wake up and I try to remember that it's only a dream when I fade back into feeling loved, but I never can.  The worst part is that I can never wake up.  It just keeps happening over and over, crushing me each and every time.

Apparently none of my medications have fatal consequences in overdose.  I suppose that's a good thing.  Maybe I'll try heroin lol.