I’m most likely going to kill myself.I tried homeschooling, didn’t work.my parents really don’t believe in suicide or equal child to adult rights or self harm. I wake up everyday thinking about how bad my life is and then go to practice and be the group clown, I laugh and smile in front of everyone’s face and because my dad basically buys me everything I want. everybody thinks my life is perfect. I haven’t made any friends in the past 2 years. I’ve became antisocial and I didn’t think I could get depressed because I can get almost everything I want and I didn’t want to take away from someone who is actually diagnosed with depression. My parents also don’t believe in counselors so I have no friends to tell or no adult to tell. My mom is one of the main reasons I want to kill myself. I have never disrespected her, she yells at me like I’m a doll on the shelf. When she yells at me I just sit there and cry and she gets louder and louder and calls me out my name and calls me ungrateful and disrespectful. I try everything in my power to make sure she is happy but whenever she is mad she yells at me because she knows I won’t talk back but she doesn’t yell at my siblings because she knows they will yell back. I told her already I don’t like be yelled at and she said she doesn’t care. She just yelled at me just a second ago and I tried standing up for myself by telling her she doesn’t listen to my feelings and she doesn’t let me get my point across I guess she didn’t like it and she yelled and out her hand in my face spitting on me and told me to shut up because she’s the parent. I tried packing a few of my things. Because I was just going to go stay with my sister because she kills my mental health I tried telling my mom that and she said she’s going through all the mellow drama and I’m doing to much. My dad hears the whole thing but doesn’t say anything. I can’t keep getting talked to the way I do and pushed under the rug and then she doesn’t realize my mental health has went down the drain. She’s worried about me keeping my grades up to play basketball. I haven’t had a good day in the past couple months and I really have no more tears to cry, I have no one to lean on. But yeah lol sorry about the rant. I know there is people in here going through something worse than me, so I apologize but I had to get it out. But might as well put my own self out of my misery lol.