she took all the money. how do I talk to my mom?Another day another chapter. 

I want everyone to know I sat down with my dad today and **I now have a place to live** in a month. He surprised me, actually; I was just about to step off to go to the bar down the road to drown my misery and he happened to stop by with hubby's tax returns. 

We talked about my situation (see previous posts). He told me that he had already set up a place in his new home for me &amp; the ratties to stay. So I will not be living/camping in my car! When I asked about my brother, I was told his work had been extended again and he will be out of town for several months. Plenty of time for us to set up accommodations if I'm still at home being a loser of a daughter and Brother has to come back.

I mentioned to my dad that the dog will need to see the vet, the tumour on his abdomen is now causing him some discomfort. My dad got upset and told me he couldn't afford it. Then I found out:

My cunt of a mother. She followed through on her threats and went after the full alimony while keeping her personal savings. Now my Father will spend the rest of his life financially supporting his useless ex-wife while she flaunts around with whatever fuck toy she has that week to go drinking with. My mother only works a few hours a week to pay for her wine habit. She justified the full amount because she 'deserves it and that is only fair'. Bitch you weren't even a SAHM we were fucking latchkey kids!

After my dad left it took every ounce of strength to not pull up Facebook and post a 'Congratulations on stealing Dad's money, have fun banging fucktoy on your next vacation. You lost your daughter.' on her public wall and letting the shitstorm play out. Her side of the family doesn't know what she has done yet. Her co-workers think she is still with my dad. I considered sending an angry private message to her over Facebook but it was so vile and bitter I deleted it out of shame. Despite what she has done she *is* my mother and I need to be the better person here and deal with this like an adult.

Tomorrow I have to call the bank to set up an appointment for my accounts to be adjusted. Mom still has access to my main banking account and she has now lost that privilege upon this news. And next month when the house sale goes through there is going to be some hefty change in that piggy bank. How can I trust she won't be drunk and decide to dip into her daughter's savings? Or that fucktoy won't swindle her into taking some extra cash? He is a salesman and he is sleeeeeezy. I don't doubt his hands have been at play in the alimony fight. 

I don't know who she is any more. My mother was my role model and my guide through life. I wanted to be her, and now this has happened. I want nothing from this woman now. How could she do that to my father? he loved her so much. he slaved for so many years so they could have a good retirement. was this her plan all along? is she a narcissist playing the long con or is she really just mentally ill? she won't open up about it. attempts to communicate to her that we (myself, dad, brother, my hubby, and her old friends) are extremely concerned about her well-being and health ends in her usual screaming and anger fits that she is a grown woman and this is not our business. It is at the point where I feel only she can help herself. I have tried so damn hard. So many calls and referrals and sit downs and talking to try to get her to open up, just a little, tell me or a therapist or SOMEONE what is going through her head. I've given her many tools and resources. She won't touch a one. Yet she sees me struggle day by day just trying to find a reason to not finally jump off the bridge.

This has to get off my chest and I need to talk to her. I need to tell her that I know what she has done in regards to the money. I need to tell her that I am ashamed and disappointed in how this has played out and the pain she has put my dad through has made me reconsider whether our relationship should continue for the sake of my own mental well-being. But I don't know how to do this without us both ending up on the ground in screams tears and punches. My brother might have to be there to mitigate because he's about the only person who knows can withstand her verbal nasties and put her in her place.

I also need to get money from her so I can take her (yes, HER) dog to the vet asap. And no, whatever she says, Dog is not being put down because it is cheaper than a check up. She can fork over the full amount to have him taken care of or Goddess help me I will break into her house and steal her credit card to pay it myself. The vet knows I'm her daughter, he isn't going to question when I hand over her card to pay medical bills registered to her animal. I do not fear the legal consequences because my life is over anyway, and animals do not deserve to live in pain. Never ever. Plus I doubt she'd call the cops on her daughter for taking her cc to get the dog some healthcare. But who knows, she seems to be all sorts of crazy these days.

The only glimmer of joy I take in this situation: Fucktoy has a 10 year old daughter he loves more than anything in the world. Even money and sexy ladies! My mother despises raising children and has told me multiple times over the course of my life (including adulthood) if I become pregnant she is dragging me to the abortion clinic because she refuses to be a grandmother. So like, have fun with FT, because you are going to have to be a mom again whether you like it or not! Menopause isn't the end all of motherhood nanananana.

I'm heading off to the bar soon for a beer and nachos. I'm upset and don't want to be home when hubby gets back because I am a tad cross with him over his lack of help cleaning the house lately. I just need to cool down, have a beer, and have some time to myself to think everything through. Going to bring a journal and try to get back into writing. I certainly have plenty of emotions and situations to draw inspiration from.

Peace and love to this sub, posting here helps me get through the day.