Every thought I have is anxious, negative, or suicidal. I don't know what to do, and physical illness is destroying my life.I've suffered from anxiety and depression ever since I was 7, and I am now 19. I was on medication from 7 years old until I was 17 and never found anything that worked. I've been dealing with crohn's disease for about 2 or 3 years now. (I can't even remember exactly how long as it's been a blur... I have no life because of it and mostly have just sat at home. On good days I get out and see friends but lately I've been avoiding everyone.) I deal with near constant pain in my joints and muscles, I cannot focus on anything and my head feels very foggy and muddled. This is a major frustration as I used to be incredibly smart and wanted to learn computer programming, and take other courses in college. I also can't sleep hardly at all at night and often sleep all day long and no matter how long I sleep I feel fatigued. And to top it off, lately my vision has been bugging me and despite getting new glasses, I'm still having issues. (I'm horribly farsighted)

Everyday I worry that maybe I have something worse than crohn's or in addition to it and haven't been diagnosed yet. I fear things getting worse and hold little hope for them to get better. All I can think about anymore is how wonderful it would be for me to simply die or cease to exist. I see myself as weak for not being able to do myself in and that makes me even more depressed. 

I apologize if this post would have fit better in a different subreddit but I really needed to let this all out. One of the hardest things about all this is that nobody understands, and I feel as though (and sometimes I certainly am) I am being judged heavily for my lack of a life due to me not looking ill or upset on the outside.

Thanks to anyone who reads this and for any support. I don't think that at this point in time I could actually harm myself, but sometimes I lose it and get full of anger and anxiety and I fear that at those times I may someday do something I regret. It's really fear overall that keeps me alive, if that makes any sense.