Why isn't it socially acceptable to end your own life? Just like they put animals to sleep...Hi, I am a 20 year old male.

I am not about to kill myself tho. :D

So the people around me that care, they will only push/force me to do stuff, nobody really understood why I feel the way I do. Not even I understand.

I would say I love myslef mostly, but it still doesn't change the fact that I really, just simply don't want to live.

I have real friends, I have a decen't family (slightly disfunctional), I have conditions to do stuff in life, I have siffered no tragedies.

I am not ugly or stupid or untalanted, but I am completely and utterly unmotivated in my core.

Life to me doesn't seem worth it. I don't like studying, I do enjoy some jobs...


I will not quote a 3 year old post I've recetly read, the person that wrote them was in a much worse place then me but I found myself in a couple of their phrases:


"They just cannot comprehend the level of dissatisfaction I have with the world."


"It just seems the point of life is to work yourself to the bone, suffer every day, just so you can get the chance to have a few fleeting hours of happines for the countless hours of pain you go thru. Then you get to repeat that cycle untill you die. It just doesn't seem worth it."


"It's an endless cycle; I cannot escape the FUCKED-UPNESS of my own thought process. It is so terrible and confusing and pathetic."

(this one not so much, but I kept it since my brain is just presenting the world to me as SHIT and I know this is probably wrong but I have been trying for a few years to fix my thoughts but it's really hard)


"Till then, I'm going to continue suffering and being alive but not really living."

(this is where I am at right now)


I am very good at twisting everyday moments into jokes, I am fun to spend time with. On the outside I almost always smile, laugh and joke around, but this is only my way of compensating my broken unhappy personality.


I am not even that lazy...


Also I get bored of stuff quickly, I have no idea what I want to do in life but firstly if I even want to DO at all.

At around the age of 13-14 I have started questioning the meaning of life, what the hell are we living for anyway?

I haven't realised I was depressed untill about a year ago. Life was easier in middle school, all I had to do was attend the classes and sometimes do some homework.

Am I thinking this way because I have it too easy and have too much time on my hands?

To be honest I don't really care, I am unsatisfied with my life the way it is.

I have studied architecture and finished the first year, expecting stuff to get better and more interesting but it went the opposote way and I am completely failing the 2nd year because I cannot find any willpower to do stuff that's related to my university. I have decided to quit and I judge this to be a really bad decision but...

I sit down and say ok let's finish this and then go meme around, chat, play video games or go out - I cannot, I cannot make myself do my univeristy obligations.


And now I'm lying in bed with this crappy rain outside thinking how I am slowly becoming just a burden to my family because I eat their food, spend their electricity and water.


I've tried finding solutions to my mental state, things to do to improve and motivate and everything, I just cannot find a solution to a happy life. It seems like there is a lot of hard work between me and happines, I just am not feeling capable of doing this much work and would rather just not.


I did start exercizing and eating more, I have gained weight and noticed a slight improvement.



If you've read this, thanks.

Any comment is appreciated.
But please don't tell me to suck it up and go live my life...

edit: 3 typos