Can I just let it all out on this post?I've wrestled with suicidal thoughts since I was ten years old. I figured it was just a phase, since everyone went (and goes) through sad times. They soon disappeared, but would rear their ugly heads from time to time. I just figured it was something I had to deal with in my life - but then I realized something was wrong. 

Around 10-12, I suffered bullying from the elementary school I was at so I felt suicidal then. I transferred when I was 15 to another school as the bullying got worse. This new school, however, was a very safe and kind environment and I found a lot of new friends. I found the typical firsts here - first real group of friends, first girlfriend, first outings or hang-outs with classmates, all of these things. I even participated in some activities representing the school like the spelling bee and the oratorical contest. It was a great time, and most of the friends I have today are still the ones I gained from this school. 

I graduated and headed off to college, at first directionless so I took a year in Economics (but in truth I wanted journalism). This was when I felt very miserable, I didn't look forward to any day. Though I gained friends, they weren't as close to me as they were my high school friends. Out of boredom and loneliness, this was when I started crafting my own concepts for stories and it became my escape. 

I was lucky to survive that year in Economics, and soon moved to another college this time with Journalism as my course. I enjoyed my time there and learned a lot, also gained a few friends and we'd hang out by the ice cream parlor. I am grateful for this time because I learned a lot of things - about life and how it operates. 

After graduating college, I was directionless again but soon found footing at what was and still is the peak of my life. This was the time of my life in which I felt it couldn't get any better. I had a job as a DJ for a local radio station which was fun. I also met a girl - a co-worker and fellow DJ - and I really liked her. We were close (essentially because our shifts were right next to each other) and I felt something for her romantically, but something held me back from expressing how I truly felt. 

Aside from those though, I also had the gym. It was my first time and I loved it. I now watched how I ate, and had a trainer who also became like a big brother to me. He became my confidant in life so he is aware of all my troubles, as well as my aspirations of being a writer someday. He is Indian as well, and I have to point this out because I learned a lot from him about different cultures and experiences in the world. He came from Britain and lived in Singapore and married a Filipino woman so all these experiences as he shared them as stories were all so new to me and so eye-opening. 

I realized now that during all of these phases of my life that a lot of things would change. People would come and go. I would change my hairstyle. I would change my manner of clothing. My interests and hobbies would sometimes shift to something new. But there would be always one constant - that I would feel miserable about life. And to think, even miserable during my peak with the gym and radio. 

It was heart-breaking and painstaking for me. I soon quit both gym and radio and resorted to being a NEET/jobless bum for more than a year and this was when family issues took a drastic turn. My mother resented me for not doing anything with my life and not getting a job, while in turn my father figure blamed me for any shortcomings or mistakes my siblings would make. Being a first-born, I guess these things would just be a part of my life. 

Also, maybe my demons would always be a part of my life, too. I've always called them demons because I've never been to a doctor to get diagnosed with something. They'd take shape, pretend they were old friends and I'd let them in every single time, falling for their lies. 

Now, I'm an English tutor at a local learning center. I don't feel like going to work today. I just wanna lie down on my bed, slink, starve and probably die. But sadly that's something that I can't do because life goes on with my demons gnawing away at me, and me being forced to carry them like baggage. 

It's what scares me the most because I realize now that this isn't normal at all. Why are they still here? They were supposed to leave when I looked my best at the gym, when I found a good job, when I found a girl that I could be with. They were supposed to leave and never come back because I was happy because all the while I thought these demons were just manifestations of sadness, anger, misery and boredom. 

They weren't. They'd always been here and now I don't know what they are, but they are destroying me from the inside out. Maybe I should just let them because I feel as if I have nothing to live for - I feel as directionless as much as I was before heading off to college. 

There's this quote from the movie Doctor Strange where the Ancient One said that we can only learn to live above our demons. I can't even do that because they always crack the ground in which I stand on, and take me right down with them. 

Thank you to anyone who would read this. I just needed to get all of that out. 