Depression over half my life, pretty much always worseningI'm really tired now. I regret not killing myself when I started feeling this way as a teenager. I want to want to live (not a typo/double type), but I just don't. I can't force myself to. I've done everything. Psychiatrist for years, counseling, moved to the city that is the best suited for me (still is), married a woman who is completely understanding of my situation (she has anxiety problems as well), exercised, done everything. I've been doing as much as I can over the past 15 years of depression, and it **has not gotten better.** After 15 years, shit changes in your brain. What was once the mental illness becomes your actual identity. I don't experience any positive emotions. At all. I have tried the entire battery of medicines with minimal luck. I constantly want to rip off my own skin. I constantly want to squeeze my temples until my head pops. I have never self harmed.

I wish there was a way for adults to consent to euthanasia. I would much rather just be able to tell my family "Hey, I scheduled my appointment for this day" and at least get to say bye with a quasi-understanding. I wish my parents never conceived me. I wish I had been hit by a truck. I'm beginning to feel less human as time goes on. I haven't been sad at a funeral since I was 8, happy at a wedding except for my own, and I am so fucking sick of having all of the emotions torn out of me. I don't have any left. I'm a fucking person with no emotions other than being neutral, sad, or angry. Nothing has helped. And I'm supposed to endure this, probably worsening, for 50 more years on the *chance* that it might get better? I'm supposed to work for the next 35 years until retirement, even though I have a massively hard time holding down a job due to having to lock myself in the bathroom to have breakdowns? Literally the only reason I'm not dead is logistical issues. If I've been working on this for so many years and nothing has changed, how could I even begin to have something resembling hope?


Everyone who told me this gets better can go fuck themselves.