Finally reaching out. I don't know what else to do.This is kind of a desperate reach out, I guess, but fuck am I desperate. This will probably end up getting really long, sorry in advance.

A number of things could land me here, I guess. Lots of family shit, blah. But I just have one big reason. And it's big enough to convince me to throw the rest of my existence away. I'll start with a background story or whatever.

So I'm completely, madly, one fucking billion percent in love with this guy. It was love at first sight, or first fucking message, I guess. Ten months. Ten goddamn months ago I fell for him. I'll call him J. I fell for him instantly, and I haven't gotten over him. Someone I've never even formally met, yeah, but that doesn't mean I love him any less. And I know he's real, I've seen pictures and videos and blah of him, and my best friend (lives in the same state as him) has met him. There were pictures of them together.

So J is just this wonderful, perfect, amazing guy. Less wonderful, perfect, and amazing than I had originally thought, maybe, as he fell to depression (I'm just bipolar, been off meds and therapy for awhile since they made me worse) and can't take my jealousy anymore, but I still love him and would do anything for him. I would die for him. Which I guess is where I'm kinda at right now.

J loves this other guy, we'll call him S. J knew S before he knew me, and loved him before he knew me. S knows J loves him and has told him upfront that he doesn't feel the same. So J is drowning in unrequited love for S, and I'm drowning in unrequited love for J. And I feel like such a fucking hypocrite for hoping J will get over S because he doesn't feel the same when J and I have the exact same story. I love him, I love him more than fucking anything, and he doesn't love me. And I can't get over it.

See, J did love me once. Who knows how short-lived that was, I'm intolerable. But the night he told me, it was really emotional, and he said he wanted to go out with me (since we were finally both in love mutually), but what was stopping him was S. He didn't want to date me knowing he was still in love with S as well. God, I told him I'd be fucking fine with it because I would have finally had the only thing I wanted. But we didn't.

Fast forward a few months. 6 months, actually. Half a year already since he loved me. He's got this tumblr blog I'm not supposed to know about, but I do. He talks about S nonstop, reblogs all this shit that reminds him of S, makes me feel fucking horrible, you know. And yeah, I could just stop looking at it, but I know I won't.

Anyway, today. His mom is in the hospital (hurt her foot, nothing too serious) and all I want to do is help him. But instead he's pushing me away and blogging away about shit on his secret blog and saying S is his go-to distraction. I text him and say I just want to help him and just want to be a distraction and he says he's better off alone. My jealousy is unreal and I tell him I know it's selfish but I wish I was worthy and higher on his list. Then he fucking says, and I quote, "Can you please leave me alone?"

So I've been in bed crying over it, not the first time I'm crying over him, of course, and it just sucks. I've already decided to throw my life away to be with him (move to be with him once I can, completely different state, I've already bought him a bunch of shit I need to give him, made him a billion promises) and he doesn't give a shit about me.

Honestly, I do know I have other reasons to live and I know it's super unhealthy to rely on someone as your lifeline and everything, but if he wants nothing to do with me, I see no point in going on, you know? Who needs to live past 17? Who needs to move to be with someone who doesn't care about them. I want so bad to make his life better, but I'm probably only making it worse. I always do, I fuck everything up, so maybe I should just go.

I'm seeing my favourite Broadway show at the end of this month. Or at least, I should be seeing it, but I'm not sure I can last that long. It's the 26th, and I'm supposed to get a video and stuff at stagedoor because I'm seeing J's favourite actor playing his favourite character (and dream role).

But yeah. As I sit here, kinda rationalising, my options aren't that great. I really do wanna see the show, like I said, it's my favourite. And I wanna get that video for him. The video, signature, send him the shit I bought him.

It just feels like it'd be easier to kill myself at this point. He wouldn't care. Hell, maybe he'd wanna watch. He loves gore. I've actually considered asking him if he'd want to watch. I think that shows how fucked up I am at this point. But I haven't, and I won't ask, because I'm supposed to be leaving him alone. And that makes me want to die. Because the only person that's really keeping me here probably hates me.

So yeah, that was super long, I'm sorry. I'm just desperate and I figure reaching out might help instead of just finding something to end it with. Because I really don't want our first meeting to be when he attends my funeral. You know, if he went.

Thanks, I guess. And I'm sorry again.