I'm so fucking worried for my friendI'm sorry if I'm breaking the rules for posting about another person. 

Me and my boyfriend broke up a few months ago. Since then, we've stayed in touch. But the past month we've been arguing and things have been getting ugly. He has diagnosed depression. We've both been feeling suicidal, we've both been self harming. This morning he called me and we argued, I said I'd had enough, that I wanted to die, and I switched my phone off. The police arrived a few hours later since he called them to check on me. I was fine, I just needed a break from us arguing all the time.

He's doing really badly today. He's been self harming more than usual, he showed me a picture of what he did via text. We've called a few times today in between texting and if he gets frustrated on the phone or if I talk to much I can hear him punching things and hurting himself.

I want to call the police because he's really badly hurt, but he said that if I do that then he'll leave his house and go on the streets. He's blacked out a few times today because he's exhausted and in pain. He lives with his parents who aren't supportive and who don't know this is going on. I just want him to go to a&amp;e and get looked after or an assessment. I know how much they suck, I've had a few in the past, but I want him to be safe and I know the hospital can be a safe place.

I know I'm a suicidal person myself, but normally I can work through my feelings and that's how I cope. I've never seen him this bad, he lives in a different city so its not like I can visit him easily. I don't want to say the wrong thing in case he does attempt anything, I know he's attempted suicide multiple times in the past 4-6 weeks. He says he doesn't need help, he threatens that something bad will happen if I call the police. I feel trapped, I can't stop talking to him otherwise he'll self harm more or kill himself. I don't know if this is abusive. I don't know what to do. Please can someone just give their opinion or tell me what I should do