Desperate for someone to talk toThis is my first post here. My name is Maria, I'm a 23 year old female from Virginia.

My life has been a big mess lately. Lots of financial problems that I just can't seem to get out of. Things just keep happening and I keep messing up.

I've been dealing with depression since I was in seventh grade and it just seems to get worse as time goes on. There's days I don't want to get out of bed. It makes it worse because I have physical medical problems (irritable bowel syndrome) that seem to completely take over my life in a bad way sometimes. I miss a lot of work over it, and though I have fmla, I still worry about losing my job.

I wouldn't say I'm suicidal lately, as I'm scared of death and dying, but sometimes I think it would be nice if I fell into a coma or something just so I wouldn't have to deal with life for a while.

I live with my long term boyfriend, and we messed up back in March and might be getting evicted soon. We have two dogs and the second one we got wasn't as potty trained as we thought when we adopted him. He's pretty much ruined our living room floor carpet, and our apartment complex served us with a court order, an unlawful detainment I believe it's called, because they want our property back. The court date is tomorrow and we only found out today because we had to stop by the rental office today and the lady working there mentioned it. She said they mailed us the summons, but we never received it.

So I may be homeless soon, my mom said I could move back in with her and her parents if they do evict us, but that would leave my boyfriend with nowhere to go.  We already know we will likely end up giving our second dog away, but it's breaking my heart, especially if we wind up having to give away our other dog. She was my first dog ever and I've developed a huge attachment to her over the couple years we have had her.

I'm hoping that explaining our situation to the judge tomorrow, admitting we messed up and have been trying to fix it, and that we are more than willing to replace the carpet and pay for the damages and move once our lease is done, I'm hoping the judge takes pity and just doesn't serve us with an eviction.

It's half past midnight and our court appointment is in less than 11 hours. I can't sleep, I've been crying all evening, and I'm such a bundle of nerves, I've tossed my dinner and I still feel sick to my stomach. My boyfriend is asleep and I don't really have many friends, the ones I do have are all asleep. I'm just desperate for someone to talk to, so I don't have to feel so alone right now.

I can talk on here, or text, or IM, or email.  I appreciate anyone who is willing to keep me company in my time of need right now. It hurts feeling like I'm at the bottom of a hole and can't see the light out.