This is just gonna be a long rant, so feel free to skip it if you wantI just feel so fucking hopeless. I wrote a suicide note 5 months ago and my parents found it, so when I went to therapy they went with me to talk about it. I just said it was before is starting seeing a therapist (so 7 months ago, about), they didn’t believe me but it’s fine. They then took me to the ER the next day so I could get a doctor to get me some antidepressants. My parents now don’t trust me to be alone with myself anymore, because they’re afraid of what I might do to myself. And, I feel like I should be getting better but now I’m just suicidal again? Like I really wanted to fucking die last night and it was so annoying I didn’t have the means to do it. And honestly I don’t even know if I’m like,, really suicidal if that makes sense, cause I feel like if I really wanted to die I would’ve tried by now, right? All it really is is staring at the pills and thinking about it, but being too scared because I’m still in school, I’m afraid if I survive the attempt I’ll be  thrown into a mental hospital and not allowed to finished middle school, maybe get held back another year, idk. But I also don’t want to wait until school ends to die. I feel like I’m overthinking this to be honest, cause I want to go into it and not come back out alive, cause if it try and it works I don’t have to worry about any of this. Then again, I don’t know what I’ll do if I make it. Cause my parents will obviously ask me why, my therapist would be mad at me for not telling her I was suicidal for awhile now, my friends might hate me for trying to leave them, or think I’m an attention whore, I could go on. I don’t know if life is even worth living when all I know from it is, this. This aching pain of emptiness and nothing can fill it. A feeling something it missing and I’m hollow but I have no idea what to do about it so it just eats me from the inside out. I hate everything about me and my self image, and this constant sadness and pain that no one else can see, having to pretend to be fine is so tiring and I’m sick of feeling like every day drains me. Is there a point in life when it’s temporary? Is there a reason I get out of bed everyday, or do I just do it because it’s what’s expected of me? To try and be a part of society, go to school and learn when I’d rather just die. Im tired of how much effort it takes me to do normal things like get out of bed or take a shower, things most people can do without a second thought but it takes so much mental energy, I’d rather not. I’d rather stare at the ceiling and feel nothing. And it may not seem like a lot but when it’s every single fucking day it gets to you at one point, I feel like I’m about to loose my grip on reality. I just don’t want my life to be like this, I feel like if I deserved to be happy I would be happy right now but I’m not. I want to die. I don’t want to spend my life as this broken shell of a person, I don’t know how long I’ll be in this state of hating every square inch of my body, how long the pain will last, how long the thoughts will tell me I don’t deserve to be happy and I deserve pain for what a fucking shitty person I am, I don’t want to live my life like this person, I feel like it’d be better if I made everyone happy and just die. I’m planning next week but I might just be too much of a fucking pussy haha,,