I just need to speak my mind a little.Hi, friends!

I always have trouble starting off posts, so I'll just tell you a little about myself.


I have no problems in school whatsoever, I am not bullied, Most of my grades are above average.

I am not a social outcast, I have a good number of close friends that I'd trust with my life and some friends that I just can joke with and stuff, but that I'd not trust with my life, to be exact it migh be around 10 really close friends and 24-ish friends that I can hang with but that are not my best friends.

My family is great, except for a little brother with ADHD and a big brother with aspergers there's nothing wrong with it, both my brothers are nice people that I like to talk to and do stuff with, my mother is the most supportive woman in the world and even though I don't trust her with too much information about my life I know that she'd do whatever she could for me, My father is a little more of the "though love" guy, but he is also the most comforting man in the world. I also have a sister which I do not speak too much with since she lives in London while the rest of us lives in Sweden, but I get along with her and I have no problem speaking to her whatsoever.

My friends thinks of me as a funny guy that jokes alot and that has no problem making fun of myself, but they also know that if I get shit from anyone I have no problem in defending myself both verbally and physically, in both cases I usually win (not to brag).

I get along with 99% of the people I meet and during volunteer working I get to hear that I am a very good worker that is quick to understand my job and effective at doing it.

I have also gotten compliments about my looks and I've been informed that I am a handsome person, I do have a little body fat that I am currently trying to work away, but It's so little that you don't even notice it unless I'm wearing a tight shirt.

I'm not sure about all of you guys out there, but I am certain that there's atleast one suicidal person out there on this sub that would kill to have my life, and that's why I feel like a piece of shit for what I am going to say next.


I hate it, I hate myself, I hate just about everything I've ever done.
I take almost no pleasure in anything, I no longer find things like playing games fun, I only get super angry for small stuff like lag and dying in the games, I get super angry at almost everything, for example: when writing this I had my arm in an uncomfortable position and I just wanted to break my fucking desk, theres several holes in it from earlier raging.

I spend most of my freetime alone at my computer, speaking to my friends over stuff like skype and Discord. Sure, I have some fun there, but It's not the same thing.

I am unable to commit to almost anything, even though I work fast and effective like I said earlier I only do it because It's expected of me, when watching a Tv-series I can only watch like, the first season before I get bored and forget about it, I tried writing a small novell and I got some chapters done, but then I got bored and forgot about it, I've tried drawing, but after some drawing I get bored and forget about it.

People tell me I'm creative, I've been praised for being an extraordinary writer/drawer and craftsman, but I never actually enjoy it even though I'm good at it.

And now comes the thing that gets to me the most:

I am ridiculously bad with women, even though I look good I am unable to speak to women at all, I try to but in most cases I come off as shy and weird, It's so annoying that I can get any guy in the world to think of me as a funny guy that they want as a friend, but when It comes to girls they mostly think I am weird, maybe I am wrong and they take my social awkwardness as a sign that I'm not interested in them, but anyways It's so annoying.

I haven't had a girlfriend since when I was about 9-10 years old.
I will probably not get a girlfriend for the rest of my life.
I am still a virgin, and for now I am completely convinced that I will never lose it unless I pay a prostitute to fuck me, which I will not do, since I am not that kind of person.

My friends seem so convinced that if I just tried I'd get a girlfriend in an instant, since they seem to think of me as a glorious beacon of self-confidence and success. I do not have bad self-esteem at all, I know that I am an admirable person, but I am worthless when it comes to girls.

I've realized that I don't enjoy anything at all anymore, and the only thing I want in life is to find someone to start a family with, my life would be perfect (for me) if I could find that, I am not even kidding, I would have an absolutely perfect life, I won't have a hard time finding a job, I have lots of friends, I have a family that loves me and which I love back and I live in one of the most safe countries in the world.

So why can't I be granted this one. final. fucking. thing. that'd make my life the best I could ever wish for.

I will never have a girlfriend, and the constant reminder that my life would be complete if I only had this final thing is enough to have driven me to the edge.

My dad owns several weapons, ranging from hunting rifles to shotguns. So finding a pistol to end myself with is not hard, I also know where he keeps his gun-locker key.

The fact that some of you have it so much worse than me and I'm still suicidal though my life is good makes me feel even worse.

If you actually read all this, I salute you. Thanks for listening and even if you don't have anything important to say; please comment anyways to remind me that people actually read these and that some of you know my situation.

Also, I know for certain that some of you will be annoyed, if even angry, at the fact that I'm thinking about blowing my head off for something so stupid and (In your eyes) insignificant. So feel free to call me and idiot and an ungrateful son of a bitch in the comments too, it actually helps a little too.

Edit: After posting I realized that I've written a humongous wall of text, so if you actually read all this, I not only salute you, I love you, for taking time to listen to peoples problems and for being a good person.