Please I desperately need helpI am (16 F) and my boyfriend is (17) My boyfriend and I have had a happy highschool relationship for years, unfortunately I've made some mistakes. I am bisexual he is straight. I chose to hide that from him because I was worried he wouldn't accept it. Two years go by, we are happy. Near the beginning of the third year I find someone who is depressed and like an idiot, they way I ended up fixing that was talking sexual with him. I still love my boyfriend dearly, I discover I am polyamorous, I enjoy both relationships selfishly. I end up wanting to stop doing this, my boyfriend being my first I wanted to experiment with this other person but now I realized I wanted to be loyal to him only. I try to stop and I don't manage too the person who is not my boyfriend gets really upset about the idea of stopping, threatening to commit suicide again without me, i am stuck, and I stay. My boyfriend has his suspicions, and he orders to see our messages or he'll leave he's angry sad and dissapointed. I said may things I shouldn't have, things about enjoying the thrill of what I was doing. Issues stemming from his father come back, he says the only thing making him happy was the thought of my loyalty, and going to the same university together. Now I've ruined it. But he still loves me and wants to stay with me. He can't bare being upset. If I fail to make him happy again he will kill himself. I've tried everything I can to make it better. I can't, we want to stay together. I want to be loyal. I never want to do something like this again. I just need to make him feel better about it, he won't accept therapy himself. I have agreed to give up all the information for every account I own. Not have any male friends. And part of the agreement was to let him experiment and do as he pleases. I'm supposed to find a female partner that I approve of to do so as he doesn't want to be shady about it like I was. I really need a way to make him feel better so that we can heal. This relationship is very strong, he's willing to take me back if I make those promises. I just desperately need a way to make him happy.