Lonely, devalued and discardedFirstly thanks for reading, never posted on Reddit before but I feel like I need different perspectives for advice and seems like I might find that on here. 

After romanticizing the idea of suicide for a solid 15 years I've finally turned 27 last month. This was the year I told myself I'd wrap it all up. I've been fighting off these thoughts for so long and I've come to the conclusion awhile ago that the repercussions of such a permanent act will indeed affect anyone who knew me very negatively. Still the thoughts are hard to extinguish effectively. Random insight: I'm an only child of an alcoholic abusive mother. Moved away (from big city Toronto to small town Stratford) when I was 21 and have kept very distant from her since which has been heartwrenching.

There's alot I'm planning to write here but it's hard to sound coherent, I apologize. I've done some shoddy research and basically found that I exhibit nearly every BPD trait while my current partner of 6 years (met at 21 he was 28) equally shows very narcissistic qualities. It's a bad mix and after 6 long years of losing a huge portion of my young-adulthood we are nearing seperation finally. 

Since realizing we are so close to breaking up (we've been split up before many times) I've been having the most intense feelings of suicide I've ever had, especially tonight. I feel like through all the neglect, gaslighting, and insults I'd still rather be dead than without my partner. I frequently say we need to seperate yet when I face the fact I breakdown mentally and feel empty and  unwanted. I feel like if I could just sacrifice a little bit more I will be worth the attention I need, and then I resent him for not showing any gratitude in return. 

Today we had another big argument and I made plans to get enough boxes to pack and move but after briefly getting along I let myself forget, maybe I thought it would lead to more conflict idk. We got home and almost immediately started arguing again. I cried for a few hours after thinking about suicide once again which brings me here posting this sob story looking for pity lol. I'm identifying the problem well enough but why can't I just have a little bit of conviction and make a positive change that could only be beneficial? Why can't I convince myself I'm worth making the right changes? I must be a masochist or something... seeing if things will get even worse. 

A couple bright spots gave me hope that I can battle depression back but now even my seemingly good decisions have butterfly effected into bad situations later. Hard to go into detail but now I'm feeling more helpless than ever. Things are just getting worse and worse as time goes on, patience has NOT been helping me at all unfortunately. I'm willing to elaborate more but this has turned into much longer of a post than I originally intended. I've left out so many key factors but I think I'll cut this short here.