My high school grades just came out, and I failed in all the subjects I took. Physical abuse from parents is 100% guaranteed.High school student from Egypt here, and early this morning my IGCSE grades came out. I got an E in Accounting,  and a U in AS Biology (basically means I failed both subjects). I had also taken AS Math, but that grade comes out on the 13th, and I'm pretty sure I failed that too.

I didn't expect much to be honest, for most of my entire 3 years of high school, I was planning on going abroad, and taking a foundation year in the UK. Now this foundation year's requirements aren't very high so I just completely stopped caring around my second year. Only to find out one week after finishing my final year, that my parents no longer intend to send me abroad, but instead want me to attend university here. I do not have the requirements to get accepted in any university here...and I don't even want to begin to imagine what will happen once they found out I failed every single subject I took this year.

My dad freaked out, and threatened to beat me multiple times in my first year, after I had gotten an A* (basically an A+), A, 2 Bs, and a C. In my second year after I had gotten an F, B, C, and a U my mum pretty much made a deal with me to not tell my dad my real grades, because she knows what he can be like...

It's not like I fail intentionally,  it's just I literally can't study. I can't.  No matter how hard I try, but my parents don't believe me. I really do try very hard but no one believes me...

But this year,  I literally failed everything... Not only does my dad start physically abusing me when he gets angry, but he also starts yelling at my mother and pushing her, and honestly just the thought of it makes me go into tears...

I tried asking my friends for shelter, but they all think I'm bluffing or that I'm over exaggerating, because I hide under a series of smiles, and jokes. 

I'm 17 years old, I shouldn't have to be dealing with this... Suicide hotlines, or child support, or protection from abuse is pretty much nonexistent in Egypt. I really don't know what to do reddit, death honestly seems like a much nicer path.