I give upThe company I work for decided that my department needed 'restructuring' and fired my manager a few months after I started. I basically did all the work for a month or two (It was web design/email marketing.) until they brought in a new manager. I was doing almost 3 peoples jobs for the pay you'd give to basically an intern. He decided that the art director should do my role and they should just fire me to save money. 

So the company that I busted my ass for, came in on weekends, got home at 6:30 a lot of times, and did everything in my power to make them money, sat me down and said, if you leave in a professional manner we are willing to let you pay 500 bucks a month to keep your health insurance. It took every amount strength not to jump over the table and strangle him by the neck. 

I had been using drugs to try and stay above water (Nothing serious really). But now I'm kinda 'coming down' so to speak. I was still kinda buzzing when I got the news so I was able to take it in stride. No that I'm sobering up, it's kinda hitting me. I wasn't even making enough money to move out of my parents house and now I have nothing. (I'm 28 years old). Without insurance, between meds and therapy, I'd be paying 500-1000 $ a month. I applied for unemployment and the shitty unemployment insurance the 'allowed' me, which is still $500 dollars a month I don't have. So before I even start thinking about moving into my own place, food, phone, car, etc. I have $500 dollars I have to pay.  

I've been so unhappy living in the midwest. I'm an artsy type and I don't fit in with all the townys that live here still. All my friends have moved away. I've wanted to move to a place like the coasts for as long as I remember. I can't even move down the street much less across the country. I don't have a gf or even a dog. Depression and anxiety have made my life extremely difficult but I busted my ass to try and 'make it'. It wasn't ideal at the job but at least it was a job. Now I once again have nothing. I have $1,500 to my name and I talked to my parents about moving out and living off unemployment till I find a job. And they basically said 'no freaking way that would work.' They can't support me either as they do okay but not well enough to pay for my living expenses and health insurance/meds. 

I'm 28 years old and I'm the same place I was in highschool. I've done everything in my power to try and overcome my circumstance and ultimately it got me no where. It would be okay if I was three years out of highschool but I graduated from highschool ten fucking years ago. I have no friends, no gf, no one hobbies, and no money. The idea of living on my own and supporting myself seems like a pipe dream. I gave it all I had but I can't do it anymore. It's not that I didn't try, I busted my ass. Years of trying and failing. I feel like this was the last straw. I'm done with anxiety, depression, all this nonsense. I don't want to hurt my family so I've thought about just taking my car and 'disappearing'. I'm tired of paying shit tons of money just to exist. And a fucking shitty existence at that. I'm tired of being a burden on my family. 

I literally can't face another family get together with my snobby aunts and uncles and tell them I got fired again. 

I used to have a drive inside me. Not all the time but it was there. like a flame or a fire, a purpose. Lately I can't feel it. And when it's not there anymore I feel like living is too much to bear. 