I think about "it" every dayNot really sure why I've created this throwaway, or why i'm posting.  I know the responses I'll get.  Hell, I've posted on this sub (positively) before when I felt I had something to contribute.

Here's the thing.  I'm in my late thirties.  I own a small business and employ about 10 people.  It is very stressful.  I work constantly, and am in constant fear of making a mistake that will cost someone their job.  

I've had flings but no serious relationship for many years - work is my life.  And I'm done with it.  The smallest tasks feel like mountains.  Things I used to breeze through now fill me with dread.

And I know what the responses are.  Talk to someone. Take a break.  I can't.  Talk to someone?  Some family-practice shrink who reaches for their scrip pad as soon as they realize they don't know what they're doing?  Talk to my friends, with their own families, with their own significant issues?  No.  And a break?  Not possible.  Maybe in a year or two, when I've hired someone and groomed them a bit, but not before then.

So here I am.  the 2-3 days without work I've snatched over the last two weeks are blissful but remind me *I DONT WANT TO WORK TOMORROW* but I *have* to.  And with anything, that's always the answer, right?  No matter what you feel, how tired, how depressed, you just have to keep grinding.  Keep going.  Things will turn.  But I'm tired.  I don't want to grind anymore.  I do, but I don't, if that makes sense.

The things I know will help - 2-3 months off, heavy time spent with friends doing nothing - isn't an option.  I can't take that time off, and I can't ask my friends to just pause their lives to correct my issues.

So I dunno.  Ultimately, I doubt I'll do "it" - too much of a coward - but every day, it is a constant option that gets better and better sounding.  And more and more just a question of when, rather than if.

I won't be logging in again with this account (already forgotten the pw) so no pms.  Still don't know why i'm posting this.  The 1-in-a-million chance someone posts an "a-ha!" moment?  No idea.