Hate fakers.Honestly, the one thing I hate most about suicide is when people use it to get what they want. Whether it be a relationship or something else. Some people talk about "their attempts" and it's infuriating when you know what they're saying is all lies. Suicide is not something to be taken lightly like that. That said, those who don't believe you when you really are reaching out for help, and think you're just using it for attention are scum too. When you're depressed and suicidal, they tell you to tell someone, and when you do, either they don't care, don't want to deal with that burden, or think you're lying. If you don't freaking care, THEN DON'T YOU DARE TRY AND STOP ME FROM DOING IT. AND DON'T YOU DARE TALK ABOUT ME WHEN I'M GONE ABOUT HOW "I SHOULD HAVE TOLD SOMEONE" OR HOW "YOU WISH YOU HAD DONE OR SAID SOMETHING." Human lives....they're everything. I just don't understand why it's taken for granted. I feel like over the years, the issue of suicide is getting downplayed so hard...and at risks are becoming sub-human as 'normal' people don't want to be bothered by us. I just need someone...someone to tell me it's going to be okay. Someone to hold me when I break down and be there when I call, ready to fall off the edge.  Why...why is someone like that so hard to find? I've had enough of being cold, but how am I supposed to get warm when the world around me is an ice age. To those who feel like they're helping someone, kudos to you. Don't leave that person, no matter how hard it gets. And if you think you can't stick around, don't bother talking to them at all, you'll only make it worse when you leave. And to those who are thinking about it, or are ready to go through with it, I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to live a tortured life of solitude and pain. I'm sorry you couldn't find that one person to keep you afloat, or lost the one you did find. And to the person who I lost, if you're reading this, you need to realize something. Your actions and speech have a huge impact; don't go around saying things you know are like acid on my brain. I do not deserve what I've received, for trying and trying and trying for an entire year to just be there for you, even if I had nothing left in me. And though I still love you, and I still care deeply for you, I know you don't deserve love. All the best to everyone. And I hope you all reach the outcome that makes you happy.