My noteFor the past 2 years I’ve suffered from depression and anxiety. 

I told no one.

At first I thought I was just sad and stressed over the classes I took and the seemingly lack of time I had left in college. But I soon realized and that that sadness I felt wouldn’t go away. It slowly grew stronger as time went on and by the time I realized what I actually had, the depression consumed me. I was struggling just to feel a genuine happiness. That didn’t mean I stopped smiling. I smiled all the time, but I wasn’t truly happy. 
I slowly thought I was getting better last summer. I spent more time in the sun and going out with my friends and I felt happier almost to a point where I thought I was going to be normal again. But at the same time I was tired and stressed from studying for the MCATs so the fun I had soon turned into guilt. Guilt from not studying hard enough or long enough. So to compensate for the guilt, I drank. A lot. I drank to drown out the emotions. For a while it worked. I would wake up feeling like a new day was ahead of me and I would continue to study. 

I started to notice my depression getting worse about 8 months ago. I just laid in bed and I never wanted to go out. I stayed at home and told my friends I was too tired or I didn’t have money at the time so I couldn’t go out. It got to a point where people started to notice so I started to go out every once in a while even though I didn’t want to. 
Still, I told no one of the depression I was feeling.

As months passed, I noticed I developed bad anxiety and up until a couple months ago I would wake up in the middle of the night with panic attacks. My depression was no longer about the sadness that I felt, it was about all the insecurities I thought I could just bury. I was suddenly worried whether or not I was good enough for medical school, whether or not I had a future, or how I felt like a constant disappointment to my parents. 

I’ve tried a couple times in the past to kill myself but I never had the courage to do it. I kept thinking about how selfish that would be but I soon realized it wasn’t selfish at all. This pain that I’m feeling was going to go away. How do I tell someone what I’m feeling when I’ve barely come to terms with it myself? My sorority fought to break the stigma of depression but still I’m struggling to let people in. 

Eventually I just became numb. I no longer worried about what would happen to me or anyone else. The pain was far to great to go through again and the numbness seemed like a happy medium. 

I don’t blame anyone. I still love every single person in my life. I just don’t love myself enough to keep fighting anymore.

