I just constantly feel like shit and I don't see myself ever being happyNo matter how many steps forward I try and take in life, I feel like I'm running in place and doomed to keep falling flat on my face.

My job sucks, my raise was barely anything and I still don't make enough to ever afford to live on my own.  Plus, the stress of running an entire company as their sole employee for under $15 is crushing.

It's causing me to fuck up in school.  Even at a school where most people are genuinely mentally retarded, so the bar is set pretty low, I fucked up my midterms.  Which, sucks, because for my major it's basically my entire identity and it's me admitting I fucking suck at the only thing I'm supposed to be good at.  and I risk needing to essentially take this semester over again and being further from ever getting out of my parents house. 

Even if I overcome all of this bullshit and do somehow manage to live on my own, I don't think it would make me anywhere near happy.  I don't think I'll ever allow myself to be happy.  I'd really love to just blow all of my money on booze and bullshit and kill myself rather than cleaning up the never-ending mess that is my life.

Top it all off, since I'm crazy and depressed the only people I can get along with are crazy as hell as well.  Every time I date someone who slits their wrists with their fingernails when we argue, it's a reminder that I'm too crazy to be loved by anyone who isn't a psycho and I'll never be worth someone else's time that lives up to my impossible standards.  Anyone nearly normal ghosts me before long, and the only ones who stick around are insane and desperate like me.

I don't want to go back to therapy.  I've tried therapy on/off since the 4th grade when I first attempted suicide.  None have done much of anything for me.  The last one never said anything, like....ever.  And any insight they did offer, after I argued for 20 minutes to get them to speak, was repeating insight that I had already said in no uncertain terms.  The one before that very likely molested one of his other patients and lost his license.  One before that misdiagnosed me with BPD, turned any irrelevant conversation into one about my drinking which was far from problematic, and was truly awful enough that they told my friend who was raped that they were asking for it.  Ontop of all of that, even if I did find someone competent, there isn't a solution to my problems.  My problem is that I fucking suck, and the more I fail at attempting to change that the more I'm reminded that pushing forward is a fucking sunk cost fallacy on the grandest level.