Looking for some help finding meaning.First a bit about me. Understand this will all come off as bullshit but I am going to be honest with you guys. If you ever met me you would not think I was suicidal. Before I got into details about why this is I want to tell you what's on my chest.

I have fucked away the opportunity at a college degree to be a professional in a hard field. Earning me 3 strikes on a class that's a cornerstone for my degree with 3 classes left for graduation.

I fucked away an opportunity to serve my country. Bailed out of boot camp by crying like a child and getting a discharge by disclosing disqualifying information. I tried to rejoin but I was given the highest level of discharge possible.

I never finish anything I start. I have created things that people told me were worth money. I got bored and bailed.

I went from being in the top 1% of physically fit to being average. This eats me alive, and if any of the people I trained with knew my current state they would have words.

I have been sexually molested twice.

I have taken drugs to numb the pain I feel, but I cannot even get into those.

All my hobbies don't really entertain me anymore. I loved video games, and now I feel lazy whenever I play them.

I have taken to try and learn new things or brush up on old things and quit every time.

I was adopted as a child, and feel a sense of neglect that I don't understand.

I have tried therapy. Therapist honestly had nothing new to add to the conversation and whenever it did get deep I saw that they were planning on putting me someplace I refuse to go.

I don't talk openly with anyone even my wonderful wife.

I have an amazing wife that I am basically sexually insolvent with. We have been trying for a child for around 8 months and I cannot get it done, let alone even climax consistently.

Anyway, I am getting my money in order for my wife. When I have enough set up for her to have a nice few years I am checking out of life. I make really good money so this shouldn't take long. I guess I am hoping to find some sort of meaning I haven't thought of. My wife is tender and tells me all the time she couldn't live without me. My adoptive parents try to keep me on the level and realize what's going on in my head but I never open up. 

Point is, I know for my own safety where I belong. I refuse to go there. I have means of ending things right now set aside. If I ever saw anything sketchy at the door they would be removing a corpse.

I cannot take this feeling of being utterly apathetic to life. Feeling like there is nothing that I really give a shit about. I just want it done, and I pray to god my wife can move on.