JUST LET ME FUCKING DIEI’m sick of it. I feel like shit all the fucking time, my schoolwork is suffering, and there’s nothing for me but my friends and family. I don’t want them to suffer, but I hate it. I just wish they hated me so I could go in peace without a bad conscience. I know that seems incredibly selfish to all the people on this sub that don’t have that and it probably is. But I can’t tell them about anything. Nothing fucking helps. From gaming to drawing to reading, I’m just fascinated for a few weeks then it’s just same old fucking sadness. “Just eat better, get more sun and exercise more” yeah like that shits gonna help. I already eat like fucking shit because I use food to help cope, it’s either too much or too little and extremely unhealthy. But I don’t give a shit no more, no fucking point in trying. And I don’t see how sitting outside will help with anything, I want to die, hows being outside all the fucking time gonna help? And for the exercise thing, I can’t do sports for shit. Pe is the worst time of the week for me, I’m so fucking sick of being mocked because I can’t do anything as good as anyone else, I wish people weren’t so idiotic as to measure worth in athletic ability, I wish I wasn’t overweight and ugly as fuck. But no way to change that without being mocked by others for even trying. And therapy costs a fucking ton, I can’t be a financial drain on my family like like that. I think I deserve to suffer with all this because of how fucking selfish I am, having thoughts like this while others struggle much more. I can’t even fucking punish myself through self harming anymore because of how much of a pussy I am because I find explaining away the bruises difficult. I just want to die so I can not suffer anymore, but I don’t want to do it myself because I’m too much of a coward for that. I just wish I could go with knowing that the people around me won’t suffer, but I know how much it’d screw them up so it just constantly feels like I’m suffering just for their sakes. While I know how much they would suffer at my death, have they considered how much i suffer staying alive for them? I just wish I didn’t want to fucking die, I wish I could just be happy.