a stupid request before I check out?I'm done.

I've been programmed all my life to not express myself -- that the world doesn't care if you're sad, that no one cares about your problems.  I've been trying to reach out, because the self-help web pages say that's best, because my past shrinks had suggested so, because I know that I'm so fucking lonely I could die.  But it never works.  My problems are too big, too serious.   Or something.  It's okay, though.  I knew this would happen.  I'm too crazy so I'll just stay in my personal loony bin of an apartment and do myself in.

There's a part of me that thinks this isn't fair, though.  Everyone should have friends, or someone that cares about them.  Substantive human connection.  Someone that will stick with them, no matter what might happen.  I am not sure if I had that, ever, really.  I would like to one day, but I think it's impossible because I'm a cuckoo.

Now, I know that I'm going to do it.  I have my means lined up around me at this second and a backup plan if they don't work.  I'm really scared of failure, because I don't want to deal with the aftermath -- and face the fact that I'm fucking alone with no one who fucking cares enough.  

This is a purely selfish gesture of me, however.  I hate myself so much; I've hated myself for so, so long so I don't believe anything will change my fundamental way of thinking but even if it's from strangers on the Internet, I've some things I kinda want to hear, because no one in my real life ever offers these words unless it's someone I've paid to sit on a couch.

Things like "you absolutely deserved unconditional love as a child", or "having to see and deal with the things you did was really rough".  "Those people shouldn't have run out on you."  "You deserved a friend during that time."  "Being lied to like that was unacceptable."  "If you said no, and someone does that, it's not your fault."

I want to hear that I tried so hard through all these things, but it's okay.  You did a good job; you worked so hard even though things didn't quite work out.  Because I tried really hard, guys.  But I can't do this anymore.  I have this really infantile desire to be held and pet on the head, so feel safe and loved with someone enough to cry because it's hurt so bad for so long.  It's impossible, I know, so I will just cry and imagine it while I hope the Internet indulges me with the comfort no one ever gave me. 

This is purely attention-seeking, and I'm sorry for it.