Socially isolated, unemployed, 34This is a strange post for me to make because I should have made it 4-8 years ago when I realised what a horrible rut I was in... now I'm hopeful I might finally get out of it somehow but still getting moments of melancholy and despair.

I've been unemployed for the better part of 10 years since I left university - whenever I got a job it was either a short term thing or I was freelancing so not full time. Over time I started to lose contact with friends as I became more and more ashamed of my predicament. The job situation and making money has been a big problem for me.

My problem is that I was always into creative endeavours like film, acting, writing... so I've spent time following those stupid, dead end passions, which means I can only either get shit jobs, jobs I don't want OR I enter a very competitive market I largely now despise for how fake it is. Anyway I might have a chance to get good work as an editor/motion graphics guy as I spruce up my skills but it's still ultra competitive and I wish I had picked something more sensible. My life could have been so much better as I learnt and evolved rather than stagnating as I have done.

Another thing is I have a good few successful old schoolmates who are successful, rich, married, jetsetting around the world and happy, happy, happy while I live a SHIT, SHIT, SHIT, SHIT life (now back living with my folks!). Makes me so annoyed I turned out so fucked up and lonely when my earlier life was so full of potential.

At this point I feel I need a miracle to happen to get my life anywhere near where it should be - and even if I get out of my situation and suddenly get a job I don't hate - will I ever be satisfied? Will I find someone great to settle down with? Settle down with where? With what money? It might have been my situation which tainted everything but I've grown to despise the city of London where I live. It's like a prison - either join the rat race or die. SHITHOLE

Anyone in a similar situation?