Locked inside myselfI haven't feeling good the last year or so, I wonder if I ever felt happy in my whole life... it's like I've been depressed most of it, having days where I had the illusion that I was happy.

Yesterday I took 2C-B for the last time as a ritual of getting off drugs, the whole trip was a boring mess and I ended up confessing to a friend who was also tripping that I suspected that I could be a sociopath, but I didn't want to confess!

In our conversation it was clear that while he's inserted in society, I'm detached. I've always been detached from the world, and while people get together, have fun, party, argue, fight, etc. I simply stand there analyzing the situations, looking from above or below, depending on my mood swings like I'm not part a in anything.
Another aspect is that I have poor impulse control: If I drink a glass of wine, I end up abusing wine. I can go a whole year without drinking wine but when I drink, I end up getting wasted. It also happens with masturbation, coffee, sex, food people, slacking off at work, drugs and anything that brings pleasure.
If I start to feel good, I want to feel good more and more and I have a hard time not abusing anything so I gotta have this inner voice on a constant monologue saying what I can and what I cannot do in order to control myself and not abuse anything. I can never be too off guard, I'm can never relaxed, especially around people because I'm afraid to abuse them.

Some people think that I'm stupid, when they make fun of me because I never retort but I guess it's better this way because I don't want to hurt anyone. I know exactly which buttons I can press to pick on people just as they do with me but when I get hot, I don't know how to stop.
I can't have a positive self-image too because it feels too good and then I build up an inflated sense of self-worth and end up screwing things.

I'm tired of this inner voice, of this huge effort that I have to do in order to control myself but I can't let it go or I will hurt people or do harmful things for society and I don't want to be evil. And then I fear that one day I'll let this inner voice go and do surprising things... I'm getting increasingly tired of it, so the only option would be suicide: I don't take the risk of screwing things up for people and shut this inner voice up.

At this moment, it seems to be the only solution. I don't know what to think...

(Btw, sorry for the long text and for my English. It's not my mother-tongue)

Edit: I'm not feeling suicidal nor I think that I'm a sociopath anymore, turns out that I have BPD and quitting cigarettes made me feel depressed like hell and I've been dwelling over everything wrong that I did in the past. Thank you all for listening to me and helping me realize that I'm not a bad person and that I can do it. You are great!