I want to end it all. I feel like I'm set up to fail.So I'm currently in my second year in college and I absolutely despise it not because I'm incapable but because in my opinion I think it's the biggest scam in the world.  You literally grind your ass off for either 40-60k a year, a job you might hate,  and student loans. Now I understand if you are pursuing a career such as being a doctor, or engineering, or accountant etc etc then yes college is for you. But I still feel like the system we are current living in. THE ECONOMIC system is LITERALLY organized slavery. We are taught from we are young that we are going to grow up, go to college and get a job. I mean to some people that's a good life and to each there own. But I can't sit here and just work a job I hate until I'm 60 and POSSIBLY work after retirement. Like I didn't sign up for that. That's why I look to become an entrepreneur. I'm my own boss and I do the hiring. But now I'm trying to figure out where the hell do I get the capital. How do I find the right people, build the right team etc etc. It just feels extremely difficult to live the life I want to live. I personally want to get rich as I believe money doesn't buy happiness but provides freedom. People believe we are free right now(To a certain extent). But we really aren't. To all the people that have got there degrees and or have high paying jobs.  Can you buy that big mansion you've always wanted? Or your dream Supercar? Or could you travel here or there?.  Do you enjoy your job? Are you satisfied with your life? I feel like we still have shackles on but we are simply being fooled into thinking this is normal. The only person that should tell me how I live is God himself. What I can do, where I can go, what I can buy. He's the only one that should be able to regulate that. Not this dumb system that forces people to miss out on a lot of things in there one life. What I'm basically saying is something doesn't feel right about this world. I feel like I'm set up to fail no matter what route I take. Suicide is definitely tempting but I feel like it's somewhat too early. I guess it's anxiety of what my dark future holds for me. I'm always thinking about this and it pisses me off. I feel like I'm never going to get these shackles off. I just want true freedom. Financial freedom!