reddit &amp; wept. Past tenseI saw your post from last October. I hope you're feeling better.  October comes and goes. And so do the feelings of being down and lonely. I can say it until I'm blue in the face, and you may read it and dismiss it or it might just stay with you if you ever feel down again. I'm just a little older than you. But old enough to remember what it felt like not to have anyone be my gf or partner and go through the motions. Unlike you, I didn't get great grades. I had to struggle to make the grade. I worked my ass off and made it by. I worked to make it through and graduate. From there I worked harder and I made into a professional programme. When I wasn't working I too wanted someone to be my gf. Now I look back, and I realize that as much as I felt like I was missing something, I am glad I didn't have anyone. Why ? Because not only would it have drawn my attention from where it really needed to stay (and I honestly don't know how I kept at it so long when I considered myself a nerd, and also not a very bright nerd) but I found my stride and with it came the reward of breaking through academically. Then something majic happened to me and it will happen to you if it hasn't already. I didn't change who I was. I paid a little more attention to my health by exercising, and I found my confidence. That caused me to develope my own "style" (I wasn't a tatto guy and a motorcycle was going to get me hurt). My style can still use some work. But as soon as I realized that I wanted a gf to fill a void in me that couldn't be filled until my environment changed and I met different people (and that's part of the problem with HS. You're surrounded by the same limited number of people day in and day out). I stopped feeling desperate (not saying you're giving off that message, but I certainly was) things changed. My core strengths stayed the same (in my case it had to be my work ethic) I began to meet different women. I began to connect with different people. I wasn't looking for a gf. Just open to meeting people. Sure enough, I met someone of the opposite sex, and then it happened again. Quickly I went from wanting and feeling like it would never happen, to attracting women. And I met and dated a few. Can't say I left a trail of broken hearts. But I found a gf and I had the best 6 months of my life (so far) until she ripped my heart to bits; a pain I wouldn't have had the ability to deal with in grade 12 at VN. But then shortly thereafter I met someone who is now very dear to me. But who knows where this will go. Bottom line, there's guys and girls who are feeling exactly the way you felt last October. You my friend will be writing a similar post (minus the poor spelling and grammar-remember I struggled to get into Unv) and it will be your duty to help that person out when you realize I have s... you not. You're shifting gears. You'll catch your stride. You're environment is designed to limit your focus. Your parents are worried because that's what parents do. They don't get it. But they're not the enemy. They just think it's 1985 where you meet girls that live around the corner from your cousins house. Chill brother. Be kind and sensitive and don't give off that vibe like you need a gf or bf or whatever. You shall reap from your seed. Just keep getting those grades. Little change in environment, exercise for your mental and physical health and all will work out. Just do yourself a favor: Don't get a tatt to fit in and remember if a stripper ever says she likes you, hang on to your wallet (no offense to all the hard working ladies in the business, but I'm looking out for one of my fellow former or soon yo former self proclaimed nerds). You can have fun, but it has to be on 
your terms. 