Is my friend genuinely depressed or just wanting attention?So my 'friend' started messaging a group chat at 10 pm with my other friends of how he is emotionally sad. He has ideas of killing himself using a knife next to him while saying he was intoxicated by sending a past photo of alcohol from a social event. We try to talk him out of suicide by saying the general "what's wrong", "talk to us", etc..

Being in this extreme situation, he suspects that one of us might call the police in which he responds to threatening to kill the guy who calls 911 first. We felt obligated to prevent this guy from killing himself, so one of us had called the police, and he said around eight cars had shown up around his house. This had pissed him off as all he wanted was attention and not being recommended by cops to visit a weekly therapist.

The next day at school, this was discussed between my friends whether if he was okay and what all the drama was about yesterday. I do feel guilty about not keeping it confidential. He was angry with us talking about it so openly and demanded to know who started all these rumors in order to find someone else to talk shit about (we all did).

However, we discover that he is regular in trash talking behind other people's backs and a bully towards the skinny. He got sad from out pour of constant karma.

Before my friends and me had experienced this, the previous group of friends this year and another year before had fallen for the same distraught from him using the exact same story of being sad and suicidal without admitting his own wrongdoings.

I feel like we have been manipulated into being a parachute for this guy as he constantly gets himself into the consequences of his own actions and uses a mental health disorder to get attention.

The day we blocked him IRL was when he wanted us to do his homework as he will no longer attend school. The next week he came to school and asked me to buy him food and then he resumed with the regular trash talking.

&amp;#x200B;

Did I misinterpret this as faking depression making me the real jerk?