I have no reason to live but I'm too scared to end it. Help me pleaseGuess I will start at the beginning. For as long as I can remember I have always been a realistic person and I saw the world, myself and life for what it was, I always felt like the back up friend I guess I would call it? Never anyone's first choice. I have no talents or special skills, I'm not good at anything which has led me to have next to no hobbies or interests at this point in my life.


My family only involve themselves in my life out of a responsibility to look after their son not because of any family love because they are too busy favouring my sister, Mrs perfect because of that I have come to resent my family.


The only time in my life I have been truly happy was the past 5 years with my partner, however in April she left me and since then my mental health has gotten worse with each passing day. We still speak daily and spend time together because she says she still has feeling for me but she's confused and doesn't know what she wants. This morning she slept with a guy she has been speaking to and it broke my heart worse than the split did mainly because we went out for a nice meal and talk yesterday where she told me she still likes me.


My head is fucked, I have always had self esteem and confidence issues and my now ex was way out of my league, my own family said that to me and the new guy is confident, tall, attractive, smart funny etc, he's basically better than me in everyway now I just feel like I will never be enough for anyone not even myself. I don't even know how I am meant to trust another woman in the future because if all this self doubt that won't ever go away.


I have lost the will to live everyday is getting harder and harder to get through I'm always tired and exhausted I drink away my sadness on the weekend with my friends.


If I had the balls to actually end it I would but I don't want it to hurt because I'm already hurting enough and I don't want that to be in pain in my last moments.


I need help to stop feeling like this because I know I shouldn't end it but I can't think of a single reason why I shouldn't.


I can't go to a doctor because I don't have the time because if my job and commute and even if I did and I get put on Anti depressants that's only a temporary fix whereas ending it would remove all my problems easily.