Anxiety rant fueled by self-loathing. It’s long but if anyone takes the time thank you. I’m really low right now.I don’t like the person I am, I hate how my brain works. I try to be better for myself and for those around me, but I fail. Constantly drinking. Yes that’s a problem but even when I have sober stretches, I still say the wrong thing when trying to help, I don’t know how to relate to people in a real way, I’m not compassionate enough like I should be, my emotions take control most of the time when they shouldn’t. Grew up isolated in an abusive home so all my social “skills” are lacking and fake. I’m boring, I don’t have any hobbies, I’m stuck in looping thoughts so often that I do t have social awareness when I am around people. 

Without alcohol I would choose to do nothing but watch tv. I dont maintain relationships well, here and there I’ll get a buzz and think to reach out to friends, but there isn’t anyone truly close  to me and it’s my fault. That’s why I drink. 

Drinking allowed me to “fake” my way into friendships with loving, real people, which is why I have some beautiful people in my life, but at the end it’s all fake. I’m fake. When it comes down to me and who I truly am I have no fucking idea. There is nothing in passionate about, I’m just an apathetic blob of self-hatred and falsehood. 

My whole life has been an act to get people to love me under the false pretense of alcohol, because then I become compassionate, thoughtful, caring, funny, motivated... until I end up back here, after losing emotional control while drinking, saying things I legitimately feel but they came out so poorly that my words carry no weight. My whole life feels like a broken fucking sham. 

Cool I recently got a job, a car, I picked that part of my life up so I was feeling good. But all my self-reflection just shows me that underneath it all I am a horribly selfish and fake person. I WANT to be better but I don’t know how. I really don’t. God I’ve tried so many times. I always fail the people around me, just by being me. 

I don’t understand why I’m such a failure at caring for or relating to people the right way.I don’t even know how to entertain myself sober, no hobbies or interests besides watching tv. I’ve always been like this, I just can’t seem to give a fuck when I should, and I give too many fucks when I should accept things and let go. I’ve hurt so many people because I can’t understand or control my fucking brain. Idk if I can live with all the guilt. Then sometimes, I literally just don’t care. 

I just want to drink it all away right now, all the emotional pain just numb it out. Why was I born to hate my mind? 30 fucking years, so much therapy, medications, why can’t I figure out how to calm this hell that I hear and live in every fucking day? When do you just stop fucking trying? I can’t do that I know I will keep trying but god I hate my brain and myself.