I hate it when people tell me it will get better.Hi, this is a throwaway account. Just need to get a ton of shit off my chest.

I’ve struggled with depression and anxiety for years now. Recently I’ve been in a much darker place than before. In the past 2 years I’ve had multiple suicide attempts. I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me. Since I was younger I was physically and mentally abused by my mother and father. I still live in their house and the abuse is still going on, it’s just much less severe. Even so, I really fear for my life. It’s kind of ironic though since I want so badly to die. I attribute that to the fact that I fear not knowing when I’m going to die. If I do die, I feel that I want it to be at my own hands in my own time. My thought process is really fucked. I really think this sprouted from the abuse from my parents. We would get into arguments and the next thing I knew my father would have me pinned down or be beating me or holding me to where I couldn’t breathe. My mom is much less physical but chased me outside in the snow with a knife once. She apologized and asked for a hug, but I didn’t want to go near her because at that point I thought she was just hiding the knife behind her back and wanted a hug just so she could fucking stab me. I’ve called the police multiple times but my mom threatens me and I always hung up before the call went through. Because of all this shit I’ve been through, I thought I would never find love. At this point I feared love. Then, 3 years ago, I met the guy of my fucking dreams. He was cute, caring, told me how much he loved me constantly. I fell so fucking deeply in love with this man. Only a few months into knowing him and I knew I would jump in front of a fucking bullet for him. We dated for 3 months and he broke my heart when he cheated on me. Fucked me up even more mentally. When he broke the news to me he said we were done, I grabbed a knife, went to the bathroom, puked everywhere, and tried to stab myself. My mom stopped me. I don’t know why. We went out to dinner to calm me. Restaurant we went to had live music, they played a love song. I cried the whole time we were there. I’m friends with him and his boyfriend. Not my ex really though, because he decided we needed even more of a break and is refusing to talk to me for months. I know I overreacted to the news, but I just want to be friends with him. I’m completely destroyed now, still in love with this guy, but also fucking hating his guts for leading me into a false sense of hope. What’s ironic is that he asked me not to leave him. He told me we would get married, I would move to Canada with him, and we could be happy again. Together. Forever. I trusted him to keep the promise and because he didn’t I don’t know how to feel about him anymore. At this point I’m just planning my suicide. If I could get my hands on a gun then I would do it. Other methods I find take too long and I just want it to be quick. I’m tired of living a life where everyone lies to me and tells me everything will get better eventually. It got better and it was taken away from me once again. I’m also somewhat narcissistic. I absolutely crave attention and I just want people to compliment me all day, and tell me I’m a good person, when in reality I don’t believe that myself. I have anger issues and I used to scream and yell at everyone up until I was 14. I got physical with people sometimes too. I know what I did wasn’t right and I regret all of my actions. I feel that I would be better off dead, in a different place, where I can’t hurt anyone anymore. Wether I purposely hurt someone or accidentally, I just want to be free from the burden of feeling as if I hurt someone every time I breathe.