That's all folks!I posted maybe 2 or 3 weeks ago in /r/depression basically outlining the crappy life I have led to this point. I'll summarize it for you:
My father left my life before I was born when he found out my mom was pregnant with me.
My mother had a mental breakdown when I was two weeks old, she tore the head off the bugie she owned and drown her pet dog in the kitchen sink then suffocated me almost to death with a pillow, lucky for baby me my grand parents came to visit at that exact moment just in time to barge in and stop her killing me.
She was put into a maximum security psychiatric hospital for the first two years of my life so I never met her until I was already talking and walking, I was passed around between aunts and uncles and my grandparents until mom came home diagnosed with schizophrenia and heavily drugged up on depixol, mianserin and diazepam, she also developed a spinal problem which caused her excruciating pain and prevented her from having much range of movement, she was on heavy pain meds for this too.
I was put back into her care. Needless to say life has been very hard living with her. She had mood swings and growing up she would turn randomly violent at the drop of a hat and over my childhood I suffered a broken nose, 3 broken ribs and dozens of instances of beatings and having to lock myself in my bedroom every night while I slept for my own safety. Fun.
When I was 12y/o my grandpa died. My grandma lost it and went senile and the rest of my family had all abandoned mother and I a long time ago so I was on my own without any support looking after myself, my violent mom, and my crazy gran. School was not always an option because I had to tend to my routines. 
My grandma fell over in her bungalow and broken her knee, she lay there for 3 days on the stone cold floor, in pain and confusion until she was found by the wardens weekly visit. She died in the ambulance on the way to hospital. 
When I was 21 my mom developed leukaemia and battled with it for 6 months, it turned into non-hodgkin's lymphoma and she lost.
Between my grandpa's death and my moms death I had been to 9 funerals and buried or cremated my whole family.
exactly 1 year to the day after my mom died a close friend of mine hung himself.

I have had a tough, harsh time of it in my life, I suffer from depression and memories I wish I could erase from my head constantly. I got into a relationship and it really helped me. I was still depressed but I found a purpose for existing again. I was in love and I was generally and genuinely happy. Ten years I was with my partner. Sure we had gone through some hard times with the recession, I lost my job a few years ago and we had to move to find new work. But I was still glad to have someone in my life I cared about. Well... thats over now too. He cheated on me and kicked me out. I was homeless. A friend at work got a house with me to keep me from ending up on the streets.
The last 5 months of my life have been the hardest yet. All I have been through and 10 years of my life devoted to this person who I still love with all my heart all for nothing. I am utterly alone in the world.
I can't even begin to imagine starting over again with someone new. I don't even want to.
I live in the UK. And now we just voted in conservatives again. And I have given up. All my faith in humanity is gone now.
I am crushed beyond words. Filled with such loss and sorrow and grief and pain. My heart is smashed to dust.
Tomorrow is the 10th of may, the day my mother died, the day sean died, as far as I am concerned the day the UK died thanks to the election result. I plan to end my life at 5am tomorrow morning. There is nothing left in this world for me. Everyone I cared about is dead. All my friends are long gone. The one I love has turned his back on me after all we have been through together. What now is the point? what is the purpose for my existence now? I will die one day anyway most likely from cancer slowly and painfully waste away to dust like I watched my mother go through. No thanks!
Tomorrow I jump from the bridge not far from here it's about 155ft from the valley floor and I have witnessed it first hand people jumping to their death there. It is fast, painless, and a mercy. 
I just wanted to tell someone. I have nobody to say goodbye too. So goodbye to all I guess. See you in another life when we are cats!
