SincerelyI have major deficiencies when it comes to socializing and forming any kind of relationships with people. And the way this was dealt with growing up was to basically pretend it’s not a problem and that I was always just shy and quiet. If it was just in social situations that I couldn’t navigate that would be fine, but in professional life, people genuinely don’t want me around them. I quit a decent job a few months ago because my mental state was so bad. I moved in with my parents. I’ve done a few interviews and gotten nowhere. So on top of all the structural problems, given student loan debt I’m also facing financial ruin in a matter of time. I just barely kept my head above water all these years. The crazy thing is I’ve known this my entire life. When I was much younger I’d think “I’m going to kill myself” all the time. In my early twenties, when it started to become clear that things aren’t going to go well for me, I always thought I’d probably end up killing myself at age 34 or so. Throughout my 20s this was always in the back of my head, and I figured I’d have as much fun as I could. I’m 32 now, and there’s nowhere else to go. Even though I’ve known this for a very long time, it’s fucking crazy when you’re actually coming up on the end. I had always hoped my parents wouldn’t be alive for this, but I don’t know if I can hold out. I wish there was a way to convey that I genuinely don’t want to be alive, and to thank them from the bottom of my heart for these years.

I will likely say I’m going for a run, and then jump off the bridge head first onto the concrete path below. Hundreds of feet and certain death, isolated industrial area. 

There were great times, a lot of laughs, some wonderful people. I hope a kinder, more compassionate, more equitable world arises in the years to come, though I’m not optimistic about that. But I do sincerely hope the good people I’ve known and loved can carve out meaningful lives out of this madness. Good luck and many thanks to them.