Im pretty sure Im going to kill myselfIts been on my mind for years now. It ebbs and flows, but I always come back to it, and it always seems stronger. Im reaching out because I want help, but Im not sure if Im even willing to get it.

Im closing in on 30. I have **severe** emotional pain nearly constantly, sometimes for a reason, sometimes because my brain makes one. I hate everything about myself and who I am. Im a joke, a failure, living a lie. All I do is let people down. The people who don't abandoned me I push away. I have no close friends anymore. I can't do anything well, have no idea what to do if I keep my life, let alone a desire to do so. My attempts at art suck. I have no real talents or skills. Im not that intelligent. I graduated college with a shit degree, and now Im in debt, working a dead end job, that is so comfortable I have no motivation to better myself. Yet I get enraged daily by it; the way I get treated, the way people treat each other.

People make me nervous, they give me anxiety, they make me ill. I have trouble feigning interest in anyone. I hate how easy it appears for most of them. I hate knowing that its really not that easy for anyone. Yet they still have decent bodies, decent jobs, people that love them, the ability to create things, and if they don't have any of that then they are too stupid to realize it. I hate how I actually have things pretty good, and people have lived though the holocaust and famine and war and all this suffering. Yet I hurt so fucking bad. Its all suffering. 

Ive been bottling up everything for so long. I don't yell at people, or lash out physically, but I can feel all that anger, and pain, and fear, and ugliness just boiling down there, as thick as tar.

Im a stranger in my own body. I hate it. Im fat, im ugly, its not even a body I would want to touch. Ive been dealing with over eating my entire life, its the only thing that is always there for me. I transitioned to living as a female a couple years back. That helped put off the suicidal thoughts for awhile, but now they are back and better then ever. I can never have the body I want. Ill never be loved the way I need to be. Even if I cut off my genitals, get surgeries, Im still a guy fooling himself, just now I have a wound that I need to keep from sealing up, while praying someone will still have any interest in me. As a transgendered person, your usefulness, your fetization, is gone once you take that step. Ive yet to meet a man who doesnt want to use me for this, and Ive really tried. The more transwomen I meet, the more Im convinced the vast majority of us are just misunderstood, misdiagnosed, seeking attention. Perhaps thats why I did it. Thats what my parents think. Ive felt like an alien in my body since I was a toddler, but I still don't feel like I belong here, or anywhere.

Speaking of family. They are all embarrassed by me. Im not allowed to see me niece or my nephew. My sister and brother have no desire to talk to me. My brother and I were best friends for a long time. My mother and father don't allow me over whenever other family is around, or friends, or neighbors. They tolerate me, but just barely. I cant hug them because they "don't want to feel my breasts touch them". They refuse to use my chosen name. They tell me how they are suffering from depression because of me.

The only reason I've stuck around this long is my "adopted family". My partner of a year and a half, her husband, their two kids, their extended family. All have embraced me, but the more they get to see my true nature, the more they are getting tired of me. She doesn't love me the way I need to be, we don't share conversations or intimacy the way we used to, she has trouble even touching me or cuddling me anymore. All I do is disappoint her, cause drama. She upsets and hurts me regularly. She tells me how tired of us she is. I feel like the only reason she still puts up with me is because she knows I want to kill myself, and doesn't want that burden. We spend most nights together, but they get fewer and fewer as she gives up on me. And well she has a choice, her husband is right across the hall.

Him and I get along great, but it tares me apart when she chooses him. He plays video games all day, engages her none whatsoever, yet their relationship is magically out of the rocks ever since I came along. To make things worse I am attracted to him, and while we have all messed around in the past, it never happens anymore. Im the only one who wants to have sex ever, no one else wants to make love to me, or even fool around. I don't blame them.

I thought for awhile I loved the kids, but Im even beginning to resent them now. They're not mine. I can't have kids anymore. I can't get pregnant, I won't ever be anything other then a guest in their family. Any attempt to be a parent to them is undermined by their real parents right in front of them. One tells me she loves me 15 times a day, but I don't believe it, its incessant, sometimes seconds after another, and annoying, and I don't think she even understands it. The other is a cry baby, who screams at me when I try to help him, and gets whatever he wants. That being said I hope to not burden them with my death. I could do it so they think I just went away. They don't deserve that. No one here deserves it really, but im a selfish being.

I have no one to hold me anymore, no one to talk to or confide in. Everyones tired of me crying. I see a therapist, but Im not getting any better. Ive read the posts on here about people regretting their attempts halfway through their fall or whatever. It makes me so sad to hear this, but I just don't know what the point is. Im so tired. Im so alone.

I miss the drugs. I gave them up to live the family life. They made me feel alive. All I can do to numb myself now is play video games and cry. Its pretty much all I want to do too. I have no motivation or desire to better myself. Ive been trying that my entire life, and it has gotten me no where.

Let me be clear I have no desire to hurt anyone else. This is my decision, my renunciation of freedom...

A shotgun blast to the face would be the most effective and least painful, with the least chance of failing way I've come up with from my research. I can get the money pretty quickly. Eat a last meal, write a note apologizing to everyone, for my life and for the mess im about to leave on the few whom are left hearts (they'll get over it), find a nice rock up in the mountains, one last sunset, and boom, its all gone. I don't have to think anymore. No more loneliness, or fear, or pain. 

I used to romanticize it even more so. Get a passport, drive south until the road ends or the pain is back, and end it.

Or sell everything and travel the world, when Im ready just take that elephant sized dose of smack and goodnight.

Those have lost their appeal though. I don't want any of that trouble. I have no desire to live that way. I want quick, and definite.