Soon. Tomorrow I will pay a local gangster at my local public high school to lend me a firearm. Particularly a Glock 17, 18, 19 or 20. They are safer to use since they don't discharge unless you pull the trigger and dispatch internal and external safety mechanisms. I will proceed with the firearm to my parent's household and I will write several entries in my notebook regarding why I did what I did. 

While my mom is away at work and my father is attending Yoga lessons at a local gym in the city, I will insert the gun in my mouth and shoot. I am shooting myself in the mouth because the angle is smaller and more precise and it is almost instantaneous death. Shooting myself in the Cerebrum would prove to be most difficult since the angle is harder to determine and if I were to miss by a centimeter then I would go through agony and pain; there is also the possibility that someone can find me before I bleed out. Also, the bullet can actually deflect off of my cranium and I will be rendered unconscious. Consequently, it would put me in a vegetative state. 

If I shoot through the mouth it will rip the brain stem. The arteries in this particular area will be so damaged that the brain will not function, thus the body will be shut down. The bullet will rip right through it and I'll be dead in seconds. However, statistically, it has a 90% chance of it being successful. My self preservation can kick in and mess up the line of fire. The caliber and strength of the bullet might not be strong enough to penetrate through the Esophagus. It is risky, so I cannot underestimate this.

However, I am glad that I am doing this. This can not be prevented. After years of suffering from Clinical Depression, Seasonal Affective Disorder, Insomnia, Hypersomnia, self doubts, low excess consumption of foods, consistent failures, cynical view of world, and so on; I am happy to say it is over. This is how life is for unfortunate people and this how life goes on for us. Basically, it's my time to act.

Finally. I get what I want. 