What is the point? I Screwed my Life up.Hello everyone. 

First and foremost I want to say... I most likely will not kill myself. The idea has entered my mind once or twice, but I will most likely not kill myself. Least not at this point in time, but I do still want to say everything.

I screwed my life up. Plain and simple. I let so much to just wait and sit around and now nothing good can be done. Nothing that was lost can be gotten back. 

To give the short answer of what is going on... I was suicidal a year and half ago as well as rather emotionally destroyed at the time. My GF had broken up with me and the year we were together I had put all my hopes and dreams into her as before I met her I wanted to kill myself. So I went holding on. She eventually broke up with me because she realized my level of attachment was not healthy and she wanted me to get help and to learn to cope with all those emotional and mental things I was reliling on her for. She did still care for me and it hurt her a lot to break up with me, but in the end she had to for her own sanity. And I do not blame her. But during the healing process I did a lot of things I can now no longer take back and now I can not get back to the life I had.

Slightly longer version:
It has taken me a year and half since that time of the break up. During the last year and half there has been a lot of ups and downs. Things have improved over all. I have a BF now who seems to love and adore me even if I am not sure where I stand emotionally with him. 

And well, I finally figgured it was time to get back to work. During my suicidal stage after the break up I had ended up losing the job I held for a little longer then the time I was with her. I simply stopped caring and felt no desire or need to keep the job even though I loved my house. I got lucky in one sense as I still had money coming in from something else which was able to pay the bills but... not much beside from that.

Anyway, I went looking for jobs recently as I realized I am stable enough that I will not just randomly break down sobbing when something reminds me of my Ex as I know that is not good for keeping a job, random sobbing when you see people holding hands. There are no jobs in my town. Simple as that. There are none. 

I tried reapplying to my old job as it was the only place which was hiring and before I even finished the application I got an email stating declined as I was not eligible for rehire. No indication as to why I was not eligible for rehire, just that I wasn't. 

The only other jobs would be fast food palces which none of them say they are hiring. But none of them will gareente me a full 40 hours a week when I checked into it. And I need to be working the full 40 hours a week to be able to keep just scraping by with bills and food. 

The issue with the fast food jobs though is I would be on my feet all day. And during the last year and half I stopped caring about keeping in shape so now I can barely stand for an hour before my legs feel like giving out. And there is not enough time left before the money from the other place runs out to actually get in shape.

There are some other things but..... I am starting to feel like I am finished over all. That there is no point in continuing anything. That it will simply all end the same reguardless. 


TL;DR: Fucked my life up by losing my old job and becoming complacent over the last year and half which has caused me to get out of shape to the point I can not do any of the remaining jobs around here as my old job will not rehire me even though they are hiring. And well, I am running out of reasons to care to the point I just want to give up on everything as I am losing sight of the point of it all.