Don’t even know anymoreI don’t think I’ve ever been truly happy. For as long as I can remember, all I’ve done is to keep up a facade. A facade of lies, fake smiles and more lies. The pressure from society, seeing your friends achieve what I’ve been wanting, all just made me build the wall of lies even taller. I Moved far away from my hometown hoping that meeting new people could somehow change the way i lived. But without the people who actually just knew me a bit, the border between all the lies and reality slowly faded away. For a year I’ve managed to live on the lies I’ve been telling myself and the people around me. Then a short while ago, I felt like I had an opportunity to capture one of things I built the wall to protect me against: love. I built my hope on, that if I could capture and tame this great fear of mine, I could perhaps create a new and more honest reality for myself. I planned and i planned and i kept failing. The last desperate act, ended with me on a 3 day drunk streak, without even reflecting on how much I was gambling on this glimpse of hope. It all ended up with the girl going home with one of my friends and me having been too shitfaced the last three days to even really do anything about it. I don’t think it was the girl I really fell for, but more the taste of finally not living in a cloud of lies. To have someone get that close and finally sobering up, have brought a world of pain and depression. I think the painful feeling comes from the fact that I’m basically just living a lie where my only future is more pain and loneliness. I don’t want to die, I have dreams. But I feel like if I were to die, it would barely even be a real person whose life would gone. I know if i took “that” way out, the people around me would get hurt. But they’re just friends with an illusion. My family would hurt the most, I know that. But for how long is one person supposed to deal with unbearable amount of pain, just to keep it from reaching others? I’ve been doing that for so long, but I think im very close to my breaking point.

I don’t know if this is a cry for help or just me reflecting on things...