 I am suffering from dysthymia and things feel like they are getting worse and worse.I hope this is the right place and i will try and keep this short. Since i have moved from Russia when i was 9 into France, then at 11 moved to England. This is when things really started to go downhill I have been isolated from the social groups in secondary school bullied severely, was always alone and ignored by teachers which really made me miss 3-4 years of my education. From that point i always felt sad and never really felt as happy as any of my peers, everyone always asked me "why do i look so grumpy/sad all the time?". However, it is this year that i have started to notice my emotions more and more, i see everything in a very negative monotone view, try keep away from speaking to people as much as possible, generally really hopeless and a very short attention span (usually when i start work in 5-10 minutes i will start playing video games for hours)  

This is concerning me a lot at the moment as i have taken on an International baccalaureate and at the moment i am getting a lot of work and my exams are just in 2 months and i just see no point in it at all, i will not do any work, i have no motivation at all i just want to lock myself away somewhere secret and never get out, because what is the real point of studying? because every time i try and overcome this i always comeback to the start where i was, i try and keep my self happy sleep well try and keep a healthy diet but again i comeback to that starting line again. 
So i am really despaired at the moment. 

I have went to see my general practitioner which then gave me a referral for counseling (which took 4 months) and then the counselor has diagnosed me after a long 3 hour interview and she has reached the conclusion that i suffer from dysthymia, she explained to me that she will give me an appointment to a psychiatric who will prescribe some anti-depressants and conduct cognitive therapy and that also is going to be only in 4 months. 

So i have waited so long in hope that someone will be able to improve my current conditions and now only two weeks to wait until the treatment is going to commence. I just want to know, how much will all the anti depressants and therapies will help me, because i don't want to go in there with all my hopes at maximum and then after do something stupid because it was not as i expected. For example will it help you form ideas clearly, better attention span, generally feeling happy, improve my self esteem, more sociable etc

Thank you so much for any responses!(hope this not too much of a brag and understandable text)

