Do i ask for too much?I'm sitting here typing this as i avoid bathing myself before going to work, looking at calling in. Ever since I was a child (23 now) I can remember how much pressure was put on me to succeed. I'm above average intellect and have always excelled through schooling - barring motivation issues. I've reached a point where my existence is altogether meaningless. I used to have some faith or belief in God which always got me through. Lately I've admitted to myself that I was forcing belief because reality is so much more difficult to face. I don't see any meaning to life, i am just a tiny random clump of cells in an ever expanding world. This leaves me in a position where I deeply contemplate suicide. I don't know if it is just a mental bubble I've created but I certainly have an "overqualification" mentality. I learn rather quickly and so in my 2 attempts at uni I have become extremely disgruntled and cannot get myself to attend class. I show up and learn 5 minutes worth of material over the course of an hour and cannot handle having so much wasted time in my life. I am not getting younger and my early 20s are being stolen by school and work. The fields which I've pursued in school have not been true passions of mine. The only thing at this point in my life i can seriously consider as meaningful is playing music. When i reach this point i start feeling suicidal. I've always played music - started begging for piano lessons at age 4 - and i consider myself to be talented. But what makes me deserve to make a living doing something I love. I would lead a happy life if I could just be left to practice and enjoy myself. I just feel so greedy for wanting that. I know that there are millions of other people like me who would want to make music for a living and i don't feel as though i deserve that kind of success. I'm not chasing fame and fortune, I'm chasing a more enjoyable way to afford a roof and a bed. My heart and mind are not invested in a life producing for the messy, materialism driven society we have around us.

Lately as I weigh my options and the actual purpose of me being on this earth, suicide becomes a much more appealing option. A simple solution to the suffering that i am feeling. I have no belief that there is any sort of afterlife, and so it feels as though i have nothing to lose. I'll be too dead to worry about losing my life. I didn't ask to be born, and now I'm suddenly the one who has to be responsible for that. I didn't ask to be born

Everything would leave me to believe that these feelings are invalid, and that I am asking for too much out of life.