Old poster...Vengence, Victory and Vindication Through SuicideI've posted here before many months ago and have since deleted those old submissions just in case anyone recognizes the username. I was planing to kill myself(6 months ago) for around Dec-Jan 2016 and have decided to go through with it, and have a plan (already prepared) that is without a doubt near 100% fatal, and I'm also male as the statistics show I won't survive my "attempt" because it isn't an attempt, it is a suicide. There is no talking me out of it, and I'm going to be using this subreddit to vent about the world, my place in it, politics, religion, and philosophy. Hopefully some people will read into it, and perhaps may even understand why I've correctly chosen suicide as a logical cessation to my unique circumstances.

Now some thoughts on the matter at hand:

&gt; *It’s the ultimate revenge, the ultimate statement upon this sick, delusional, worthless farce known as humanity. Life is so very overrated. Everything we think we know is bullshit. Everything is a delusion. Dreams. Success. Love. Charity. Compassion. These are all illusions that hide the craving for disease and evil humanity promotes and chases. To end one’s life is the ultimate finger in the face of all these delusional lemmings. To end one’s life is the ultimate statement of awareness. It tells the universe that you see through the lies, see through the bullshit, and no longer want to drink the Kool-Aid anymore. It is only in death that I am truly free. There is no value to life. Life itself is parasitic, and can only exist by destruction and pain of other things, living or not. To die is to evolve. Life is the Matrix. We live only to feed our enemies. Everything is our enemy. In death we escape. Oblivion is truth. Oblivion is freedom.*

&gt; *In death there is nothing, and in nothing, perfection. The one thing left I look forward is the moment I take my last breath. On my own terms. I will not let death take me. I will take myself to death and rob him of his victory. And in doing so, I rob this sick world of even more, as I fade from it, I will take my knowledge, my insights, my dreams, my songs, and passions into the void, and let the world continue to be the festering, deluded pit of filth it so desires to be.*

**In death there is nothing, and in nothing, perfection. The one thing left I look forward is the moment I take my last breath.**
