Sometimes, dying seems easier...So, I'll try to cram 2 decades worth of grief in a box...

I'm female, 22, living in Australia, and Korean.

My parents never had a good relationship. At most, they tolerate each other... At first, I didn't realize this... It only got noticeable after I turned 6... my parents were fighting, and my mom had told me; "if you say the word, I'll divorce your dad. Just the say word. And I'm gone." Weird how you learn new words in difficult situations...

Anyway... in my early years (6 to around...14), my parents used to bicker a lot... my mother is quite a bully, has a victim complex, and is high maintenance. She believes that a fight is what fixes things, that yelling is a way to relieve stress, and to get shit off your shoulders. It's a little harder to say for dad because he's very quiet, he suffers alone, he endures alone, and he's relatively low maintenance. These two elements don't match very well in a relationship - at least, when the people aren't willing to compromise...

Anyways... ever since then... I've always had the idea at the back of my mind that my parents were only staying together because of me (Asian background: we would rather die than divorce. Divorce is shameful, and though it happens, it is nothing to be proud over). So seeing them fight, I've always had the thought of; "if only I hadn't existed, this wouldn't be happening."

I had a very cynical and pessimistic phase in my early teens. Humans disgusted me. I disgusted me. Hated everything and everyone.

Then at around 16, when I was taking a shower, I had a realization that literally took the breath out of my lungs... I hadn't realized back then, but I had been contemplating, very quietly, the option of death at the back of my mind for the past 6 years... Nothing active, no cutting, no standing in the middle of streets... just the silent, repetitive thought that... 'hey, dying would probably be better..." and I just thought.... what a pathetic way to live my life... What a waste of energy....

Skip to last year of high school, I managed to spend a very long time pretending that everything was okay until one of my co-ordinators caught me out... I admit, I cried like a baby. Hardship was something I never mentioned to my friends. Didn't even dream about telling it to my parents. All mom would say would be; "you have a roof over your head, you have eyes that are healthy, you are given the opportunity to study in Australia while your parents struggle because of the language barrier. What do you have to be sad about."

So when my teacher asked; "Is everything okay at home." I just cried...

Crying at night because I'm an over-thinker just repeating bad memories and unhealed scars always made me think; "tomorrow... tomorrow is the day that I'm contacting the psychologist... anyone... and get some help."

But you know... the tomorrow's keep coming, you bury your pain, you wonder why it even hurt so bad in the first place and you live on... Because of that, I put off counseling for 8 years...

Then University started... I am an independent learner (I have to be... no other choice), get decent grades, have a casual job where I help other students with academic writing, and I have a bright personality on the outside.

Funnily enough, me finally going to a counsellor happened because of a car...

Dad's old work car broke down, and while he needed to look for a new one (he couldn't work otherwise), Mom wanted a new car too. But you know... my dad is a laborer... he has to physically toil to be able to pay off the fees (on top of bills and a mortgage). Logically, we just couldn't handle an additional 43k something car just because mom wanted one that was new, and shiny, and something that she could show off to her Korean friends...

That immensely stressed me out, because she essentially told me to help dad pay off the monthly fees by contributing when I didn't have a job that paid me frequently enough for me to do that...

Eventually she dropped the idea when she realized dad was looking at buying second hand cars (still expensive mind you), and that he had gone to his Korean mechanic friend to check the car out... cause you know... you wouldn't want a rumor spreading that you got your new car second hand..... God forbid....

Anyways, I went to counseling and I cried like a baby... again. And I kept my sessions a secret for a good year... Asian culture says mental illness doesn't exist. Sure, you get stressed. But you don't get depressed. That's not allowed. It's not acknowledged. 

But I had an argument with my parents... again, and I finally admitted that I had been going to counseling... and that my stress levels were literally double the score of regular people...Anyways, my third and last session was in April 2016.

Fast forward to today, I got into another argument with my mom... Apparently she thought I was 'grilling her' about a dinner invitation she wanted to send to her Korean friends. Then the usual string of; "don't be like your dad, why are you never on my side, people (Korean people) would never understand why you're always on dad's side when I'M your mother. I bet you would give your kidney up for your friends in need, but you're always never on my side."

(I really wanted to say; "well, if you told people that you laughed in your daughter's face when she told you she was getting professional help because of the shit you've hurt her with, I'm sure they wouldn't fucking understand you either." But you know... those are fighting words... and words hurt... even if mom can toss them out nonchalantly, I don't ever want to be like her). Mind you... I don't ever raise my voice, I want to TALK it out, not yell and cuss and possibly-hurt-your-feelings-even-further it out... and apparently even this frustrates mom because I say crap too 'calm' and it makes it look like I'm diminishing her...

Then I told her that I made another counseling appointment for my stress levels... and then she laughed in my face. She laughed and scoffed in my face when I told her that she didn't understand my pain. She raised her voice at me when I told her that there were old wounds that never managed to heal. She debased my pain when I told her that she put an unimaginable weight on my shoulders when I wasn't even 10 years old. Then she dismissed my claims of wanting death, stating; "by your words, then that means I should've probably killed myself years ago."

And you know... I try not to let it hurt. But when a mother turns suffering into a competition between her kid... and then laughs in her face when she's seeking professional help to manage her stress levels - you just wonder why you even bother with anything anymore...

Mom just didn't understand why I was having so much stress issues if I was being fed, housed, clothed, had formal education, and all the material needs I could possibly want in the world... quite frankly, I don't care if we live in a smaller house... or have to eat less to pay the bills, or if I didn't have my computer, or any of that... what's the point when you live in a place that breeds misery...

I read somewhere that... if you kill your kids dreams, they will either kill themselves trying to prove you wrong, or have their fuse completely die out... and I think that the latter is what's happened to me... sure my parents were never strict in the sense that they expected me to do hours of homework and expected me to become a doctor. More so the opposite, they let me loose and I just didn't have guidance... All I wanted was a happy, healthy, functional family...

My fuse is dead... I don't know what I want to be, what job I want to have, what kind of future I want to have because I have this great big "I don't care" attitude to everything... I don't care about reading even though I enjoy it... I don't care about sport, I don't care about life. I don't have a hobby, I'm not very social, it takes me a week to psyche myself up to meet my friends... I'm... just useless

I just wonder why I even bother with it all... and sometimes, dying seems easier...

Because of my parents... more specifically because of my mom, I am too scared to have a family of my own... sometimes I think; "hey, I could be an amazing parent!" But then I remember that I am still my mother's child... and that the fact that there is the tiniest of possibilities that I could turn out like her scares me to death... I would rather risk a life of loneliness than ever put my kid through that... I'd be too sorry...

Plus... how could I ever shoulder someone else's pains and worries, when I can barely muster the energy to handle my own...

I'm just sorry that I can't handle shit well... I mean, my problems aren't nearly as bad as anyone elses....it isn't like my parents beat me (although, I'm pretty sure mom tried to drown me once), they don't neglect me, I am not some sexual assault survivor, or anything of the kind... sometimes I wonder if I even have the right to be upset...

And please don't get me wrong... I... love mom, in my own way... but it's just a matter of; "you can love your family, but you don't necessarily have to like them."

I don't even know why I posted to reddit... but something about anonymity makes it easier for me to say that I'm hurting...

Thank you in advance.