My life is great...This might seem a bit all over the place but here we go:

Im young, have a great career which I've worked my ass off at obtaining. I have great friends and family but still am un happy.

I cut myself for the first time last night in 5 years. I was supposed to go out with friends to a outdoor screening under the fireworks-lit sky. Everyone came over to my place for some pre jinx beverages and I ended up bailing last minute. Told them i'd meet up with them later and just never went.

Ive done this a lot lately. Most of the times it has to do with booze but that only exacerbates the hurt that lies within. On the outside, everyone looks up me to for my accomplishments etc but I'm so unhappy on the inside.

I give everything to my career and focus no time on myself. I don't know what makes me happy/sad/confused, my emotions just aren't with me.

A lot of this stems from my weight. I was a bigger kid growing up and did end up losing the weight but that self-conscious feeling seems to always be with me. Im normal weight for my age/height but never do a lot of things for fear/disgust in my self. Even if the wind blows the wrong way, pinning my shirt up against myself, I feel it. If I'm bent over in the wrong position and feel the slightest fat, I get disgusted.

I like to myself that I could change everything by just getting into shape but its not it either. I drink and smoke almost everyday. I don't see myself as a alcoholic/addict but see myself as someone who doesn't even know themselves/how to interact. The really only time I am sober is when I'm at work. When Im at work, I feel myself, most of the times.

It all seems like a false illusion. I love my job, I truly do, but it can't be what defines me. I have to be able to find happiness with myself in life.

I know the simple solution in to stop the drinking/smoking and to start working out. I KNOW This but what if even doing this does not make me happy? Im not even overweight, what if I start doing this to have this perceived happiness but nothing is solved?

I know what your thinking, "You'll never know until you try," but I'm stuck in a vicious cycle. A cycle of thinking I know what the problems are but giving into them.

this may all seem random and probably doesn't even begin to explain my backstory or the facts but its what I'm feeling. 

No, I'm not suicidal, but I am heavily depressed and have been for over a year. The fact I resorted to cutting myself, is beyond me and scares me to even think about traveling down that ing road again.

Anyways, if anyone takes time to read this, let me know if you have any advice or have been in my shoes. 


