Nobody...... is who I'm trying to be. I think I'm almost there. I was looking at my facebook page today and I realized something. If I delete this page only 2 people in my family would have any way to get in contact with me. My parents. Not one other person in all those hundreds of "friends" even knows my phone number. Which I turned off anyway, because lets face it... I've used 20 minutes in the past 2 months. Nobody is calling me, nobody cares, nobody gives a shit how I'm doing. This is how I have engineered it. I was in the military, I've seen one of those aquaintances one time in the following 6 years. I've made sure that anybody who knew me at any previous job had no way to contact me once I left. I kept in touch with 0 people I went to school with. I don't talk to any of my siblings and on the rare occasions when they happen to call when I'm around my mother, I refuse to talk to them or their kids. I haven't talked to my dad since his birthday back in January. I'm too drunk most of the time because I simply can't stand to be sober anymore. Anything to dull my emotions. Rage is about all I feel anymore. I hate everything and everybody. I have no empathy, I sometimess wonder if we're even the same species. I've tried meeting women, settling down, having a family... luckily no children resulted from that period of retardation. I've since come to realize that there is no reason to date or meet new people. If the rest of you are like me then why would I want to know you? Why would I want to bring children into this place? It seems cruel. Which totally contradicts the fact that hate everything and everybody... maybe I just want to passively hate. Without the cruelty. I don't know. I know I've wanted to kill myself for almost my entire life. When I was 7 my dad found me in a closet with a knife cutting myself. I have'nt told him that I still feel like that. He'll be the only person I feel guilty for hurting... and I don't even have the balls to tell him beforehand. I feel like a coward for that. I guess I always will (however short that turns out to be). I just can't find a reason not to go through with it. What am I waiting for? The longer I stay here the worse I feel. There is no "better" to work toward. I'm more curious to see what happens after my brain paints the wall than I am scared. There is no God, so there is no hell, so what is there? What is this bullshit we call reality? Why am I subjected to this? It's hard not to hate my mother for this betrayal. How dare she force me screaming and kicking into this horrifying place! What right did she have to be so cruel? That's love? Then I say fuck love. Fuck love and fuck this life and this world where everybody preaches "love" while they rape and murder each other. There is nothing here for me anymore. Hopefully this will be my last post. It's the only hope I've got left.