Done with this fucked up world. Fuck religion. Fuck "love".I'm a 25 year old guy. I'm done. I've tried to be a good person, but it'd be in everyone's best interest if I was gone. I'm gay. That in itself hasn't affected my life negatively. But two years ago I met a guy who proved to me that there is no good, no love, no happiness in this world. He's my age. Everything was amazing. We were best friends, we supported and comforted each other, we loved each other. Then 15 months later I found he was cheating on me, he was also Catholic. He cheated on me at least 10 times. I was loyal, committed, and supportive. Yet I was the bad guy in the end because I was distracting him from "pursuing his faith". He's played hot/cold with me for the past year. One moment telling me he loves me and wants a future together, the next moment telling me we can't be together because he needs to focus on his spiritual life. 

I'm broken. I gave him my all. 

In the meantime, my life is in shambles. I have $20,000 in debt. I only have an associates degree. I work in a shitty call center making $17/hr. All my money goes towards alcohol, cigarettes, weed, and amphetamines. 

In the past couple years I've neglected all my friends and family because of this relationship.

If I could just stop being hurt, I have a lot going for me. I have my commercial pilots license, and just need several hundred hours to become an airline pilot. Which I could easily gain through flight instructing, if I just wasn't so damn miserable to pursue that.

This wasn't always me. I was never depressed before, nor fucked up. But this relationship has absolutely fucked up my mind. 

If there is a so called "God", then I'm going to hell for simply loving romantically of the same gender, so I might as well just kill myself now and go to perpetual purgatory because I'm never going to sucumb to a disgusting cult that demands I call myself broken and delusional for simply wanting a companion.

And if there is nothing, which I wholeheartedly believe, then what the fuck does it matter. I'm done with all this bullshit. All these fake people. All these fucked up, selfish, disgusting people.

And I'm one of them. Neglecting my friends and family for someone who hates me to their core.

So the only logical answer is to remove myself from the equation. Fuck it.

I'll give it a cooling period, but the plan is to do everything I have ever wanted in the next week. Eat all the food. Take all the drugs. And then fly a small private plane into a deserted and barren area. No casualties but myself and the poor plane. 