I'm Too Much of a CowardIi'll be 30 in April. I moved across the country to California with the blessings of my parents. I'm living with my boyfriend in a terrible city, in a small one bedroom apartment. I was okay or a time because I had saved up money so I didn't have to work. The money is running out so I got a job. I wont go into details about the job, but it's working in a warehouse on computers and other devices to configure them. I didn't know the schedule hours would be so long, it's usually 6 days a week, and sometimes 7. Days are sometimes 9 to 5, usually 9 to 7 because there are big and important deadlines. I get along with my coworkers okay, but the time lost and my loss of self by the end drives me nuts. I am usually a happy, well-meaning, supportive, loving person who only wants the best for everyone.

Now I can't sleep, I can't eat, I can't switch off from work, I can't love my boyfriend like I usually do. I feel like I'm under attack and people keep telling me it'll be okay or I'll get used to it. But it never gets better it's only getting more and more unmanageable. I try to sleep, I try to eat, but my nerves are so shot. I feel like I'm becoming a monster, I can't be the happy healthy me anymore. So why go on?

But I'm too much of a coward. I love my friend and family, I love my boyfriend... but id I cannot even be me anymore I don't see the point. If I can't be happy and make others happy I see no point in life. I don't believe in any religion, I always believed the point was to be good to people. Now though, I have no patience for it, I'm not strong enough.

Then I get thinking how I have only had this job a week. Imagine a lifetime of this? Imagine another 30 or 40 years at least? I can't fathom it. I cannot even begin to accept it as something I could overcome. I want to not live but I am too scared to end myself so I'm just trapped to watch myself change into this abomination of stress and self doubt.

There's no way around not working. You just have to do it. My boyfriend says to think of something that would make me feel fulfilled or at least something I could do. I'm drawing a blank though on anything that's not an artistic (and therefore, you have to be really good or end up broke anyway) job.

I'll never retire and I'll never be happy as far as I can see. I go to work from 9 to 7 in about 40 minutes and part of me wants to drive my car off a bridge on the way there. I'm not going to of course but... it's fun to fantasize not having to be tied down to this hell.