No identity     Ever since highschool I've lost complete interest in everything. Something switched in my brain around age 16 and suddenly I'd listen to music that I had called my favorite and it was pure noise. At this age I was starting to get into punk rock and some metal and I remember wanting to sneak out and go to shows or make friends who were like me. I only remember this because it was the last shred of identity I had ever experienced before suddenly I just couldn't give a shit. 
     As a kid, I used to be artistically talented. My art teachers saw so much potential that they would take me aside to talk to me about projects and encourage me to go to college for arts(I'd pretend I didn't care because I thought I was a badass and I wasn't going to college so I never pursued anything). I actually made one of my teachers cry once because of one of my drawings. Sometime between age 16-17 I lost all my ability to think creatively. I stopped doing art and now, at 23, I cannot draw a simple face. This part of me is long gone and it's a distant memory of what I may have been. 
Highschool is the time of your life when you meet friends, discover music, and build the base of your identity. I feel like I missed out. 
     I am a female, but I have nothing in common with my own gender. I just cannot fit in with other women. 
I guess I can't fit in with anyone since, I don't game ( not by choice, but growing up I wasn't allowed to play videogames and now I just have no knowledge on it), I don't listen to music, I don't care about nature or going hiking, I've never had a pet so I don't really bond with animals the way others do, I hate things like art or poetry. Everything has just become so absurd and stupid to me. 
     People get through life by having something to lean on, something they can enjoy and do in their free time. It's a distraction. Especially if everything else is falling apart. Lucky me, when I have lost everything in my life, I still have no ground to stand on. Nothing to distract myself from the pain.
    This is just one tiny reason why I have decided to end my existence. In addition to not being able to give a fuck about anything, there is so much that has happened in my adult life that has crushed me and sent me on a downward spiral to where I am now, which at the absolute end. 
