shit is crazy and I think I’m going insanemy mind is slowly falling apart and I’m having psychotic breakdowns every night. it’s indescribably painful. im in a loop of ‘I can just kill myself and I won’t have to deal with all this shit’ and ‘killing myself is the best option’ but then I think about all the loose ends I haven’t tied up and think ‘i should try to stay a little longer’ but then I loop back to ‘well if I kill myself, none of this will matter anyways.’

it’s starting to settle in that I might actually do it. soon too.  it’s a scary thought but also not at all at the same time. 

I just want to die. I don’t think there’s much wrong with that. If people knew, they’d probably say ‘what about other people? Think about them.’ Fuck no. You think I should force myself to continue to live in a psychologicallly painful state just so a couple of people won’t have to go through the grieving process? Fuck you. ‘Things will get better.’ Really? Tell me when then. And how. Truthfully when I look at our society and our civilization itself, I hate it. I hate living in this day and age. And when I look at my future, I don’t see anything to look forward too. I’m not gonna live some miracle story where I suddenly become a millionaire and fine the loml. There’s literally nothing I want in my future. It doesn’t matter anyways because once ur dead, nothing will matter and ur state of being and emotions are so meaningless. We live pathetic little lives that we desperately try to put so much meaning to and end up the same anyways. Dead. I hate everyone. 

Sometimes I wonder if this is just a phase. Everyone says shit like this is a phase. Does it hurt this much to other people though? I feel insane. Like those mental hospital patients in movies. Everyone says it’s puberty. You’re just angsty, you’ll grow out of it. I guess no one really takes you seriously when you’re fifteen.

Jesus fuck. Everything hurts in my head. It feels like it’s splitting open and I feel like I’m going insane. There’s too many thoughts and voices. Im not even sure what’s real. I just want it to all stop. I want this reality to stop. My brain won’t stop reminding of everything that makes me want to die. If I just killed myself, it could all stop. Everything could stop. I want it all to stop so badly.