My life doesn’t suck that much anymore yet I’m still wishing to dieI’m depressed and anxious. What? You too??? No way! Well, it’s my time to shine sweetie so lemme tell u some kinda sad shit. 

I have this feeling that I can’t complain bc I was a somewhat healthy kid with a roof over my head and plenty of toys. I shouldn’t complain. But I also at some points have wished to have a much simpler life if that meant having the love of my parents. (Idk why, that was just my kid logic). 

Dad was never even present, leaving me with a single mum who was very toxic and had terrible coping mechanisms. Needless to say I was the punching bag for any of her frustrations. Quite literally too. 

I always blamed myself for having 2 emotionally absent parents, and an abusive mum. Thought it had to be my fault. Wanting their love so desperately (still do tbh) that I would overlook any bad words or behaviour that were thrown my way just in hopes that maybe one day I would get why she was acting that way (maybe out of love idk). Or they would understand that they were just hurting me.

We are always told that we’ll understand things better when we’re older. So I waited it out. Turns out that everything I thought was normal (all the name callings, the humiliations, the physical abuse even at 17, and straight up manipulation) was... not? I didn’t quite get that you’re supposed to feel safe at home. That you’re parents are there to nurture and encourage you. 

I mean, I kinda did, but to an extent just didn’t realise the situation I was in until recently. I still am rationalising most of what happened and bruh. 

But even tho I’m certain that these events happened and the extremely negative emotions and thoughts I had growing up were true, I constantly ask myself if I’m being fair to want to cut out my mother off my life. I ask myself if I’m not being to harsh, or dramatic (I always thought I felt anxiety and depression due to being a teen but really they were straight up anxiety and depression). 

I grew up with no safety net, I don’t know how to truly trust people, even the ones that love me. I have friends, but I still feel so alone all the time. 

My studies are fails after fails because I can’t seem to get my shit together so my future seems stagnant. 

It feels like I’m still that kid that is in so much pain all I wanna do is be in my room. I just don’t know how to function. I’m super awkward and generally scared of people so that makes it hard to make friends too. 

I feel ungrateful as fuck for wanting to die even tho I know that there ARE people that care and that my life isn’t “so bad”. I feel selfish. 

I’m not going anywhere with this... just venting to the wall

I feel lost